###Chapter 1
VALERIA Are… are you sure, Esther? I ask with a broken voice.
My heart races, filled with happiness.
Very sure, Luna.
Youre pregnant.
Why havent I been able to smell it, or his father? I ask, worried.
Its very recent, perhaps thats why.
Give it a few more days and you should be able to sense the pheromones.
She replies, and I nod, my eyes blurred with tears.
I am the Luna of the Autumn Forest pack.
Three years ago, I married the man I love madly, despite not being destined mates, my Alpha Dorian.
Ive given everything to be the perfect Luna, the pillar he can lean on.
However, a shadow looms over my marriagethe topic of an heir.
Ive never been able to get pregnant, and I admit I dont share the bed with Dorian as often.
But I know his duties as Alpha keep him extremely busy and stressed.
Please, dont tell anyone in the pack.
I want to surprise my husband.
Dont worry, Luna, I wont say anything.
Congratulations! She smiles at me, and I return the smile, overflowing with excitement and happiness.
Despite being a foreigner, not originally belonging to this pack, ever since my parents died and the previous Alpha took me in, Ive never felt rejected or looked down upon.
Thats why Ive devoted myself fully to my duties as Luna.
Im grateful for my life and the wonderful man Im married to.
***** Whats with all this food? Is there going to be a party? Hands off! I swat away the greedy claws of Sophia, my best friend, who sneaked in through the back kitchen door.
But wow, puff pastry tart and everything! she says, sitting on a stool.
Honestly, I may have gone a bit overboard with the dishes, but Im so happy I want everything to be perfect.
All my Alphas favorite foods are ready! Well, today is Dorians and my anniversary.
I want to celebrate with an intimate dinner, I say, turning back to the caramel on the stove.
I dont hear her respond, so I turn halfway, curious.
Whats wrong? N-nothing, nothing… I just heard the Alpha had an emergency today.
Didnt he tell you? she asks, and I frown.
Actually, Dorian doesnt usually explain much about his work.
I guess its to avoid worrying me.
No, but hell come back anyway.
He knows today is special.
I respond, completely convinced.
She looks at me strangely.
Lately, I cant quite understand her, but shes the first person who approached me in this pack and has always supported me.
I value her greatly as a friend.
Sophie, theres something I want to tell you, but… Ill tell you tomorrow.
Its very important to me, I say suddenly, wanting to share the good news with her, but not before confessing it to Dorian.
Really? Cant you tell me now? she asks, gossip-mode activated, leaning over the counter while munching on a homemade cookie.
No, no.
Tomorrow.
I promise youll be the second to know, I reply, and I can feel my happiness radiating from every pore.
Fine, Ill leave you with your mystery then.
Ive got things to do.
Happy anniversary night, she grumbles, frustrated I didnt spill the secret, and leaves the same way she came.
I check the clock.
Theres still time.
I take off my apron and head to the second floor to shower and get dressed nicely.
Everything has to be perfect tonight, celebrating with my beloved mate.
***** I glance at the clock for the thousandth time, sitting on the sofa.
Its past midnight, and Dorian hasnt arrived.
I look at the cold dishes on the dining table and get up, resigned to reheating them again.
Im in the middle of that task when I hear the front door open and close.
His delicious scent tingles my nose, warming my stomach.
I glance at my burgundy dress, smoothing it out and fixing my hair in the hallway mirror.
My jet-black hair is tied in a high ponytail, and my intensely blue eyes, highlighted with makeup, stare back at me.
I step into the foyer, watching my imposing Alpha enter the door.
My love, how was your day? Lots of work, right? I grab the coat hes holding to hang it up.
I see him clutching some documents, but I assume theyre pack matters.
I move closer to kiss him, but he steps back.
Im sweaty and dirty from the road.
Dont contaminate yourself, he says, his piercing honey eyes staring at meeyes I adore despite their constant coldness.
Its just part of his nature.
He carries too many responsibilities after inheriting the role so young when his father died.
His blond hair is messily sexy, and for some reason, damp.
I can even catch the scent of an unfamiliar shower gel.
Why would he shower before coming home? And he said he was dirty, yet its clear he just bathed.
S-sure, give me a second to reheat dinner.
You must be hungry… Im not hungry.
Valeria, we need to talk.
But the dinner Forget dinner.
Lets go to the living room.
I need to tell you something, his authoritative voice makes me tense.
I follow him, starting to feel deeply worried.
My hand slips into my skirt pocket, clutching the folded document stating Im pregnant.
Why was the table so full of dishes? Were you planning a party? he asks, glancing at the dining room.
My heart clenches.
Love, I know youve been busy with pack duties.
But… dont tell me you forgot our anniversary? Today marks three years since we mated, I say, sitting on the couch.
I expect him to sit beside me, but instead, he chooses the armchair opposite.
Dorian has never been overly affectionate, but tonight hes too distant.
Too cold.
An alarm goes off inside me.
Of course, I remembered.
You have no idea how long Ive been waiting for our third anniversary, he replies, but I dont see a trace of joy in his expression.
I know everything will change with my news.
Our relationship hasnt been great because of this.
The pack elders keep pressuring him for an heir.
When I tell him about the baby, hell be happy.
Ill be quick because I cant stand this any Wait! Wait, Dorian.
Let me show you something first, and then you can tell me what you wanted to say, I interrupt him, feeling a strong premonition I wont like his next words.
Lowering my head, I take out the folded paper and hand it to him, my heart racing with emotion.
He takes it, reading silently as I watch him, anxious, waiting for his joy to match mine.
Im pregnant! Im carrying your pup! Well have an heir for the pack.
Im sure the Goddess has blessed us with a son! I cant hold back and blurt it out directly.
Tears in my eyes, I rise and move toward him, wanting to embrace him.
But as in love as I am, even I can see this isnt the reaction I expected from the father of my child.
Are you sure about this, or is it just a trick to keep me tied to you? he suddenly says, rising and pushing me away when I try to hug him.
Dorian… Of course, Im sure.
Look, thats the midwifes handwriting.
Why would I lie about something so important? My love, whats wrong? Whats happening, my Alpha? No, no.
Damn it! I watch him pace like a caged wolf around the living room.
This cant be happening.
Not now! Dorian… Did you tell my mother? Anyone else?! he asks suddenly, approaching me and gripping my shoulders tightly.
N-no, love.
I was waiting to tell you first.
I thought… youd be happy.
I know theyve been pressuring you.
Alpha, you dont have to be tense anymore.
Well have our family.
I raise a trembling hand to caress his cheek, but he just stares at me with those golden eyes, silent.
I cant figure out whats going on in his head.
Youre right… Ive been very stressed.
Im sorry, he suddenly pulls me into his arms, and I finally sigh, relieved, hugging him back tenderly.
For a second, I feared he wasnt happy.
Well get through this together, my Alpha.
Ill be the perfect Luna so no one will judge you, I whisper, lifting my head.
I want him to kiss me, to make love to me like we havent in a long time.
Lets go for a run.
A wild, unrestricted anniversary night.
He suddenly suggests it, taking my hand and pulling me toward the back of our house, which borders the packs forest.
Shift into your she-wolf, he commands, and I watch him undressing.
Hes so sexy and strong.
His hair glows under the moonlight, and I begin the transformation into my she-wolf, one of the greatest lies and secrets of my lifesomething not even Dorian knows.
***** We run freely across the packs lands.
But I notice how we keep going farther and farther, even crossing the borders, yet I just follow Dorians massive white wolf racing wildly ahead of me.
We reach a remote place, at the edge of a deep cliff, but above us, the moon shines intensely, and the forest landscape stretches far below.
Where is this? Were outside our packs territory… Arent we trespassing on someones land? I gaze into the distance from the edge, mesmerized by the view, having already shifted back into human form, but no one responds.
I feel uneasy and start to turn around.
However, something inside me stirs with alarm.
A crow caws in the distancebut its already too late.
Do… Dorian, wha?! Aaaaaahhh! I scream as I feel wolf claws tearing into my abdomen, deeply ripping through me.
Terrified and shocked by the sudden attack, I try to run.
I attempt to shift back into my wolf to escape into the forest, away from whatever is happening, away from this rabid Alpha wolf whose blood-red eyes glare at me with pure hatredbut its impossible to flee.
Ahhh! Let me go! Dorian, what are you doing?! What are you doing?! Ahhh! Help! Help! I scream as he jumps on me when I try to escape.
###Chapter 2
VALERIA He bites my thigh viciously and drags me beneath his body, controlling me mercilessly.
I try to resist, to call for help, my hands clutching my stomach, trying to protect my pup, but his claws, like deadly weapons, pierce my skin, tearing apart my small, vulnerable body.
I have to raise my arms instinctively when his sharp claws aim for my face, and I scream in agony as a deep wound slices across my cheek from my forehead.
Leaving my belly exposed, he struck our child.
Nooo, not the pup, please, Dorian, not my son! Tears poured endlessly from my eyes as I begged him, but his canines tore through my flesh, and his claws dug into the depths of my insides with chilling cruelty, seeking to rip out the life growing inside me.
I dont know how long this agony lastedI sobbed, pleading as long as I could speak.
The pain in my entire body was unbearable, but worse was the pain in my soul, bleeding and shattered.
I was discarded on the ground like trash, on the edge of a precipice, my consciousness nearly slipping away from the pain when I saw him shift into his human form.
You thought you could keep me tied to you forever, you idiot! he yelled furiously.
His eyes were cold and disgusted, a look I had never seen before.
Did you really think I loved you, that I was dying to have a child with you? What a waste! He kicked me with rage, but I no longer had the strength to even moan in pain.
Three damn years Ive been separated from my mate because of you! he roared, pouring out all the hatred hed stored up over time.
Why…? I barely managed to whisper, my face swollen, my tongue heavy, and my throat bleeding from a deep wound.
Because you came to the pack, the miserable orphan, and that stupid old woman said you would give birth to the strongest Alphas, powerful enough to elevate my bloodline.
Pure nonsense from that crazy old hag, but my mother believed her and forced me to give up my woman for you because you were infatuated with me! She gave me three damn years to get you pregnantthat was our deal.
If you didnt succeed, Id be free.
So, today I come, ready to rid myself of an obstacle like you, and you show up pregnant with some bastard inside you, he laughed like a psychopath.
I wont let you do it again, Valeria.
You wont ruin my life again.
This is the end for you! He walked toward me, and I saw death staring me in the face.
I wanted to say so many things… ?I didnt know you already loved someone else.
I was just a foolish, infatuated girl, but I never forced you to love me back.
How could you deceive me, fake everything all this time? Our child… how could you… how could you do this…?!? I felt so powerless as I lay there, sobbing, bloody, and dying.
I wished I could connect with his wolf, scream out this injustice, but I couldntnot even that.
I didnt have an inner she-wolf.
I could only shift my body and pretend.
Some said it was trauma from my adoptive parents violent death, where only I survived.
Others claimed it was a curse, but I knew that wasnt true.
I had never felt the presence of a wolf spirit within me.
Goodbye, dear wife.
You dont seem so special after all, he said cynically, and with his foot, he kicked me over the cliffs edge.
The last thing I knew was the sensation of falling into the cold void.
I looked up at the dark sky as shadows of crows circled above my head, like messengers of death.
Im so sorry, baby.
I couldnt protect you.
***** Why arent her wounds healing properly? I cant waste the packs blood on a stranger.
Jake already did too much rescuing her from the rogue woods.
She has to heal on her own.
Honestly, I dont even know how this woman is still alive.
Poor thing… her body is horribly damaged, especially her belly… and her face.
I heard voices talking nearby, hands examining me.
An unbearable pain worse than death itself burned through my body, dragging me between consciousness and darkness.
I dont know how much time passed or where I was, but when I opened my eyes, I saw a white ceiling.
I looked around and saw a small room, lying on a personal bed.
Youre awake? a female voice spoke suddenly beside me, and I saw an unfamiliar face.
I tried to speak, but for some reason, I couldntit was as if my vocal cords refused to work.
Dont strain yourself.
Stay calm.
You… I dont think you can talk right now because of the wound on your neck, she explained with a troubled expression.
And then, my foggy mind rememberedeverything.
The first thing I did was reach for my belly, trying to sit up despite the dizziness and searing pain.
Dont move! Wait, calm down, calm down! she stopped me and eased me back down, but I needed to knowdesperatelyI had to know if a miracle had occurred.
I looked at her intensely and then at my stomach, wrapped in thick bandages.
Yes… I understand what youre asking, but… Im sorry… your belly was completely torn.
Your womb was destroyed, and your pup… didnt make it.
It was impossible to save him.
We dont even know how youre still alive.
I felt the tears pouring uncontrollably from my eyes.
I closed them in pure agony, my soul shattering.
My lips trembled, my entire body shook, and ragged sobs escaped my torn throat.
Why did this have to happen to me? Why did everything around me have to turn into a nightmare? My baby, my pup was innocent.
Why did something so horrible have to happen to him? Calm down, please! You cant get like this! Aston, I need you here! Bring the sedative! Now, Aston, hurry! Aaaahh! Aaaahh! I heard distorted screams, a cry so raw it could freeze the blood and shatter hearts.
A desperate, broken woman wailedand then I realized… it was me.
That wretched woman who had lost everything… was me.
***** Days have passed.
I know a man rescued me from the forest beneath the cliff.
Im staying in a small pack not far from Autumn Forest.
With my hands still covered in wounds, I try to splash water on my face, but I cant even bear to touch my skin.
I lift my head, and as I do every time I face a mirror, I have to summon all my courage.
My face, once beautiful and envied by many she-wolves, now bears a horrific scar running across my forehead and another deep one on my left cheek.
Dorian not only destroyed my childs life, my womb, but he also scarred my face.
It should have healed, but I know it wont.
I dont possess the rapid healing ability of werewolves.
Yes, I healbut slower, and scars remain.
I step outside the small room and hear the healer and the she-wolf who treated me speaking quietly.
Theyre discussing how Ive used too many resources and how they may have to ask me to leave soon since packs rarely welcome outsiders so easily.
But the she-wolf argues that Im still in terrible condition.
I appreciate her care and empathy, but it wont be necessary to cast me out.
Ive already decidedIll leave tonight on my own.
***** Hours later, I walk through the dark forest like a lost soul, the damp bandages soaked with reopened wounds, bleeding.
I dont caremy legs keep moving in a single direction.
Hiding in the bushes, I watch the patrol line carefully.
I know exactly how to slip past without being detectedI designed this defense rotation myself for Dorian.
Like so many things I did for him and the pack.
I slip away into the shadows, as quickly as my battered body allows.
The night and darkness are my allies.
Its as if they amplify my strange abilities.
I hear voices, laughter, and lights in the distancefrom the backyard of what had been my home for three long years.
I walk as if in slow motion, wearing old sneakers and a worn-out dress that the she-wolf from the hospital gave me.
Ladies and gentlemen, Ive gathered you all here today because I could no longer hide my happiness.
Im finally marrying my beloved mate, the woman of my life, my sweet Sophia, your future Luna.
I feel like Im falling into a cavern of ice as I watch them, smiling and kissing in front of those who once called me Luna.
It was my best friend Sophia and my traitorous Alpha Dorian, celebrating their union while my body should have been rotting beneath that cliff if their plan had worked.
Traitorous hypocrite! That woman was even wearing one of my evening dresses, made up with my things, stealing my life without a trace of remorse.
She had deceived me all this time, just as I had been blind to everyone in this pack, and worse, to the man who lay beside me every night while thinking of another woman.
Even the midwife who told me about my pregnancy was there! Dorian must have promised her something to keep her silent.
I clenched my fists so tightly my nails dug into my palms, my teeth chattering with rage.
I waited, waited like the deranged psychopath I had become, watching their entire celebration until the lights went out and everyone left for their homes.
***** I climbed the stairs to the second floor, walked down the dimly lit hallway, but I could hear them perfectlymaking love in the master bedroom.
Her feminine moans slipped through the crack of the slightly open door.
I saw myself pushing it open gently.
The moonlight streamed in through the large window, illuminating that bitch riding Dorian, her back facing the entrance.
Alpha, tell me Im better than her… Mmm… Come on, Dorian, tell me Im better than that frigid Valeria.
Youre the best, baby… dont even compare yourself to that stiff.
Fuck me in her bed, come on… wasnt that what you always wanted? Their filthy words hit my ears, and it was the final trigger I needed for everything to spiral out of control in an instant.
I lunged at them on the bed.
###Chapter 3
I hear piercing screams, the sound of shattering glass, a savage roar, an Alphas growls, struggling, and fighting.
Something hot splashes against my face and arms.
My claws shred, and my canines tear.
I cant stop.
I cant.
Rage consumes me from the inside, demanding release.
I dont know what Im doing.
Im not conscious of myself.
All I know is that when I regain control of my body, the first thing I see is my blood-soaked hands.
Im kneeling on the floor, everything around me drenched in red, wreckage, and pieces of what once was a powerful AlphaDorian.
What have I done? What in the name of the Goddess have I done?! I stare at his severed head, lying just a meter away from me.
Those honey-colored eyes still stare back at me in frozen terror, and I feel bile rising in my throat.
I vomit to the side, unable to hold it back, disgusted by this scene of death and violence.
Did I do all this? Theres no one else here.
I scan the area, not knowing where Sophia went.
The only thing Im sure of is that someone was thrown through the shattered glass window, the jagged edges stained with blood.
I stand up on trembling legs, glance down, but all I see is the forest behind the house and bloodstains across the grass.
Dont let her escape! Sophia, stop crying and tell me clearly what happened! Voices shouted, hurried footsteps ascending the stairs.
It was my mother-in-laws voice.
I had to get out of here.
I had killed the Alpha, and only a painful death awaited me.
Desperately, I looked down.
It seemed I had thrown that wretch Sophia out the window.
I decided to jump out myself, from the second floor.
BAM! The door burst open during my hesitation, and my eyes locked with Anaís, my mother-in-law, the former LunaDorians mother.
I saw the shock, the pain, and the fury in her eyes as she took in the scene.
You miserable bitch! You killed my son! You murdered my Dorian, you whore! Seize her! Restrain her! Im going to tear her apart with my bare hands! She screamed, and the warriors behind her charged at me.
I jumped without thinking.
Aaagghhh! I groaned in pain as I crashed onto the grass, rolling over, but I forced my body to shift into my wolf form and ran with all the strength I had left.
I fled into the forest as fast as my weakened legs allowed, escaping death.
I dont know if it was adrenaline or sheer will to live, but I ran like a madwoman through unfamiliar lands and tangled woods.
Days passed that way, where I only stopped to rest when I was on the verge of collapse, drinking water from mountain streams and feeding on prey that somehow appeared dead before me.
Yes, yet another strange thing about my life.
The few times I dared to close my eyes, every time I woke up, a small dead animal lay in front of my muzzle.
I devoured them without knowing if they were poisonous or where they came fromI just needed energy.
All I could think about was surviving.
One night, I felt them again.
I thought they had grown tired of chasing my trail, but that wasnt the case.
The sound of multiple wolves footsteps echoed not far away.
Desperation and exhaustion consumed meI couldnt keep running forever.
I had been skirting the borders of various packs, trying not to get caught, but that wasnt a solution.
Shes just ahead! I can smell her! That damn bitch will pay for this! I heard a snarlalready so close to my trail.
I could practically feel the danger breathing down my neck as I pushed my legs and lungs past their limit.
I was done.
They were going to catch me after all this effort.
Then I lifted my blue eyes and saw themabove me, a flock of crows.
Cawing, circling over my wolf form, as if trying to lead me somewhere.
And for some reason, I followed them.
I followed their sign and ventured deeper into unfamiliar landsinto the forbidden forest where no one dared enter without an invitation.
But I had nothing left to lose.
If I was going to die, at least let it be quick and without torture.
Thats how I crossed through the mist, leading me to the Golden Moon pack, the territory guarded by the Guardiansthe land ruled by the Lycan King.
***** I felt like no one was following me anymore.
I had no idea how far I had gone into Golden Moon territory, but suddenly, several powerful warriors blocked my path, surrounding me.
Who are you, and why have you trespassed into our pack? a massive gray wolf asked coldly, approaching me menacingly.
The black wolf I shifted into, so small and fragile, would be considered an Omegathe lowest rank in the pack, the weakest, often reduced to servitude.
That was why, when I became Luna, I had felt foolishly grateful to Dorian.
Im only seeking refuge to rest… Im sorry for entering your forest.
Just a few days, please… I only need a few days to recover and leave.
I pleaded, praying my pursuers wouldnt dare follow me here.
Where do you come from? Speak! Why did you cross the Forbidden Forest? No one comes here for no reason! Tell the truth, or Ill rip your head off right now! He growled, shoving me with his shoulder.
I let out a low whimper of pain, unable to resist.
Before he could take further action or carry out his threats, darkness consumed my vision, and I felt my body collapse unconscious to the ground.
Maybe this time, I wouldnt wake up again.
***** The next time I opened my eyes, I was in a dark, damp cell, wearing tattered clothes barely covering my battered human body.
Only the Goddess knows how Im still alive.
It seems she wants me to sufferslowly and torturously.
BAM! The sound of a metal door slamming jolted me.
So, youre finally awake! Take her out! A massive, bald, intimidating man ordered two guards, who dragged me out.
It was that gray wolf.
I didnt even have the strength to walk, let alone resist.
They took me to a small room where the questioning begantrying to dominate me with his Alpha presence.
But it didnt work.
I had no inner wolf to submit.
I spent hours there, sitting on a hard chair, my hands tied behind me with ropes cutting into my skin.
No matter how much freezing water they threw at me, how much they shouted or threatened, I kept my story and waited to die.
My head hung limply, eyes closed, exhausted.
At least they hadnt beaten me or done worse.
Ive heard horrible stories about this pack of barbarians.
Fine.
Since you refuse to talk, you know what awaits you.
Ive given you the chance to confess.
His dark eyes locked on mine, giving me his final warning, but I had nothing more to say.
He drew a dagger, yanked my hair back, exposing my neck, ready to slit my throat.
I saw hesitation in his eyes when my black hair fell away, revealing my hideous scars.
Maybe I looked pitifulbut he had a job to do.
And I was ready for it to end.
The dagger lowered, and I resigned myself.
But a knock on the door interrupted my death once again, sending my emotions from one extreme to the other.
Now what the hell…? M-Madam… I mean, Housekeeper, what brings you here? His previously harsh voice turned nearly submissive.
Curious, I looked toward the door and saw a short woman with blonde hair tied up neatly, elegant yet stern.
What were you doing here? Her cold green eyes fixed on mine, and I lowered my head.
Shes an intruder.
Pack business You were going to kill her, werent you? she accused.
M-Madam, can we discuss this outside? Its protocol with intruders I heard his words stop short as a pair of black boots entered the room, standing right before me.
Whats your name, girl? Valeria, I whispered weakly.
Look at me when I speak to you! she ordered, and I lifted my head.
She has a superior, imposing aura, and honestly, I think shes more terrifying than the massive brute.
Tell me, Valeria, do you want to live or die? You can survive if you agree to work for me.
If not, pretend you never saw me, she offered, leaving me stunned.
W-what kind of work would it be? Work for the Guardians, in the castle kitchen or wherever youre neededas a maid.
I offer you shelter and food in exchange, a new chance to live, she said without breaking eye contact.
I hesitated, feeling like I was selling my soul to a ruthless witch.
The Guardians were the Lycans, and the worst of them all was their leader, Aldric, the Specter Slayer, whom all werewolves considered their king, though he didnt seem to care about the title.
I dont have all day.
Are you coming or not? she pressed.
Housekeeper, this woman is a stranger… how can she enter the castle with the Guardians? We dont know her intentions I dont care why you entered these cursed lands.
Your past stays behind if you accept my offer.
But if you betray me or plot anything behind my back, slitting your throat will be the least of my punishments, the woman threatened, leaving me with only a second to decide.
Live or die.
Start anew in a strange place, possibly filled with more humiliation and sufferingor die now and end my miserable existence.
Ill go with you.
I accept the job, I finally chose to survive.
***** The Golden Moon pack was located in a valley, surrounded by dense forest with thick fog, and perched atop a hill in the distance was an imposing ancient stone castle.
We traveled there in a carriage, rolling along cobblestone streets.
This pack was massive, far more powerful than my former one.
I remained silent the entire way, my black hair always hiding the scars on my face, my head bowed, not wanting to draw attention.
The enormous ebony doors opened, carved stone walls rising tall and powerful, with strange statues perched on the dark eaves.
At last, we arrived at an inner courtyard, and I stepped down from the carriage with some discomfort.
I stared at the looming castle, half-shrouded in mist, more nightmarish than inviting.
Come.
Ill give you your uniform and show you your room, she ordered, and I followed her inside.
The moment we crossed the entrance, we were greeted by a massive hall.
A chandelier filled with candles hung in the center, illuminating the spiraling staircases that seemed to stretch endlessly upward.
I was distracted for a moment, staring at the glossy black-and-white marble floor, when something seemed to fall from the ceiling.
BAM! I stumbled back, startled, barely containing a scream of pure panic as a womans naked corpse crashed at my feet.
She was headless, and blood still gushed from her severed neck, staining the entire floorand even my legs.
The head rolled down next, lifeless eyes frozen in a horrified expression.
I looked up, trembling, and at the top of the stairs, a pair of gray, lupine, savage eyes stared back at me for a few seconds, chilling my blood to the core.
###Chapter 4
His entire demeanor screamed, Im the damn master of everything here, the absolute ruler.
I immediately lowered my head, trembling.
It didnt matter that I lacked an inner she-wolf the power radiating from that man felt like it could suffocate you, crush your soul, and he wasnt even standing that close to me.
He was a Lycan, the superior species of werewolves, the ultimate evolution, and I was almost certain this was the most powerful of them allAldric Thorne, the Lycan King.
Sasha, take out the trash and make sure my next personal maid isnt a scheming whore, or shell lose more than her head, his deep, cold, and intimidating voice echoed, followed by the sound of footsteps retreating.
This is a disaster.
Thats the fifth one in two months.
I dont know what goes through these girls heads.
I warned them, the housekeeper muttered as she approached, pulling a small vial from the dead womans hand.
Another one who tried to drug the King with an aphrodisiac.
Idiot.
Ill call a servant to take her away.
And your first task begins nowclean up this mess.
And so, scrubbing fresh blood off the floor, my work in the Lycan Kings castle began.
The first lesson I learned: never, ever try to mess with that dangerous man, or youll end up headless.
Unfortunately, I soon found myself on the razors edge again.
***** Sasha introduced me to the staff, a group of she-wolves and wolves working in the castle, attending to the Guardians.
They all stared at me as if they were looking at a monster.
I didnt careI just wanted to keep existing and stay invisible.
The Guardiansthats what they called the five Lycans who lived in this ancient, dark castle.
They enforced the laws of our world, or at least those affecting werewolves, maintaining balance with other supernatural creatures.
They delivered justice, protection, and punishmentoften in the most brutal, merciless ways.
Especially the Lycan King.
At least, thats what I had always heard.
I was forbidden from climbing the stairs or wandering beyond the service quarters.
And honestly, I didnt plan to try.
I focused on working and healing with the medicine the housekeeper gave me.
The food here was good too.
Except for the first day, I had gone three days without seeing any of the other Guardians.
Until this morning.
***** Hey, I heard the housekeeper saying she still hasnt found a suitable candidate for the Kings maid.
Maybe shell give us a chance.
I was scrubbing the floor on my knees, listening to the whispers echoing through the castles massive kitchen.
My head stayed down, and my long black bangs nearly covered my eyes, helping to conceal the disfigurement on my face.
My hands kept moving the cloth over the tiles, but ignoring the gossip was impossible.
Suddenly, the room went silent.
Heels echoed from the hallway, and tension filled the air it was the housekeeper.
Stop what youre doing.
I want all of you in a line, she ordered, her voice sharp.
The cooks, maids, and even methe lowly cleanerall lined up like prisoners, standing side by side.
She began her inspection, passing each trembling figure, heads bowed low.
When her shadow passed in front of me, I thought she would move on.
She didnt.
What was your name again? she asked.
Valeria, maam, I replied softly.
Her cold finger pressed beneath my chin, forcing me to raise my head.
My blue eyes met her intimidating green gaze.
Good.
I think Ill try a different strategy this time.
Come with me, she ordered, and a sense of dread twisted in my chest.
Out of the corner of my eye, I noticed the stares from the other women in the line.
Bitter glares filled with jealousy, anger, envy.
Nothing good.
That much was certain.
Listen carefully, Valeria.
Youre going to be King Aldrics personal maid, she dropped the bombshell casually, as if it were nothing, walking toward the other side of the kitchen.
Do you know how to cook, iron, organize a mans things, his clothes, and so on? Y-yes, maam.
But… I dont think Im the right choice for the position.
Perhaps someone more Its not optional, she cut me off, turning abruptly.
You either accept it, or you leave.
I dont need a floor cleaner right now.
I need a maid for the King.
Understood? I had no choice but to nod.
Sometimes, I forgot that this harsh woman had saved my life.
Though, honestly, I still didnt know whyespecially now that she was sending me straight into the Lycans den.
Memorize everything Im about to say.
The King wakes up at… He doesnt like… Prefers it this way… And his meals are only prepared by the cook from this section.
Make sure its always her… And you must taste it before serving him.
She paced through the kitchen, the laundry area, practically the entire service zone, listing the Kings preferences and dislikes.
I followed, my brain nearly short-circuiting from the overwhelming information.
I need to write all this down later! Alright.
Youll deliver his first breakfast now.
Do exactly as I told you, she said, placing a silver tray full of covered dishes in my hands.
And Valeria… remember, head down.
Stay invisible.
Youre nothing but a piece of furniture.
And I trust you havent forgotten the scene from your first day here.
If you try anything against the King, believe me, he was merciful with that woman.
Her warning made me swallow hard as I nodded.
I didnt consider myself a coward, but it felt like I was marching straight to the gallows as I climbed the forbidden stairs, moving through the dim candlelit corridors leading to the Guardian leaders quarters.
I reached the only door in this wingan enormous wooden door with intricate carvingsand tried to recall every instruction.
Dont knock at this hour.
Go straight inside.
So I did.
Balancing the tray carefully, I twisted the heavy doorknob.
Step by step, I entered the den of the big bad wolf, avoiding unnecessary glances around.
I immediately noticed the large wooden table at the center, the dim lighting, and I focused on setting the breakfast properly.
But then I heard itand smelled it.
The scent of lust and sex.
Through my bangs, I glanced toward a black door, slightly ajar.
Muffled female moans seeped through, despite being closed.
More than one womans voice.
The rhythmic sound of something hitting a wall echoed.
Maybe the bedI didnt know, and I didnt care.
The most important rule: head down, stay invisible.
Dont speak.
Dont look.
Dont listen.
I was so focused on remembering every detail of his preferences, circling the table, that I didnt even notice when the sounds stopped.
Who are you? a dominant voice behind me made me flinch.
My trembling fists tightened, and I turned, staring down at the gray rug.
Your Majesty, my name is Valeria.
I am your new maid, I managed without stuttering.
A massive shadow loomed over me, every instinct screaming danger, runbut I stood firm as he placed a finger beneath my chin, forcing me to meet his gaze.
I expected disgust at my scarred face.
Instead, I saw fierce, intimidating gray eyes studying meso captivating they resembled lethal steel.
Wheres your inner wolf? he asked, frowning.
How had he noticed with just one glance? I… Im not entirely sure, sir.
I suffered a traumatic experience before I turned eighteen, and her spirit never appeared.
But… I can shift into my wolf form.
Others say its a curse.
I added quickly, half-expecting to be dismissed on my first day.
Scarred, cursedwhat a perfect maid.
Is that why your face hasnt healed? he asked, his voice calm but piercing.
I suppose so, sir.
My healing is… slower than others.
He said nothing, but his intense scrutiny made my skin crawl.
Did I say the wrong thing? I avoided lingering on his rugged features, but it was becoming clear why so many women risked losing their heads just for a night in his bed.
Aldric Thorne was a man built for sin.
A towering figure, nearly two meters tall, with a powerful, scarred body, bold and commanding.
Muscular, rough, impossibly sexy.
His bare chest was covered in red and black tattoos against pale, battle-marked skin.
And despite his icy aura, his long shoulder-length hair was deep crimson, just like his short beardlike fire, like blood he could spill without flinching.
I dont care about your peculiarities, but I do expect you to have understood the rules clearly because I wont tolerate disobedience or tricks, he warned me, his voice dangerously low and guttural.
I nodded, swallowing hard.
Yes, your maje And call me Sir.
I dont like that Your Majesty nonsense, he clarified, finally releasing me and walking toward the other side of the room.
I exhaled, realizing I had been holding my breath the entire time.
Yet, I could still catch that scent lingering from his skin, something like aged winerich, intoxicating, seductive.
Could it be some cologne? I couldnt detect the pheromones of werewolves like others could.
Theyll be here soon to collect those women.
Make sure they leave and clean up everything, he ordered without even sparing me a glance, then disappeared through a door leading to what seemed like another room.
I remained standing there in the dim light, frozen for a moment.
Then, clenching my fists, I gathered my resolve and moved to deal with his lovers still in bed.
I opened the door and stared in shock at the chaotic scene inside.
The room was dimly lit, clothes strewn across the floor, and in the center, three naked women lay sprawled on a massive oak bed.
The heavy scent of lust filled the air, making it hard to breathe.
Umm… ladies, its time to leave, I said softly, stopping at the edge of the bed, but none of them reacted, their eyes shut as if completely oblivious.
They looked exhausted, their bodies marked with bites, bruises, and a mess of fluidssemen mixed with bloodstaining their thighs.
The King ordered you to leave.
You need to Shut the hell up, you annoying brat! snarled the busty blonde lying in the middle of the two brunettes, even throwing a pillow at me, which I narrowly dodged.
Well, they still have some energy left, it seems.
Okay, this wasnt going as smoothly as I had imagined, and they were already settling back down as if planning to sleep there.
Arent they uncomfortable covered in all that… stuff? But I couldnt fail my first task.
I knew he had done this on purposeto test me.
I headed to the bathroom, filled a basin with cold water, and placed it near the bed.
Rolling up my sleeves, exposing my pale arms, I then walked over to the massive crimson curtains, grabbed the heavy fabric, and yanked them open with force.
Aaaahh! Close it, you bitch! Close the damn curtain! they screeched like the possessed, even though the sky was overcast.
The sun never really shone brightly herethis land was always cloaked in thick fog.
Grabbing the basin, I lifted it andsplash!drenched them in icy water to snap them out of it.
Have you lost your damn mind, you filthy maid?!
###Chapter 5
Aahh, its horrible, shes deformed! Youre just jealous, thats why you want to keep us away from the King! The Lord has said you must leave now, I repeated impassively, standing at the foot of the bed while they hurled insults at me.
But I felt nothingnot cold, not heat.
I thought about how to get them out since, weakened or not, there were three of them and only one of me.
Just then, loud knocks echoed from the side door leading to the hallway, a door I hadnt even noticed before.
It had to be the person sent to remove them from the castle.
I walked over and opened it, revealing two sturdy servants who entered without a word.
The women began to resist, covering their nakedness, screaming that their bodies were only for the King, threatening that our heads would roll.
I didnt need to be here long to see through their lies.
That man had used them like disposable s and was now discarding them like trash.
The blonde rushed toward the door leading to the dining hall, but I stepped in front of her, standing firm and blocking her way.
Have some dignity and leave already.
The King has ordered it.
Dont risk dying.
I want him to tell me himself! Last night, he showed me otherwise! Get out of my way! she lunged at me, baring her fangs.
I defended myself, grabbing her arms mid-air as we struggled.
Her long claws scratched me in her fury, and I knew I could control her because, right now, she was weak.
This she-wolf was stronger than mehonestly, anyone was stronger than me.
With the help of the servants, we managed to drag the last crazed woman out of the room.
I shut the door, breathing heavily.
Quite the first day on the job, I muttered in resignation, staring at the disaster I now had to clean.
***** I wiped the sweat from my forehead, taking a moment to catch my breath, surveying the nearly tidy room.
The worst part was the bed.
Even after removing the dirty sheets, I had gone overboard with the water.
So, I thought of pushing the mattress closer to the window to let it air out and catch some sun.
Mmnn, I grunted, yanking at the heavy king-size mattress, my hands trembling.
I doubted I could move it.
I kept struggling when How many centuries does it take you to organize a room? His voice startled meI hadnt heard him enter.
I turned to apologize, but a wrong step, my nerves, and apparently a sticky substance Id left on the floor caused me to lose my balance and fall forward.
By instinct, I grabbed onto the first thing I could, falling to my knees with my eyes shut tight.
Something had slipped from my hands, and now anotherthing , thick, brushed against my nose.
A dark, musky, intoxicating scent assaulted my senses.
When I opened my eyes again and saw the sight before me, I wished I could die right there without needing him to kill me.
In my hands was a black towelI assumed it had been around the Kings hipsand I was on my knees, clutching his powerful thighs, with a massive, veiny member right in front of my wide eyes.
?Shit, this could make you cry? was the first thing that crossed my mind in my nervous breakdown.
And to think it was only semi-erect… not even Dorians compared in detail.
Should I fetch a tape measure so you can size it up too? His cold voice snapped me out of my frozen state.
Terrified, I raised my gaze to see him completely naked, in all his glory, his burgundy hair loose and tousled, damp from the shower, and I could swear his gray eyes held a mocking glint.
Your Majesty, Im so sorry! Please, spare the life of this humble servant who doesnt deserve your mercy! I threw myself to the ground, pressing my forehead against the hard surface, begging him.
What I had done was unforgivable.
By the Goddess, I had even stayed there… staring at it.
His threatening shadow loomed over my trembling body.
I clenched my eyes shut, bracing for the end.
Ill leave right away… I beg you… Ill leave the castle… please… I dont have the patience to find a new servant every day.
You leave when I decide so.
Now get up.
His deep voice rumbled close to my ear, and I felt him tugging at the towel I still clutched in my hands.
I released it immediately, sweat trailing down my back as my entire body trembled.
Besides, if youre going to serve me, it wont be the last time you see me naked.
Its not a big deal.
Come to the dining room, he added before his bare footsteps echoed away from the room.
Swallowing nervously, I stood on shaky legs.
?Come on, Valeria, focus, please.? Try the breakfast, he ordered, gesturing to the food set on the table.
He sat, dominating the large chair, observing my every move.
I picked up the fork and cut a small piece from each dish, tasting everything bite by bite.
If something is not to your liking, I can ask the kitchen to That wont be necessary.
Everythings fine, he interrupted and then fell silent.
I kept my gaze on the floor, unsure of what he was waiting for, frantically reviewing every rule in my mind.
Do you think Im a savage who eats with his hands? What? No, no, Your Maj… Sir… I quickly lifted my gaze and saw him glancing at the fork still in my hand.
Holy Goddess, I had covered the only utensil with saliva! The housekeeper hadnt mentioned I had to taste the food here too! I… Ill get another, Im so sorry You seem to apologize well, he said as he took the fork from my hand.
Its dirty, I… I ate with it I didnt finish because he wiped it with a napkin and began eating calmly.
I stepped back, standing in the corner, awaiting his orders.
Through my bangs, I occasionally stole glances at him.
He looked relaxed, half-naked, wearing just the towel, eating and reviewing some documents beside him.
No matter what the Lycan King did, his aggressive aura filled the entire space, demanding only obedience and submission.
This was my new master.
And honestly, I was starting to wonder if Id be better off running far away from this castle… and this pack.
Aldric Thorne was the most dangerous thing I could have crossed paths with.
***** Days passed, and despite my rookie mistakes, I managed to survive.
The Lord wasnt constantly present at the castle eitherhe often traveled between packs or faced dangerous situations.
I hadnt even seen the other Guardians until one morning.
Phew, I honestly dont know how you handle the pressure and temptation, said Juliette.
She was the only staff member who had approached me.
An extroverted, cheerful girl.
I didnt consider her a friend, thoughId never trust a woman like that again.
But at least her chatter kept me entertained.
We were walking through the underground corridor carrying laundry baskets when a side door leading to one of the many training gyms opened.
A massive Lycan emerged.
I knew by the powerful aura he projected.
We immediately lowered our heads, waiting for him to pass, but his steps approached us instead.
Are these clean towels? asked a strong but calm male voice.
Yes, yes, Sir, I answered, realizing I was the one carrying them.
I glanced up for a second.
Enchanting golden eyes stared back at me.
I quickly lowered my gaze to the carpet and handed him a towel, but as he reached out, our fingers brushed for a moment.
His touch was warm.
Despite being intimidating, this Lycan projected a protective auranot as sharp and wild as the Kings.
Im sorry… Im so sorry Relax, its fine.
Thank you, he replied, taking the towel and walking away down the hallway.
And then I dared to look at his back.
Blond hair, massive like all Lycans, powerful, his muscular, sweaty back glistening, dressed in black combat gear.
It seemed like he had been training.
For some reason, the combination of his eyes and hair reminded me a bit of Dorian.
I didnt want to remember that bastard, but the mind could be a traitor.
He had been the firstand onlyman Id loved.
Right? Hes so handsome! I mean, theyre all sexy and hot, but for me, the best ones are the King and Guardian Quinn… Though the King, ugh, that man is pure fire.
Im tornwhat do you think, Valeria? Would you prefer the King or Quinn? Before I could scold her for talking so carelessly, her face turned pale, staring behind me in panic.
A powerful presence pressed against my back, hot breath brushing against my ear.
Id like to know too, Valeria.
Who would you prefer? And why the hell did you let another man touch whats mine? The basket in my hands begins to tremble along with my hands.
Im done for.
And even though I know hes talking about the towels, for some reason, it feels like hes talking about me.
Ss… Sir… Get out! he ordered Juliette, who looked at me for a second with guilt but had no choice but to flee almost running.
I remained with my back to him.
Could I run too? Im still waiting, Valeria.
Tell me, are you unhappy with the position you were given? Would you prefer to be Quinns personal maid instead? Turn around, damn it!
###Chapter 6
DRESSING THE KING VALERIA 1 : I summon courage from a place I didnt even know existed and turn around , trying to keep the basket from shaking too much in my trembling hands .
S Sir … the towel … I can replace it with a fresh one .
Im sorry for mentioning it , it was just … just a harmless conversation … I had no idea what else to say , my heart pounding wildly as he took a step closer , his shadow enveloping me completely .
He was a giant , dominating every inch of space around me A wall pressed against my back , cutting off any chance of retreat .
Answer my question , Valeria .
Dont try to be clever .
He suddenly snatched the basket from my hands , moving it aside with ease while stepping even closer .
That basket had been my only shield of defense ! Do you prefer being around another Guardian ? Perhaps the handsome Quinn ? You were practically dazzled staring at him .
The danger in his voice was unmistakable .
I didnt understand why he was so angry I hadnt even said anything ! No , Sir .
I … Im honored to be your maid .
I dont even know the other Guardians , I murmured , keeping my gaze fixed on his black leather boots .
The scent of rich , dark wine filled my senses , making me lightheaded .
He was sweaty , his skin glistening as if hed been training too .
Liar , he growled suddenly , his voice low and rough .
I tensed as his fingers gripped my chin , forcing me to raise my head .
My bangs shifted , revealing my scars , and shame twisted in my chest as I met his piercing , steel gray eyes .
Whether you enjoy being my maid or not , since you walked into my quarters , you belong to me .
Dont think for a second you can choose someone else , Valeria , he warned , leaning even closer .
His breath fanned my face , and my gaze helplessly flicked toward his cruel , sensual lips .
No one is allowed to touch whats mine .
You answer to me alone .
If another Guardian or anyone asks you for anything , you tell them no .
Do you understand ? I nodded , swallowing hard .
He was so close , overwhelming me , forcing me to stay on my toes just to hold his gaze .
For a moment , he seemed to be analyzing something .
His sharp eyes lingered on my face , and I could never tell what was going on in that dangerous mind of his .
The tension only broke when he finally released me , stepping back and storming down the corridor like a wild beast .
I stared after him , his sweat soaked back flexing under a navy sleeveless shirt clinging to his powerful frame .
My gaze trailed lower along the thick muscles of his arms and then I noticed something .
DE DRESSING THE KING << Wait , Your Majesty! Youre taking my basket ! ? The kitchen was usually lively , buzzing with servants gossiping , but today , it felt half empty .
I remembered Juliette had mentioned getting the day off for the packs festival .
Not that it mattered to me .
My entire world now revolved around serving King Aldric .
So , I continued preparing the dinner trays as usual .
I was carrying a tray of dishes when a sharp cry startled me Looking toward the stoves , I spotted a maid bent over , clutching her hand as blood dripped onto the tiles .
I rushed over and saw a deep cut on her palm , likely from chopping meat .
Hold on , Ill get a clean cloth right away , I said , placing my tray aside and grabbing a white towel to help wrap her injury , Th thank you , she hissed , wincing in pain as I pressed the cloth against the wound .
Goddess … how am I supposed to finish chopping all this meat today ? I glanced at the pile of bloody , half cut meat on the cutting board .
Honestly , with the staff so short , shed never finish alone .
Ill help you , Fidela , came another voice from behind .
One of the other maids had stayed behind on duty .
Seeing the situation was handled , I returned to my task , carrying the dinner tray upstairs to the King .
His room was as dark and foreboding as always , like the lair of a beast .
Half shadowed , with heavy drapes drawn , it felt more like a prison than living quarters .
I set the dishes carefully on the dining table , arranging everything properly when his voice called from beyond his bedroom door .
Valeria .
Come here .
His deep , guttural voice made my stomach twist .
I had learned something since being here his other bed , the one where he took his lovers , wasnt his private room .
Hesitantly , I approached the solid ebony door and knocked softly before stepping inside .
I rarely entered this space .
I didnt like intruding on his most personal quarters .
The massive black canopy bed dominated the room .
A writing desk sat near the center , a black leather sofa beneath the wide window , and a vast wardrobe that Included the Kings private bath Help me choose something to wear .
I have to attend some damn festival of gratitude to the Goddess , he said , clearly irritated .
Im going to shower .
Find something in the closet .
And just like that , he disappeared into the bathroom , leaving me to figure it out alone .
Come on , Valeria .
Remember , you were Luna once … even if it was a lie .
DE DRESSING THE KING I told myself , drawing on what I knew from dressing Dorian for formal events .
His wardrobe was overwhelming an entire walk in chamber filled with elegant , luxurious clothing I rarely saw him wear , given his constant combat attire .
I selected a few outfit options and returned to the bedroom only to freeze in horror .
The first thing I saw was him .
Naked Completely exposed , facing away from me as he bent slightly to slide on his boxers .
His muscular back flexed , powerful and scarred , but my gaze traveled lower to the heavy balls between his legs as he pulled the fabric up .
I snapped my gaze away , mortified , face burning .
With this man , you never knew when hed throw another surprise .
Shame wasnt in his vocabulary .
Honestly , I wasnt surprised anymore that his former maids ended up trying to seduce him or worse .
Does he behave this way with all of them ? Well , Im ready .
Im all yours now .
His voice broke my train of thought , teasing and commanding all at once .
I risked a glance , my face still flushed .
Dress me , maid .
If I look ridiculous at the festival , itll be your fault .
###Chapter 7
ARE YOU PLANNING TO POISON ME ? VALERIA With that pressure weighing on my shoulders and trying not to focus on the fact that he was only wearing boxers , I began testing the clothing options I had selected .
Hmm , too plain … The gray matches his eyes , but not the pants … This detail doesnt work ..
I was so absorbed in holding the garments against him , measuring and matching , that I hadnt realized I was voicing my thoughts out loud .
This one looks too short … Would this belt fit you ? I asked , suddenly raising my head and immediately realizing how close we were .
I was practically pressed against the King .
A drop of water from his damp hair fell onto my lips , and the way this Lycan was staring at me made my heart race .
uncontroHably .
Everything about this screamed danger .
What exactly am I doing ? I I apologi- Try it on me .
Lets see how it fits , he cut me off , spreading his arms wide .
The gesture was clear : Come and test it yourself .
Swallowing hard , I stepped closer , gripping the leather belt tightly as I wrapped it around his waist .
It was impossible not to brush against his bare skin .
The tip of my nose barely grazed his solid chest , from which that intoxicating wine scent radiated so strongly .
As my fingers worked to adjust the belt , I could have sworn heard a low growl rumbling above my head .
I could feel him inhaling my scent or maybe it was just my paranoia acting up .
I gulped nervously , struggling to focus on the task while he remained perfectly still , offering no assistance whatsoever .
It … It seems to fit , I murmured , my voice shaky .
You need to fasten the buckle to be sure , he challenged , his voice even lower .
Hes not even wearing pants , why am I fastening the buckle ?! But I kept my frustrations to myself and forced my trembling hands to finish the task , securing the belt around his waist .
Which was nearly impossible , considering the hard , unmistakable outline beneath his boxers was far too prominent and far too close for me to ignore .
That rich scent of wine was making me lightheaded .
Yes , this one … this one is definitely the right choice , I declared , exhaling a shaky breath of relief .
Do you like this outfit , Sir ? I stepped back immediately , retreating to safer ground .
1/4 ARE YOU PLANNING TOPO SON MET * RE BONUS .
If you like it , then its fine .
I hate those formal robes .
The more comfortable the clothes , the better , he replied , and I nodded , realizing I had chosen correctly .
He was clearly a man of action , not decoration .
Valeria … Have you ever been mated to a male before ? he asked suddenly , his voice dropping a shade deeper .
I froze .
My back was turned to him as 1 folded the extra clothes , and I fell silent for a few seconds .
I didnt want to talk about Dorian or anything from my past .
L … My mind raced .
Lying to him would be dangerous .
Its fine .
You dont have to answer .
I only hope hes dead .
Because if hes alive and dares to claim you , hell wish he was dead .
The way he said it , so cold and possessive , as if I belonged to him it made my skin prickle .
King Aldric was deeply possessive of his things .
We fell into silence as he grabbed a towel and began drying his hair .
We But Dorian wouldnt come for me .
No male would claim me I was nothing now a scarred , broken woman .
No longer beautiful or desirable .
This is the full outfit , I said , motioning toward the final selection .
It will match perfectly with these boots , Sir .
I was ready to leave , eager to escape this charged tension .
Where are you going ? His voice stopped me cold .
My stomach twisted as a terrible feeling settled in my gut .
If you start something , you finish it .
Come here dress your King I turned back slowly , only to find him standing tall , brushing his damp crimson hair back with his large hands , his muscular arms flexing , every inch of him powerful and overwhelming .
Red and black tattoos stretched over his chest , where pale pink nipples stood out against the Ink .
And lower still , his sculpted abs led down toward a thin trail of light hair disappearing beneath his boxers .
And there it was his prize , much larger than expected .
Reluctantly , I forced my legs to move toward him .
Why did have to be the one doing this ? Because youre the maid of a spoiled Lycan King , thats why ***** Ill taste it in a second .
Its not necessary , Im in a hurry .
Are you going to poison me ? he suddenly questioned , his sharp gaze piercing me as he sat at the table , ready to eat .
N no , of course not , Sir ! I stammered immediately .
He gave a brief nod and began eating .
I withdrew to my usual corner , standing silently as he finished his meal and returned to his chambers .
I was busy collecting the dishes when a heavy leather pouch hit the table beside me with a dull thud .
( 17.
ARE YOU PLANNING TO POSON ME The soft clinking of gold coins echoed from inside .
Thats your payment .
You may leave the castle tonight .
Theres a festival in the pack .
Perhaps youll find something you want to buy , he said from behind me .
My … payment ? I whispered , hesitant to even touch the bag , which was clearly overfilled .
The The housekeeper never mentioned Id be paid- Why wouldnt you be ? Youre not a slave .
I always pay my maids .
That is your reward .
If you need more , you ask me directly , he stated , his tone blunt but direct .
Something twisted painfully in my chest .
The truth was , I did feel like a slave here .
I never expected him to actually give me money , let alone this much .
1 heard his footsteps retreating and spun around quickly .
Thank you , Your Majesty .
Im very grateful for your generosity , I said , bowing respectfully .
His boots suddenly stopped in front of me .
He remained silent always silent like he was contemplating something unspoken .
I was about to thank him again when his rough , calloused hand suddenly rested on my head .
He stroked my hair awkwardly , as if I were a pet .
I stood frozen , head bowed , unsure how to react .
Had I just … been promoted ? As long as you remain loyal , you may have whatever you desire from me , Valeria .
But never , ever think of betraying me .
Believe me , I really wouldnt want to have to separate that pretty head from your body .
Of course .
It wouldnt be the King without a threat mixed in At last , he left the room .
Only then did I exhale , releasing the tension from my lungs .
My life was a constant rollercoaster of stress and confusion .
I stared at the gold pouch on the table .
I wouldnt waste it .
This … this was my escape plan my lifeline for the day I finally had to run .
But I never imagined how soon that moment would come .
It was late at night as I walked through the dim corridors , guiding myself with a single candelabra .
A long coat hung over my nightdress , along with my old , wern slippers .
All these clothes had been provided by the housekeeper .
I was heading to the Kings chambers .
I had forgotten to change his bedsheets earlier , and he was notoriously meticulous about them .
Figuring he would still be at the festival , I quietly entered his quarters .
In the faint glow of candlelight , I retrieved the fresh linens from the closet and began stripping the massive bed .
The eerie silence of the room was broken by a beastly grow that made my blood run cold .
I froze , glancing toward a dark steel door tucked into the corner of the room one I had never noticed before .
OT ARE YOU PLANKING TO POISON ME ? The terrifying sound echoed from behind it , a low snarl so menacing it made my stomach twist painfully .
I reminded myself not to be reckless .
Not to be curious .
But against my better judgment , I grabbed the candelabra and moved toward the partially open door .
It creaked as I pushed it , revealing a narrow , spiraling staircase descending into darkness like a descent straight into hell .
I made the mistake of going down .
And what I discovered in that basement … would change my life forever .
###Chapter 8
ALDRIC OUT OF CONTROL VALERIA A strong scent of wine assaulted my senses , making me feel slightly dizzy .
My senses were dulled , and for some reason , my body began to react as if an unbearable heat was consuming me from within .
A heavy steel and wood door blocked my path .
From the other side , I could hear growls and sounds like something or someone scratching the walls or the floor .
Aaggr … Upon recognizing the Kings voice for a brief moment , I finally decided to enter perhaps he was in trouble .
However , I wasnt prepared to find him naked and nearly unconscious , kneeling on the hard stone floor .
His hands were restrained above him by heavy steel rings anchored to the ancient wall , and thick chains held him captive with powerful , rusted shackles around his wrists .
The Kings breathing was labored , as though he were enduring intense pain , and his muscular body was drenched in sweat His red hair hung damply over his face , which was tilted downward , obscuring his features in the dim light .
Sir ! I ran toward him without thinking , scared , foolishly believing someone had captured him .
I didnt fully understand the situation , but it was obvious he wasnt well .
I set the small lantern to the side our only source of light and knelt before the King Your … Your Majesty , how do I free you ? What should I do ? My trembling hands reached for the heavy shackles , trying to pull them open with useless tugs .
They were heavy and clearly forged to contain this powerful man .
The skin on his wrists was raw and bloody .
But suddenly , everything changed .
His hand moved with incredible speed , closing around my neck , squeezing me almost to the point of choking .
Its … its me … Your Highness … Valeria , I stammered , thinking he didnt recognize me , but as he strangled me with one hand , he lifted his fierce face toward mine .
His eyes were blood red , wolfish , like those of a wild animal , with massive fangs bared , capable of tearing my throat out in a second .
Fear , Overwhelming fear gripped me as 1 saw the raw fury in his gaze , completely devoid of compassion or humanity .
WHAT DID YOU DO TO ME , VALERIA ? !! YOU DRUGGED ME ! I TRUSTED YOU , AND YOU DRUGGED ME ! His guttural voice roared in my face .
We were only inches apart , and all I could do was shake my head as my hands grasped at his , desperate .
My vision blurred , and I felt I would lose consciousness any moment .
I … I didnt … Sir … I swear … I didnt … DE ALDRIC OUT OF CONTROL ONLY A WHAT YOU SERVED ME ! I ONLY EAT FROM YOUR HAND ! His hot breath hit my face with furious intensity .
I didnt know how to respond , and tears began to stream down my face .
I shook my head as much as I could , panicked , begging him .
But the pressure on my neck was unbearable , and I was on the verge of blacking out .
Just when I thought I would die , he suddenly released me .
1 collapsed onto the cold stone floor , clutching my neck , coughing violently as if my lungs would burst , my throat burning , struggling to catch my breath .
I had to escape .
I didnt know what was happening , but I wouldnt stay here to be killed ! Forcing myself to rise despite the pain , I summoned all my strength , trusting he was still chained .
But I was terribly wrong .
The sound of metal echoed behind me as the lantern fell , the flame extinguishing instantly , plunging us into darkness where the beast lurked and then it pounced on me .
The chains clanged as they scraped against the wall and stretched violently .
I fell back onto the stone floor , but now a massive body was pinning me down completely , naked , his burning , sweat soaked skin pressing against mine .
Trying to escape from me ? Its too late now .
Didnt you give me the aphrodisiac so I would fuck you ? Ill fulfill your desires , he whispered roughly into my ear , his voice dangerous , sharp , as his hands yanked at my long coat , leaving me only in my thin white nightgown .
No , no , Your Majesty , its not like that ! … Please … No … I tried to resist , but his rough hands slid my gown up over my hips , setting fire to my skin as they trailed from my waist up toward my breasts .
I didnt know what was happening to me I felt strange .
I should be fighting for my life .
But when he pressed his body harder against mine , growling with arousal , his claws tore through the delicate .
white fabric , his hands urgently cupping my breasts , a deep moan escaped my lips .
In the darkness , every sensation and desire intensified .
My sense of smell became sharper , and the intoxicating scent of wine tempted me into reckless thoughts .
I didnt know if his heat was affecting me , but between my legs , I began to feel damp .
Grrr … Sshh … Mmm … Valeria , he groaned against my neck , grinding his hips hard against my ass .
His massive cock rubbed up and down , and suddenly he grew impatient , tearing at my panties to remove them .
The fabric got stuck around my thighs as I tried to keep my legs tightly closed .
No … no , Your Majesty … ahh … He squeezed my breast , pinching my hard nipple , while below , his hot , hard shaft , already slick , slid erotically between my bare ass cheeks .
Gripping my hip possessively , he kept me pinned beneath him , his breath ragged and heavy against my back .
His dangerous fangs grazed my shoulder as his tongue licked and his sensual lips sucked , leaving marks on my skin .
DS .
ALDRIC OUT OF CONTROL His rough groping of my breasts stopped as I felt him shift lower , forcing my body to lift slightly off the ground .
###Chapter 9
I KNOW YOU WANT ME VALERIA Mmmm , I bit my lower lip to keep from moaning out loud when those sexy , long fingers began stroking my clit , right at the entrance of my pussy , teasing it deliciously making me shudder with pleasure and arch my back .
It had been so long since I last had sex , and the few times with Dorian , he would just penetrate me and be done with it no foreplay , no concern for my pleasure .
Nothing like the passionate , wild Lycan on top of me now .
Spread your legs wider .
Im going to mount you , he suddenly ordered with that voice that sounded more like an animal .
But his command was what snapped me back to my senses .
Especially when he shifted slightly and I felt him grab his hard cock , rubbing the wet tip between my closed thighs and against my ass , seeking the path to my dripping entrance .
Nn … no … I managed to pant between gasps , and I heard his annoyed snort .
A sharp but not painful tug at my hair forced my head back , my elbows trembling under the weight of my body .
Wasnt this what you wanted ? The same as all the others ? For me to fuck you ? he growled angrily , and his words were all I needed to break free from the bubble of wine and lust I had been trapped in .
NO ! I dont want this ! I answered firmly , all my heat vanishing in an instant .
I didnt drug you ! I dont want to have sex with you ! Please Your Majesty , come to your senses ! Liar ! I can smell your lust you want me , woman ! Your scent is driving me insane ! You cant fool me , Valeria .
Stop pretending and open your legs already ! he roared impatiently .
His hands touched me again , trying to return to where we had been moments before , but his own words had killed the moment .
This time , I fought back for real with everything I had , resisting and struggling to break free from his control .
Let me go ! Let me go now ! I dont want this ! I DONT WANT THIS ! I screamed wildly , thrashing beneath his powerful body , and suddenly , I felt him freeze .
I braced myself to be killed on the spot .
No one said no to King Aldric .
But the weight on my back lifted , and I heard the sound of chains dragging away .
Then leave , Valeria , the Kings voice sounded different this time , as if he had managed to regain some self- control .
Your Majesty , I didnt give you anything … I turned , trembling , clutching the torn nightgown with shaking hands and curling my legs to protect myself .
GET OUT OF HERE NOW , OR I WILL FUCK YOU WHETHER YOU WANT IT OR NOT ! His thunderous roar shook the walls , making my heart pound with terror .
I scrambled to my feet in a clumsy rush , stumbling , my legs weak like jelly , but I managed to run , racing up the stairs without daring to look back at the darkness where the most dangerous beast in this castle lurked .
I KNOW YOU WANT ME I reached his chamber but didnt stop running until I was in the dining room .
A fold in the rug , mixed with my clumsy steps and overwhelming fear , caused me to fall flat on my face .
I caught myself on my hands , barely avoiding smashing my scarred face against the floor .
My heart nearly jumped out of my chest when I heard the sound of shattering glass echoing from the direction Id just fled it seemed to come from his room .
I immediately turned around , thinking hed changed his mind and was coming after me , terror gripping my heart .
But then , something heavy splashed into the lake surrounding this part of the castle .
What just happened ? I got up and cautiously walked back to his room , where the night breeze was blowing in forcefully , as if the window was wide open .
But no it wasnt just open .
I stared in shock .
The glass was completely shattered , with traces of fresh blood smeared on the edges and the massive silhouette of the creature that had just leapt through it .
Olno ! The castle sat atop a steep hill its extremely high Did he really jump from here ? I ran to the broken window , nearly floor to ceiling , my dark hair whipping wildly in the cold wind .
The chill seeped deep into my bones , and then I saw him .
Emerging from the dark , freezing waters of the lake below A massive , towering Lycan , His entire three meter body covered in dark fur , his enormous muscles looking like steel , bulging , unstoppable .
He stood tall on his powerful hind legs and shook the water off his body .
It seemed he intended to head into the foggy , pitch dark forest surrounding the packs lands .
But then , suddenly , he turned back toward the castle and I could swear those blood red beastly eyes locked onto mine , piercing straight through me , making every part of my body tremble in fear .
Even from this distance , my teeth chattered uncontrollably .
He roared a furious , threatening sound .
His rage filled the night air , and I didnt even know why I was still alive .
And I wondered how long his mercy would last .
The Lycan King vanished into the dark mist .
He thought I had poisoned him with some aphrodisiac .
But if he only ate the food I had served him , it was obvious someone had taken advantage of my brief distraction to frame me .
I didnt know why he had left , but when he returned , even he believed I was innocent , he would surely want my head for my mistake just like that woman he had discarded at my feet on my first day here .
I gripped my tom nightgown so tightly my knuckles turned white .
I had to make a decision .
I KNOW YOU WANT ME Turning , I ran to my room , panic coursing through my veins .
I wouldnt stay here , waiting to die .
###Chapter 10
ATTACK IN THE FOREST VALERIA Its not like I have much to pack .
On the bed , I make a small bundle with a few old clothes youve donated to me and , most importantly , the money the King gave me .
Thats all I have to survive .
Shielded by the night and the darkness , I wander through the corridors , glancing around fearfully , clearly intending to escape .
I reach the kitchen and search for the back door obviously I wont risk leaving through the main entrance .
When I glance at the counter where the Kings meals are served , a surge of anger rises in my chest .
Why would they do something like this ? Who could be so cruel as to send an innocent woman to certain death ? The maid who helped the one who cut her hand is my main suspect the one who had the opportunity while I was distracted .
Perhaps both of them are working together .
I step out into the inner courtyard and run toward the gate where the carts with supplies and goods enter .
The forest welcomes me dark and menacing .
Its frightening , and I have no idea where to go now .
I think about shifting into my wolf form and simply running far from these lands .
However , fireworks echo in the distance , coming from the Backs lands , drawing my attention and deepening the Indecision in my chest .
I have nowhere to go .
Maybe theyre still searching for me out there .
And if not … what would I become ? Just a rogue without a pack , bait for any scum to abuse me or sell me as a slave to an even worse pack .
Maybe the housekeeper can help me give me another position if I explain everything to her properly .
Shes far more rational than the King I gamble everything on that decision and start following the stone path down the mountain toward the valley where the Golden Moon pack lies .
T Knock , knock , knock .
I knock repeatedly on the door of the house belonging to the housekeeper .
I had asked a woman , and she told me she lived here , yet the window was dark , and no one responded .
Could she be at the celebrations ? I thought about circling the house to be sure no one was home , but then , the angry voice of a man made me freeze .
Hey , you ! What are you doing snooping around someone elses house ? TO ATTACKIN THE FOREST I turned , startled , to see an intimidating warrior with two other men behind Sir , I I was just looking for Madam , the Kings housekeeper .
I work for her , I replied , trying not to sound too nervous or suspicious .
I know exactly who you are the Kings maid .
And Ive been looking for you .
The King has given orders .
Youre coming with us , he said , and panic gripped my heart .
W With you ? Where … ? Wherever we want to take you , traitor ! Dont think we dont know you tried to poison His Majesty .
Grab her ! No , no ! I didnt … wait ! Let go of me ! Aggh ! I groaned in pain as a brutal punch landed in my stomach , cutting me off and making me double over in agony .
Two of them seized me mercilessly by the arms , dragging me through the narrow back streets toward the forest .
Im innocent ! Please , let me speak to the housekeeper ! I can … I can explain- I tried pleading while stumbling through the trees , deeper and deeper into the darkness , far from the village .
I had no idea which direction we were heading .
No matter how hard I struggled and fought back , I was no match for two strong warriors .
Shut your mouth , or the next hit will be across your damn face ! barked the one who seemed to be their leader , marching ahead , Plenty of nerve to try and harm the King , huh ? But now youre just a pathetic mess ! Drop her here and search her !, He ordered , and I was thrown roughly to the ground .
I cried out as my body hit the hard earth covered in dead leaves , but I immediately tried to shift , desperate to escape .
Dont even think about running ! one of them snarled , pouncing on me , grabbing my hair roughly as he straddled my waist .
The other one pinned my wrists above my head , forcing me flat against the ground .
No matter how much I fought , I was completely overpowered .
Their rough hands groped me , rummaging through my clothes , and I felt sick as they grabbed my breasts and even forced their hands between my thighs , which I tried desperately to keep closed .
Boss , look what she had hidden between her tits , one of them sneered , pulling out the heavy leather pouch .
containing the money the King had given me .
Keep it ! Just let me go , please ! Ill leave your pack I swear ! Ill go and never look back ! I begged them , my eyes red with desperation , but I only saw the malice on their faces .
I knew nothing good would come of this .
Oh , well keep the money , ugly .
But dont think you can just leave that easily .
Didnt you want to fuck a man ? Guess youre in luck you have three now , sneered the one holding my wrists , gripping them so hard I felt like my bones might break .
No , no … let me go , you bastards ! Let me go ! HELP … HELP Despite their brutal slaps , I kept screaming until my throat burned , the metallic taste of blood filling my mouth .
from the blows .
But I couldnt stop I needed someone to hear me .
ATTACK IN THE FOREST But soon , my mouth was gagged with a cloth , and only muffled sobs escaped .
Finally shut the fuck up .
So damn annoying .
Should we start this shit or what ? the man on top of me asked the leader .
Do whatever you want with her .
Nice tits , but with that face so scarred , Im losing my appetite .
Get it over with- we cant be out here too long , the leader answered .
Horrified , I watched as the man straddling my waist shifted beginning to unbutton his pants while casually talking to the other behind me discussing how they were going to violate me , splitting my body between them as if I were nothing but a piece of meat .
They said Aldric had ordered this .
And something inside me shattered .
I would have preferred he killed me with his own hands rather than face this humiliation .
It must be true .
Only he knew about the aphrodisiac … unless they were working for whoever set me up in the first place .
But who could hold that much power to command three of the packs warriors ? Wait … hold up .
Im losing my hard on with all these scars .
Fuck , what an ugly face .
She couldve been a bit prettier , the one pinning me suddenly grumbled and then removed his shirt , tossing it over my face .
The stench of sweat and rot filled my nose , making my stomach turn with disgust .
The only monsters here were them .
I was blind in the darkness , making me feel even more vulnerable , more defenseless .
I struggled with all my strength as their hands pried my knees apart , forcing them open against my will .
BACK TO DANGER
###Chapter 11
BACK TO DANGER VALERIA Mmmmnnn ggrr , I growled , and tears of helplessness rolled down my cheeks .
I despised feeling so defenseless .
I hated this .
And a growing rage stirred deep within me as my legs were forcibly spread , sharp pain radiating through me while his fingers tore at my panties , trying to gain access to my most intimate place .
Everything started turning red- the same sensation I felt when I killed my ex .
A raven cawed from the treetops above , and my mind began slipping into darkness , surrendering to the fury building inside me .
Kill : Kill .
Kill .
It was the only thing I could think about now .
Aaahhh ! What the fuck ?! No , no , no … Aahaahhh ! Screams filled the air , pulling me from my trance , and the weight on my hips suddenly lifted .
My hands were released too , and I shot up , trembling , ripping that filthy shirt off my face and yanking the gag from my mouth .
Something warm splattered across my face .
I touched my lips , feeling the thick liquid that stained my scars .
In the darkness , I saw the fresh blood … and 1 could smell it in the air .
My head snapped up in time to see a clawed hand ripping through the chest of the man who had been about to violate me , bursting from his back.
His still beating heart was gripped tightly between those claws , crushed into nothing but pulp .
Terror flooded my veins as I scrambled backward on the forest floor , trembling , unable to tear my gaze away from the bloody scene in the clearing .
Wait ! Please , wait ! I can explain ! the warrior leader was now on his knees before a towering blond figure dressed entirely in black , looking like a messenger of death The other two corpses lay lifeless on the ground , massive liples torn through their chests , their hearts ripped out by a woman I had never seen before .
Speak.
Fast , the Lycan snarled , his voice sharp and commanding .
Under the pale moonlight filtering through the trees , I recognized him he was the Guardian who had once asked me for a towel .
This woman … we caught her trying to escape .
Look ! She stole from His Majesty and poisoned him ! We were only teaching her a lesson in the Kings name ! Liar ! Youre lying ! I snapped out of my daze , my voice hoarse and shaking with rage .
I was at the housekeepers home ! They kidnapped me and tried to violate me ! I didnt steal anything the King gave me that money ! 1 defended myself , my voice trembling with anger , but he kept accusing me .
BACK TO DANGER Both of you , SHUT UP ! The brunette woman beside the Lycan roared , silencing us .
1 bit down on my trembling lower lip , filled with fury and despair , biting back my words .
He was part of their pack .
Of course , they would believe him .
But the King knew I hadnt stolen anything … Yet it still wasnt clear if Aldric himself had ordered this out of revenge .
Were returning to the castle .
The Lycan King will decide .
But in this pack , we dont tolerate rape against women .
Youll pay for this , the Guardian threatened , glaring at the warrior , who only bowed his head in a fake show of remorse .
Move .
And for your own good , dont try anything , the Guardian warned coldly , and I nodded in silent cooperation .
Whatever fate awaited me , as always , I had no control over it .
We walked back in complete silence , a line of prisoners , our hands tightly bound behind our backs to prevent shifting .
My mind raced with thoughts of escape .
Returning to the castle could only end in tragedy .
I wasnt even sure anymore if seeking the housekeeper had been a good idea .
It was obvious I had tried to run away .
That alone made me look guilty .
I trusted no one .
We walked alongside a small ravine , the depths below dark and wild , the forest stretching endlessly beneath it .
Maybe … maybe I could survive if I threw myself off suddenly catching them off guard .
If the branches broke fall , I could run like hell , like a soul hunted by a Lycan .
It all seemed foolishly possible in my head .
My feet drifted clos made the decision for me .
to the edge , but I hesitated until someone The bastard behind me stuck out his combat boot , tripping me forward .
I stumbled right at the edge , and the loose earth gave way under my weight .
I was falling tumbling into the void, my balance lost , my bands still bound behind my back .
It was that feeling again … of falling into nothingness .
For just a heartbeat , my blue eyes met a pair of stunning golden ones as I fell .
Then the branches caught me , tearing at my skin , scratching , cutting marking my body even more .
I closed my eyes , screaming in pain as my back collided hard against a thick branch , knocking the air from my lungs .
my It was like a whirlwind , leaves and pain spinning all around me , until finally , I hit the ground with a brutal thud .
Blackness consumed my vision .
I dont know how I could be so stupid thinking I could escape like that .
Something warm trickled down my sore throat though , in truth , everything ached .
A large hand gripped the back of my neck , lifting me slighty .
A protective presence loomed over me as I lay on what felt ke a bed .
BACK TO DANGER My heavy eyelids cracked open , just barely , and I saw him .
He was close to my bruised face , patiently helping me drink a bitter brew with the scent of herbs … and blood .
He was so breathtakingly handsome , even with the danger he represented , that I couldnt help but stare at him- dazed , hypnotized .
Youre awake ? His deep voice asked , his warm breath brushing my skin as he pulled the cup away from my lips .
I tried to answer , my mouth parting but then my gaze shifted beyond him .
The door had creaked open at some point .
And standing there … was the fierce monster himself .
My body trembled instinctively , filled with fear .
What the hell is going on here ?! Why are you touching my maid ?!
###Chapter 12
THE KINGS JEALOUSY VALERIA I trembled as King Aldric appeared through the door , furious completely enraged .
I pulled away from the Lycan who had been tending to me , instinctively curling into the corner of my bed , shivering , clutching the sheets tightly against my chest as they could somehow shield me from his fury .
I was only giving her medicine , sir , the Lycan replied , standing and placing the brew on the bedside table before turning to face him .
You couldve ordered a maid for that .
I dont want you near her , Aldric growled , his voice rough and strange , like when he had been chained .
Fine .
I just wanted to help she was on the verge of death Theres much to discuss about that .
Now leave .
Call the housekeeper .
I want the entire staff gathered in the kitchen , he ordered , and the Guardian left , walking toward the door .
was still obvious he Lycans arent as submissive toward Aldric as the others , but the hierarchy between them was was the King , and he ruled over them all .
At the door , the Guardian turned slightly , glancing back at me .
Our eyes met , his brow furrowed , conflicting emotions on his face .
Anything else youve forgotten , Quinn ? No , sir , he responded and finally exited , closing the door behind him , leaving me alone with the furious beast who turned toward me , approaching the bed step by step .
His anger radiated off him , and I clenched my fists so tightly my knuckles went white .
S Sir ..
I didnt do it , please believe me , I pleaded , lowering my head .
His shadow loomed over me , as if devouring me whole , and the mattress dipped under his weight as he sat on the edge .
The bed was narrow no matter how much I pressed against the wall , his thigh still brushed against my legs .
So , if youre innocent , why did you run ? Were you seeking refuge ? Maybe with another Guardian ? He grabbed my chin , forcing me to look at him .
His steel gray eyes felt like blades slicing through my willpower , radiating danger .
His hand slid from my jaw down to my neck , closing around it , not squeezing but firm enough to terrify me .
N No … I … the housekeeper … My words crumbled as he leaned closer , and I felt death itself breathing down my neck .
A single squeeze , and Id be gone .
I couldnt even form words anymore .
My eyes squeezed shut in surrender .
I hated how easily I cowered under this mans presence .
Why ? His warm breath ghosted over my lips , his skin so close to mine as he trapped me in the corner .
Tell me , Valeria … why do you fear me so much , yet you dont fear him ? Isnt he a Lycan , too ? I didnt understand his question at first .
Was he talking about Quinn ? Comparing them … it was like comparing the heat of the sun to the frozen peaks of deadly mountains .
THE KINGS JEALOUSY Open your eyes .
Look at me .
If Ive treated you well , why do you always assume the worst of me ? Y Your Majesty- I hate when you call me that , he whispered , and finally , my heavy eyelids lifted .
My heart raced wildly as I found his masculine face mere inches from mine .
Didnt my scars disgust him ? His eyes swirled like storm clouds , a beast lurking beneath the surface .
I thought … I thought you wouldnt believe me .
You accused me of poisoning you .
In the dungeon … that man said you ordered me to be taken from the pack and … punished .
What ?! he roared suddenly , fury rippling through every word .
Dont tell me … dont tell me you actually believed that .
Do you truly think I would order someone to violate you ? To beat you ? Answer me , Valeria ! I swallowed hard , biting my lower lip to keep from answering because , yes , in my desperation , I had believed it .
They knew about the poisoning .
They knew everything .
And only you and I- And the person who set you up , obviously working with them ! he cut me off , dangerous and sharp .
He exhaled heavily , pinching the bridge of his nose as if trying to calm himself .
The truth will come to light .
But I want you to understand one thing very clearly if I decide to end your life , it will be by my hands , no one elses .
No one has the right to touch you .
Possessive .
He owned my life or my death .
The small bed creaked beneath his massive weight as he leaned even closer , completely invading my space .
His hand on my neck tightened just slightly , his chest brushing mine , his lips so close they hovered just beyond reach .
His wild red hair fell to his shoulders , damp from the lake , bis entire aura dark , controlling , and somehow .
dangerously enticing .
If I had wanted to kill you , I would have done it back there .
Do you really think Id send another man to touch what I havent even had yet ? he growled deeply , his voice low and rough .
I had to go hunting just to burn off the venom because the prey I truly wanted to devour left me aching with frustration , A blush crept over my skin as the memory of our wild exchange resurfaced when I had almost surrendered to the temptation of this powerful Lycan .
It was logical for me to distrust you at first .
I didnt even eat during the celebration .
I had to return here when the effects hit me and chain myself up .
His explanation made sense now .
With the countless obsessive maids he had dealt with before , he had every reason to be cautious .
I would never do something like that .
I would never poison you … especially not with an aphrodisiac , I insisted .
Someone set me up .
I realized that already .
You made it very clear that you didnt want to have sex with me .
You screamed it loud enough , Valeria , he said through clenched teeth , and honestly , I didnt know how to respond to that .
2/3 12 THE KINGS JEALOUSY He said nothing more , but his gaze lingered on my bruises or maybe my scars I wasnt sure .
But shame burned in my chest having him examine me this closely .
I tried to calm the frantic beating of my heart , certain he could hear it .
Finally , he pulled back slightly , and I exhaled the breath Id been holding , sitting up straighter on the bed .
I didnt understand his next move until he grabbed the medicine from the bedside table and brought it to my lips .
Drink , he commanded .
Y Your Majesty … Sir , you dont have to .
I can do it myself I protested , lifting my bandaged hands , trying to take the bowl from him .
I didnt see you resisting Quinn .
Should I call him back to give you the medicine instead ? His threat was so clear I shook my head immediately .
The cold porcelain pressed against my parted lips , and I sipped the bitter brew , expecting him to be rough , like everything else about him .
But to my surprise , he was patient careful , tilting the bowl gently with a surprising tenderness .
He even reached for a cloth and wiped the stray drops from the corner of my mouth with the same delicate care .
A strange warmth spread through my chest .
I told myself it was just the effect of the medicine ..
King Aldric … why are you such a complicated man ? His actions … I could never truly understand them .
I was on my way to the servants quarters .
Not on my own feet .
But cradled in the powerful arms of the Lycan King .
How did we end up like this ?
###Chapter 13
MY MAID IS NOT GUILTY VALERIA He simply carried me princess style from the bed , and no matter how much I told him I could walk on my own , it went in one ear and out the other .
Hold on tight , he ordered when I didnt know how to position myself against his solid chest .
Hesitantly , I raised my hands and wrapped them behind his strong neck .
Closer .
Am I that unpleasant to you ? He shot me a cold glare that could kill , and I shook my head frantically , like a doll with a loose spring My fingers laced behind his neck .
His powerful heartbeat echoed against my side , and I fought the urge to let my eyes wander over his masculine features .
That fiery red hair swirled and danced with his every step through the castle corridors and down the stairs , as if he carried no weight at all .
His skin felt so warm , and that intoxicating scent lingering hear my nose teased my senses .
Had he already controlled his rut ? Or would I soon have to drag more of his lovers out of the castle by their hair ? Dont be afraid , he said suddenly .
Point to whoever you think is guilty , Valeria .
We had stopped before the massive kitchen doors .
Fine … And you … what will you do to that person ? Ill kill them , of course , he replied without further explanation , kicking the door open as he stormed into the room where the entire staff was trembling , waiting The scent of fear filled the air , and tonight , more blood would be spilled .
Your Majesty , Ive gathered the entire kitchen staff as you ordered , the housekeeper immediately announced , approaching us .
She looked at me strangely , just like everyone else .
And honestly , I was embarrassed to still be in the Kings arms .
He walked to the side and set me down on a chair , grabbing another one to sit beside me , exuding such a deadly aura that even I felt its weight pressing down on me .
Now , Valeria .
Tell me every detail of what happened when you came for my dinner , he commanded , and I didnt hesitate to recount everything from the beginning .
When I reached the part about the maids , I looked directly at them .
Both had their heads lowered , fear clearly clutching their hearts .
Then , I went to the housekeepers home , but she wasnt there .
Those men claiming to be guards captured me .
Yes , they were low ranking warriors from the pack , responsible for patrolling the forests borders .
I identified them , and the one who survived confirmed it as well .
Suddenly , I froze in surprise , noticing the Lycan Quinn standing In the shadows , leaning against a pillar with his arms crossed over his chest .
MY MAID IS NOT GUILTY Sir , did he say who gave the orders ? I asked him respectfully , even in the dim light , his golden eyes were sharp and clear .
No.
He refused to confess , even under torture , Quinn replied , his gaze shifting toward the King beside me .
I assumed His Majesty Aldric had been the one to interrogate him .
And yet … he didnt break ? Was his accomplice really that important to him ? I turned my head slightly toward the King , only to freeze under the icy , accusing glare he was giving me .
What did I do now , Your Majesty?! I dropped my head immediately .
When Maid Valeria came to my house , Your Highness , I had stepped out for a moment .
Thats why she couldnt find me , the housekeeper defended her side of the story .
Fine .
Ill keep this brief .
You two are the main suspects .
You can speak now , or Ill drag you both to the dungeons , Aldric declared , pointing at the two maids .
They immediately collapsed to the floor , sobbing , swearing and pleading their innocence .
They insisted they had no access to His Majestys food , claiming it was only the cook , the housekeeper , and me who handled it .
Sir , if I may add I already searched their rooms and clothes .
There was nothing suspicious , the housekeeper interjected .
Please search my belongings too .
I dont want any doubts about my innocence , I added quickly , noticing the hidden suspicion in his eyes .
Thats not necessary , Aldrics sharp voice cut me off completely .
At that moment , the back door of the kitchen opened , and the woman who had ripped the hearts out of those ment in the forest walked in .
She looked powerful .
I wasnt sure what kind of wolf she was I had never seen a female Lycan before .
She greeted the King with respect and then handed a document to Guardian Quinn .
Sir , according to the packs records , that warrior was … the brother of your cook , Quinn stated after reading the report .
Bring her here .
NOW ! Aldric erupted in fury .
Yet … I still had doubts .
If the food had been laced with that aphrodisiac , why didnt I feel anything when I tasted it ? Thats why , to me , the two maids were the prime suspects .
Trose from my seat , limping slightly toward the royal kitchen staff .
Whats going on , Valeria ? the housekeeper asked , frowning as she approached me .
Something doesnt add up , maam .
I tasted the food the cook prepared and it didnt affect me at all , I explained , and she immediately unlocked the storage cablet .
We began searching for anything suspicious , even tasting leftovers .
Nothing seemed tainted with any aphrodisiac 13 MY MAID IS NOT GUILTY Let me help you .
1 froze when I heard that low , husky voice behind me , so close that his breath caressed the back of my neck .
Your Majesty … with all this space , why do you have to stand so close to me ?! I wanted to cry without tears but instead focused on steadying the trembling in my hands and keeping my mind on the search .
Theres a strange scent .
Faint , but I can detect it , he suddenly announced .
I watched as his hand reached out toward the silver serving trays used to cover the food .
Of course , when he leaned forward , his muscular chest pressed even closer against my back , trapping me between him and the counter .
I didnt dare move a single inch or worse , glance at the housekeeper , who stood awkwardly beside me .
It must be the rut still lingering in his body .
That had to explain why he was being so … clingy .
It smells like a foreign substance .
There are traces of blue powder here , he declared , flipping the tray reveal the concave underside the part that always remained above the food , out of sight .
The one spot I would have never thought to check .
###Chapter 14
GET IT NOW 14 IDONT WANT TO MISS YOU I DONT WANT TO MISS YOU VALERIA I couldnt even catch the scent he mentioned but of course , he was a far superior species .
How clever ….
Valeria tasted the food that wasnt poisoned , but when she covered it with the tray , that blue powder fell onto the food , the housekeeper summarized exactly what we were all thinking .
Maybe it activates with heat and blends with the foods aroma , making it impossible for His Majesty to detect .
Suddenly , loud commotion echoed from the back door , and the cook burst into the room , sobbing uncontrollably .
A massive man nearly dragged her in by the arm , shoving her to her knees on the cold tile .
I was a bit startled by his sheer size the tension in his bulging muscles made his arms look even bigger than Aldrics A dark beard , sharp electric blue eyes , and the fact that he was bald only made this Lycan appear even more savage .
I was certain … he was one of the Guardians .
Your Majesty , Ive been your cook for years ! How can you believe the accusations of this whore who only wants to get into your be- SHUT UP ! Aldric roared , and I could swear the entire castle trembled .
He stormed toward the woman like a furious wolf , grabbing her hair and dragging her outside , The fact that youve gotten away with this for years is what angers me most ! How many maids have you done this to ? Do you think playing with innocent lives is a joke ?! The growls , the womans desperate cries they echoed from outside the castle , growing fainter and fainter .
No one dared to speak .
No one moved .
The two suspected maids sobbed quietly , clinging to each other .
I jumped , startled , when the heavy silence was suddenly shattered by a chilling , high pitched scream womans scream cutting through the stormy night .
I felt eyes on me and turned toward the dark corner where Guardian Quinn still stood .
He was watching me closely .
a I hadnt had the chance to thank him yet for saving me from almost being violated , from the fall down the ravine , and for helping find the evidence .
The firm footsteps of the King echoed again , returning Everyone out .
The servants too ! he ordered , pointing toward the exit .
The scent of fresh blood clung to him .
Look carefully at what happens to traitors ! In your fucking lives , dont you ever dare mess with my maid again or the punishment you face will be far worse ! froze when he mentioned me .
Honestly .
I felt grateful deep down .
I DONT WANT TO MISS YOU King Aldric didnt need to pretend in front of me , nor deceive me like Dorian who had lied right to my face for his own gain .
I walked slowly , following the line of staff toward the door , already imagining the horrible sight awaiting us outside .
Valeria , return to your room ! Beof , come with me ! I raised my head at his command .
Thank you , Your Maj- He had already disappeared through the same door , taking the giant Lycan with him , leaving me with no chance to finish .
As rude as ever … this savage man , I thought but dared not let it show on my face .
Thank you , Housekeeper, I said softly to the woman .
Dont thank me .
You got lucky this time , Valeria .
But I think youve realized by now … you always need to stay on guard around the King , she warned with a stern expression .
Im sorry that happened near my home .
It seems you were being watched .
A chill ran down my spine at the thought of the cooks seemingly kind face and that someone had been stalking me in the shadows while I left the castle .
She was right .
If I wanted to keep my head on my shoulders , I couldnt afford to be so trusting anymore .
I walked through the hallway back toward my room , but as I turned a corner , I caught sight of Guardian Quinns back as he was leaving .
Sir , I dared to call out .
He stopped , turning to face me .
Thank you so much for your help .
If you hadnt arrived in the forest when you did … those men … well , you saw what happened , I murmured , my voice lowering even more as I stared at my boots .
You also saved me from the fall … I dont know how to repay you.
I bowed deeply , bending at the waist , my dark hair falling over my face .
Its fi fine .
You dont need to be so formal .
Stand up , he said gently .
I only did what was right .
Im sorry I didnt believe you in the first place .
No , no you dont have to apologize .
You didnt know me If you ever need my humble help in the future , you can ask , I offered , daring to glance up at him briefly before almost slapping myself .
What would a powerful Lycan ever need from someone like me ? Do you know how to sew ? he suddenly asked , surprising me .
Y Yes , I replied , confused .
Then I might bother you for some repairs .
I have a few roles Im fond of , but theyre torn , and I dont want to get rid of them .
He smiled then so bright and warm that I couldnt help but smile back like a complete fool .
14 I DONT WANT TO MISS YOU Of course , you can count on me , I assured him .
Good , Valeria .
Ill bring them to you later .
But … b but to my room , not His Majestys , I added quickly , a bit scared .
If that possessive man found out I was handling another Guardians clothes , he might strangle me with the fabric .
Itll be our secret , Quinn replied , pressing a finger to his lips before walking away .
I stayed there for a moment , watching him go , feeling strangely … at ease .
Despite being a Lycan too , the difference between their personalities was painfully obvious .
Compared to a certain ferocious wolf I knew .
Suddenly , something behind me made the hair on my neck stand on end .
No … dont tell me Ive been caught again .
Goddess , please , no … But when I turned around , bracing myself to face that possessive glare … I only found an empty , dark corridor so dark it felt like the maw of a beast .
But I could feel it The shadows were my allies , and right now , someone was watching me from within them .
I didnt stay to find out who .
This castle was becoming more terrifying by the day .
Thurried to my tiny room , but as I passed one of the windows , I glanced outside toward the castle walls and I covered my mouth in horror .
The metal spikes protruding from the high stone wall were dripping with blood .
One held the cooks head her features twisted in agony , frozen in the moment of her brutal death .
Beside her , the limbless torso of that damned warrior , his genitals gone , and the thick iron pike impaling his body … through the back .
It made me sick to my stomach .
I turned away , nauseous at the barbaric scene but reminded that my head could have been there instead- displayed as a warning .
I walked away quickly , foolishly believing my days would return to normal .
That Id simply serve King Aldric in his castle .
But about a week later … Valeria , pack lightly just a spare change of clothes .
Youre coming with me to inspect a pack , he said bluntly one morning as he ate his usual massive breakfast .
M Me ? I pointed at myself , confused .
Is there another Valeria here ? he muttered , lifting those harp gray eyes from the mountain of meat on his plate , raising a brow , 14 I DONT WANT TO MISS YOU N No , Your Majesty … I just … why would you want someone so weak to accompany you ? My courage or stupidity was definitely growing stronger each day .
Because I might be away longer this time .
And I need you with me , he answered and returned to eating .
I assumed he needed someone to care for his belongings and clothes , so I nodded in silence .
Tuming , I walked toward my usual corner to wait for him .
Besides … I wont be able to focus knowing youre here alone .
With that dangerous jackal lurking around .
What jackal ? Are there jackals in the packs forest ? I said nothing , standing silently in my place as usual .
I dont want you to miss me , so Im taking you with me , he added so casually and continued his meal .
Peeking from behind my bangs , I blinked at him in disbelief Who said I was going to miss you , Your Majesty ?! And so … I found myself dragged into this crazy , dangerous adventure thanks to this possessive , dominant Lycan .
###Chapter 15
ARRIVING TO THE PACK VALERIA The Kings carriage was spacious and comfortable , lined with soft red and black velvet .
We had left the castle that morning , traveling along winding roads toward a distant pack .
As soon as we emerged from the dark mist surrounding the forest , I tensed slightly , nervously watching out the window .
It was absurd to think they might still be hunting me outside the Golden Moon pack .
Maybe they didnt even realize I was still alive .
His Majesty sat across from me , absorbed in reading several manuscripts , fully focused on his task .
He wasnt a man of many words , and the trip was quickly becoming dull .
At some point , I closed my eyes , but a sudden jolt of the carriage startled me awake .
A comforting warmth was pressed against my side my head resting on a broad , muscular shoulder .
Im so sorry , Your Majesty ! I shot up , stiff as a board , realizing I had been sleeping against the King Wasnt he supposed to be sitting across from me ? Why are you apologizing this time ? For breathing ? Or for drooling on my shirt ? he asked sarcastically , tilting his head to glance down at me .
My eyes immediately searched for any stain on the dark fabric , but it seemed His Highness had also learned how to mess with me .
Go back to sleep , Valeria .
We still have a long way to go , he muttered , his rough hand settling on my hair , gently pushing me back against his shoulder .
The journey continued , mile after mile .
Outside , the temperature was freezing , but nestled between the carriage wall and Aldrics massive body , his protective warmth surrounded me , and I eventually drifted off to sleep again .
When I stirred much later , still half drowsy , I realized the carriage had stopped and I was alone .
Voices echoed from outside .
Blinking the sleep from my eyes , I noticed the Kings heavy cloak draped over me , almost covering me from head to toe .
Carefully , I folded it , fixing my messy hair before peeking out the window .
Youre awake ? his deep voice cut into my thoughts , suddenly filling my view : Come .
Get down .
Were staying here for the night .
I nodded , pulling on my own dark cloak , which shielded my face somewhat from view .
I hated how people stared at me like I was some kind of freak Looking around , I realized we were inside a courtyard .
There was a stable in the back and , ahead , an old wooden and stone building with several floors .
Stay close to me , Valeria .
Always .
Dont stray , he ordered firmly short , precise commands I obeyed without ARRIVING TO THE PACK question .
I followed the King and the coachman as we left through the gate and rounded the front of the inn .
Sunrise Inn , the sign read above the door .
Aldric gestured for me to enter before him .
We were immediately greeted by a cozy hall filled with tables where people were eating , while the innkeeper stood behind a long counter on the side .
We headed straight for the counter , all eyes turning toward us .
It was impossible to go unnoticed with a towering figure like him beside me .
Few had ever seen King Aldric in person .
There were plenty of exaggerated rumors about him , but the wolves in the room could clearly sense his power .
They recognized a Lycan when they were in the presence of one .
Lycans were rare but the Guardians and the King werent the only ones in the kingdorn .
I need three adjacent rooms , Aldric demanded in his usual blunt tone .
I … Im sorry , Your Excellency , but I dont have three rooms available .
Only two and theyre … separate , the thin innkeeper stammered , visibly shaking with fear .
Is there another inn in this pack ? Aldric asked , his brow furrowing in annoyance .
N No , Excellency .
But if you wait until tomorrow , perhaps- Im not traveling back to return tomorrow .
Give me the two rooms , Aldric interrupted , his voice sharp enough to make the poor man flinch .
I almost felt sorry for the innkeeper .
But I should have been worrying about myself because clearly , I was going to be the most affected by this .
Valeria , youll share a room with me .
The coachman will take the other , he stated , turning to face me with a disturbingly calm expression .
What ?! I wanted to scream in frustration .
Is there a problem ? He raised a brow , noticing my obvious discomfort .
S Sir , I think its … a bit irrational for us to share a room .
You might feel uncomfortable- Would you rather sleep with the coachman , then ? No ! I blurted instantly , shooting a sideways glance at the poor coachman , who was watching me with a silent plea , clearly terrified .
L..I could sleep .- in- Where could I sleep ? S Sir , I can stay in the stable … with the horses- Did I ask for your opinion ? Aldric snapped , turning toward the coachman like a predator .
The man nearly wet himself on the spot .
ARRIVING TO THE PACK We were stuck , and the growing tension was drawing attention .
So , as usual , I gave in to the whims of t insufferable man Ill stay with you , sir , I muttered , seething with frustration .
If my hands were strong enough to wrap around his thick neck , I would have strangled him right then and there .
The innkeeper looked relieved as he hurriedly handed over the keys , eager to get rid of us .
But before we could leave , the front door burst open .
A tall , burly man with chestnut hair rushed inside , pale faced , wiping sweat from his forehead with his arm .
The moment his eyes landed on Aldric , his face drained of all color , and he approached cautiously , bowing with reverence .
###Chapter 17
FALLING INTO TEMPTATION VALERIA Y Your Ma Dont even think about it , Aldric snapped , his voice sharp , and the mans lips clamped shut as if glued together .
I had noticed he preferred to keep a low profile , avoiding the mention of his title whenever possible .
The newcomer remained frozen in the middle of the room while the guests at the tables avoided direct eye contact with us yet it was obvious they were all eavesdropping on the drama .
Valeria , go to the room , his deep voice ordered , and I nodded , watching him head toward the exit with that wolf who , despite his submissive demeanor , definitely seemed like an Alpha .
I climbed the creaking old stairs up to the third and final floor while the coachman fetched the luggage .
The narrow hallway led to the so called largest room available , as indicated by the number on the key .
Youve got to be kidding me , I muttered , on the verge of pulling my hair out .
Im screwed .
Sighing , I removed my cloak and glanced around .
A tiny bed was shoved against the wall , and across from it stood a glass paned door leading to a small balcony .
A folding screen separated the sleeping area from a rustic wooden tub .
With just the King alone , this room was already cramped let alone with both of us .
Am I supposed to sleep in the bathtub ? Resigned , I approached the balcony door and opened it , gazing out at the distant , ancient pack .
Small wooden houses with tall chimneys lined the valley , smoke rising into the sky .
Mountains surrounded us on all sides , enclosing the settlement like a forgotten memory .
For some reason , it reminded me of my original pack the place where I was born and where my parents had died that tragic day .
A day so confusing … so painful .
Is sharing a room with me that awful ? You look like someone just died .
That rough , deep voice whispered suddenly at my ear , making me tense and pulling me from my thoughts .
Y Your Majesty … you wont have any privacy or space- Stop calling me that , he corrected , though he didnt move an inch away , his warm breath fanning against my neck I can decide for myself whether Im uncomfortable or not Besides , why does it bother you so much ? Are you afraid Ill take advantage of you tonight ? His voice was husky , seductive even but to me , it felt like cruel joke .
Why would the King bother with his ugly maid when he could have any beautiful woman in his bed ? The words came out more bitter than I had intended , my gaze dropping to the floor .
25 LONUS 16 FALLING INTO TEMPTATION In a flash , a strong hand seized my waist , spinning me around to face him .
My breath caught .
Pressed firmly against his chest , there wasnt a sliver of space between us .
His hand gripped the back of my neck , tilting my head upward , forcing me to meet those icy , moon gray eyes .
Dont ever call yourself ugly or worthless in my presence again , he growled , threateningly .
Anyone who dares insult you like that … Ill rip their throat out.
His thumb traced my cheek , brushing gently over the jagged scars .
Rough yet tender .
Harsh but gentle .
Everything about Aldric was so … confusing .
For some reason , I felt the sting of tears , remembering the brutal way I had been marked how my baby had been torn from my body .
S Sir … I choked , a lump forming in my throat .
My eyes burned , but I refused to cry .
Not in front of him .
Not in front of anyone Tell me one thing .
I never dared to ask … because its your private life .
But I cant hold it in any longer , Valeria , he whispered , the heat of his breath grazing my lips .
The bastard who did this to you who hurt you so cruelly is he alive or dead ? A deadly rage radiated from his entire body , palpable and suffocating Dead , I replied without hesitation , keeping the details to myself .
I had killed him with my own hands .
I had ended him .
What a shame , he muttered through clenched teeth .
Because right now , I wish he was still alive .
I instantly recalled the gruesome scene at the castle walls .
Perhaps Dorian had died too easily … too quickly .
Youre completely wrong , Valeria , he continued , his voice dropping lower as his face drew closer to mine .
You shouldnt feel so safe around me .
Any male would kill to bury himself deep inside you to touch you , to scent you , to lick your delicious pussy … to kiss these sexy , plump lips .
It was as if he were barely restraining himself from doing all the sinful things he described .
Heat stirred low in my belly .
The intoxicating tension the way hits stormy eyes darkened with raw desire was overwhelming .
His breath mingled with mine , and the tip of his thumb grazed my lower lip , parting it slightly , teasing me open for him .
What was I supposed to do in a situation like this ? 16 FALLING INTO TEMPTATION Why was he acting this way ? Despite his dominating control ….
I could resist him .
His hand gripped my neck , while his other slid dangerously low his palm splayed over my waist , just shy of my hips , pressing me closer to the hard length straining against his clothes .
I could say no .
Like in the dungeon , I could reject him again .
Yet with our breaths tangled , sparks crackling in the charged space between us … I did the stupidest thing of all .
I closed my eyes , parted my lips slightly … Waiting wanting to taste that smoky , addictive flavor of his kiss .
To get lost .
Just for a moment .
The brush of his lips barely touched mine , soft yet searing , and I was already surrendering already melting into him .
But then … No.
This is a mistake , he whispered hoarsely .
And just like that , he pulled away abruptly leaving me completely humiliated .
I DONT WANT TO !!! VALERIA I never thought Id feel this kind of humiliation again practically begging a man for something intimate only to be completely rejected .
Im sorry , I … I lowered my head , trying to hide the sting of disappointment and shame .
Stop apologizing for every little thing .
Its my fault .
No one elses , he said , exasperated .
I dared to lift my eyes just enough to watch him turn away , his back to me as he ran a hand roughly through his hair , visibly frustrated , as if he were battling something inside himself .
Take a bath and change your clothes .
Were having lunch at the Alphas residence .
Ill come back for you later , he ordered bluntly without even looking at me , then stormed out the door .
Why do I feel so hurt and disappointed ? He was the one who started all this .
What did I do wrong ? What the hell were you expecting , idiot ? I scolded myself bitterly .
I was angry for giving in so easily .
For breaking the one rule I had set for myself .
Never make the mistake of falling for King Aldric .
To him , all women are disposable toys for a single night .
Maybe he was just bored , toying with the scarred freak to see how fast Id crumble .
Or perhaps it was revenge for rejecting him in the dungeon .
Whatever the reason , it served as a brutal reminder to get my priorities straight .
Id already had my heart shattered once I wouldnt let it happen again .
ALDRIC I left the inn like a damn coward .
Thats what I was .
I had teased her , whispered filthy words in her ear , consumed by my uncontrollable urges only to back away like a fucking bastard .
I wandered through the narrow streets , heading straight for the forest .
I needed to shift to unleash my beast , to fight something wild and dangerous .
Anything to burn off this frustration … Anything to forget those heartbroken eyes .
What the hell is happening to me with Valeria ? Why , from the moment I caught that bitter chocolate scent , havent I been able to stop fantasizing about devouring her ? Deeper into the woods , I embraced the savage side of my nature , yearning to shed my human skin once more .
I stripped my clothes , stashing them under a bush , and let the transformation take hold .
I DONT WANT TOILE My muscles expanded grotesquely , bones twisting , lengthening , the pain both agonizing and exhilarating .
Dark fur spread over my skin as I shifted into the beast in the most powerful Lycan alive .
And yet , the most wretchedly alone .
fill No matter how many women warmed my bed , none could l the void gnawing at my chest .
But for the first time in centuries ….
I was afraid .
Because I could feel it changing .
This thing inside me this gnawing hunger was tied to her .
My claws dug into my chest where that unbearable pressure was rising again ….
That primal desire to claim her .
To protect her .
To own her .
The first time I felt it was when I had her moaning beneath my body , caressing her skin and touching her hot .
femininity , where Im dying to thrust into her like an animal in heat and come , knotting deep inside her .
NO ! NO ! NO ! I roared into the void of my mind , sprinting faster through the forest , desperate to shake the violent urges burning in my veins .
I WONT LET YOU OUT ! I dont care if shes your fucking mate I refuse to acknowledge it ! Do you hear me ?! I DONT WANT HER ! I knew he was listening .
The other half of me .
The beast I had chained , caged , and shackled for years .
But it was too powerful , too persistent , battling me for control .
Now , more than ever , we were at war .
But I wouldnt lose .
I couldnt lose .
I had felt pain before .
That unbearable agony of losing everything .
I would never let it happen again .
Especially not if Valeria … Not if she was what I feared she might be .
I returned hours later , late for lunch I had been unable to regain control any sooner .
The moment I stepped into the room , I sensed her change demeanor .
Cold .
Distant DONT WANT TOUL She was putting more barriers between us far worse than when we had first met , when all she felt was fear .
Now ? Now , she was closing herself off .
Ive prepared your bath , sir .
The clothes are laid out on the bed .
Ill be waiting downstairs , she said stiffly , her gaze lowered .
She left without even sparing me a glance .
Not even brushing past me like she used to now she kept as much space between us as possible .
The urge to reach out and stop her , to pull her into my arms and kiss her , to apologize- It was suffocating .
Valeria … Her name escaped my lips , and she froze , still facing the door with her back to me .
What the hell do I even say after screwing things up this badly ? She probably hates me now thinks I was only toying with her like the countless other women Ive used to satisfy my lust .
… Tell the coachman he wont be necessary today , I muttered instead , clenching my fists so tightly my knuckles whitened .
Must I attend , sir ? Id prefer to stay behind , she replied softly .
The first time she had ever resisted my commands , Youre coming with me .
I wont leave you here alone , I growled , my jaw clenching hard enough to ache .
Without another word , she nodded and walked away , leaving a bitter taste in my mouth .
What the hell am I even doing anymore ?
###Chapter 18
THE LAW OF ICE ALDRIC I should push her away completely distance her from me for good .
But the very thought makes every fiber of my being roar in protest .
Valeria clearly carries secrets and a painful past .
She deserves a good werewolf .
Someone who can love her unconditionally .
Not a Lycan .
Not even Quinn , who seems to have taken some interest in her .
I wont allow it .
Hes not worthy of my little she wolf .
No one is .
All Lycans carry violence and darkness within them the curse of destroying what we love most .
And Valeria will be no exception .
Ill end up breaking her into pieces with my own hands .
VALERIA We headed toward the Alphas house , walking through half empty streets .
This pack felt gloomy and damp .
No one spoke much , and the few who dared glance our way did so with suspicion and fear .
I walked beside the King .
I should be trailing behind him like a servant , but he had ordered me to stay at his side , as if I were his equal , Once , that might have stirred something in me .
Now , it made no difference .
I was just a maid .
My job wasnt to question his behavior it was to serve and obey .
Your Highness , please , come into my humble home .
Weve been expecting you .
The chestnut haired man who had barged into the inn earlier greeted us with a bow as we reached a modest two- story house at the end of the street .
As I suspected , he was the Alpha of this pack .
This is my wife , Clara , and my daughter , Adele , he introduced , motioning to the two timid blonde women standing behind him .
Your Majesty , you should have stayed in my home .
If I had known you were coming- THE LAW OF ICE Im fine at the inn .
Besides , if you truly wanted me in your pack , you would have summoned me properly .
Wouldnt you ? Aldrics words sliced through him like a blade .
The Alpha barely managed a stammered response .
Without waiting for more apologies , Aldric moved past him , heading straight to the dining area for a meal that was now closer to dinner than lunch .
I remained standing in the corner of the room , quietly observing .
What are you doing ? Aldrics voice suddenly cut through the room , his sharp gaze fixed on me .
Im waiting … in case you need me .
What I need is for you to sit down and eat , he snapped , voice heavy with irritation .
I bit my lip , meeting his piercing eyes , summoning what little courage I had left .
Sir , servants dont dine with their masters .
Besides , I already ate at the inn while you were Im only going to say this once more , Valeria .
Sit .
At .
The Damn .
Table .
I hate being lied to .
Now do as you His commanding voice rattled the very walls , and the entire family trembled in fear .
My body locked up .
And my stupid mind screamed , Rebel , rebel , rebel ! like it had finally given up on self preservation .
But I wasnt stupid enough to test him .
Not today .
So , reluctantly , I stepped closer to the table , sitting in the chair he pulled out for me .
I subtly shifted my seat further from his , determined not to let our arms brush- And I swore I heard a low , warning growl from his chest .
So , Alpha Edward , Aldric began , his voice calm yet icy .
re told ! Why was an ancient relic stolen from your pack , and you neither reported it nor requested assistance ? I had to hear about it from a temple monk during the festival .
The tension in the room thickened as he spoke .
Without a word , he took my untouched plate and began sliding the steak , cutting it into neat pieces before placing it back in front of me .
Ill eat it .
But if he thinks this impresses me , hes sorely mistaken .
Y Your Majesty , I didnt want to trouble you with an issue I thought my warriors could handle .
I assumed it was just a few forest bandits And did you retrieve what was stolen ? N No , Your Majesty .
I failed .
I am an incompetent Alpha the man confessed , lowering his head in submission .
THE LAW OF ICE Perhaps he thought Aldric would soften .
But he knew nothing of the Lycan King .
Aldric doesnt forgive stupidity .
I could already tell youre incompetent .
Thats why Ill be staying in your pack for a few days to investigate personally- BANG ! A loud crash interrupted him as a metal tray slipped from the trembling hands of the Alphas wife , clattering loudly onto the floor .
Fortunately , it was empty .
Y Your Majesty , please forgive me ! It was an accident ! Were all just so distressed … My husband has been searching tirelessly for those criminals , she pleaded , attempting to ease the rising tension .
Across from me , the Alphas daughter offered a shy , nervous smile when our gazes met .
I returned it out of basic politeness .
But no matter how polite the gestures were This was , by far , the most uncomfortable meal of my life .
I could barely swallow the steak , and all I wanted was to get out of there .
When Aldric finally released me from my punishment at the table , I practically fled to the porch , desperate for fresh air while he continued a private conversation with the Alpha in his study .
Are all meals with the King always this … life or death ? A soft female voice whispered near me .
###Chapter 19
THE ALTAR OF THE GODDESS VALERIA I glanced to the side , noticing the Alphas daughter had also stepped outside .
Well , His Majesty takes protecting his pack very seriously , I replied with my best loyal and diplomatic servant voice .
She started chatting with me casually , young and carefree .
Excitedly , she talked about a night market held in the town square , where they sold local specialties .
The fact that she wasnt staring at me strangely or treating me differently because of my scars earned her a point in my favor .
It sounds really interesting .
Id love to go , but I cant leave His Majestys side .
Im sorry You can go with her if you want , Aldrics voice rumbled behind me .
Ill be tied up here for a while .
You can explore the market but dont go too far .
Ill catch up with you both soon .
I turned to see him digging into his pocket , already guessing what he was about to do .
Thank you , sir , I replied quickly , practically dragging the girl away with me to escape .
Wait , Valeria .
He caught my arm , stopping me and forcing me to face him , Take this .
Buy whatever you want .
I dont care if you spend it all I brought more .
He tried pressing the heavy pouch of coins into my hand , but I pulled back , clutching it to my chest .
I have my own money , Your Majesty my wages .
Ill pay for my personal things .
If you need me to buy something for you … No , its for you .
Buy dresses , makeup … I dont know , whatever you like , he insisted , stepping closer , still holding out the pouch .
Its not necessary , King Lycan .
I already received my payment this month for my service as a maid .
I refused outright , full of defiance .
Before he could react , I walked away , leaving him standing on the porch .
His burning gaze lingered on my back , but I straightened it with pride .
Im just your servant , King Aldric .
Stop confusing me with your mixed signals , I snapped silently to myself .
With all this rebellion , will I even make it to tomorrow with my head still on my shoulders ? I wondered , half joking , having no idea of the stormy night awaiting me or the dangers I would soon face .
Look , Valeria ! These bracelets are so pretty ! Adele practically dragged me from stall to stall around the market .
At last , this gloomy pack seemed to show some life .
Paper lanterns floated overhead , casting a warm glow across the bustling square .
# 25 BONUS THE ALTAR OF THE GODDESS I got distracted examining some medicinal creams .
I hadn given up hope of finding a miracle that could help speed up my healing .
But when I turned back around Adele was gone .
I scanned the crowd , finally spotting her near the end of the square .
She was speaking to someone in the shadows of a dark alley The moment they noticed me watching , the figure slipped away into the darkness , and Adele returned .
Her face looked different .
Even though she tried to smile , something was clearly bothering her .
Im so sorry , Valeria … Something came up with my mate .
My parents dont really approve of him .
She sounded distressed .
I need to go for a little while , okay ? Of course , I told her it wasnt a problem .
It was obvious she had used me as an excuse to leave the house and meet him secretly .
I watched her disappear into that same dark alley and returned to the market , but I couldnt focus anymore .
A raven cawed loudly above me , circling in the night sky .
I looked up thoughtfully .
I didnt know why , but I felt strangely connected to those birds like they had saved me more than once .
Now , something was calling to me , stirring in the depths of this pack .
My heartbeat quickened as the ravens cries grew louder , guiding me as it flew in a specific direction .
I followed it without thinking drawn by a powerful instinct .
Through narrow streets , into the shadows of old houses , I emerged into the wild forest beyond the town .
The voice whispered softly in my mind : Come to me , my daughter … Come to me .
I reached a clearing with ancient stone ruins , a place that felt sacred like an abandoned temple to the Moon Goddess .
At the center , beneath a massive weeping willow , stood a stone altar .
Moss covered the cracks in the ancient rock , yet intricate carvings were still visible , and above the cube shaped altar , a crescent moon was sculpted with the delicate face of a woman etched along its inner curve .
The power radiating from the monument was undeniable mystical and intense .
A strange , addictive scent filled the air .
Something about this place felt … familiar .
Memories tried to surface , flashes of another temple like this one .
Could this be where the stolen artifacts came from ? THE ALTAR OF THE GODDESS The raven perched atop the stone moon , watching me closely .
1 stepped forward , climbing the worn steps , brushing aside ivy and inoss until I revealed something beneath .
Symbols .
What I had first thought were just decorative patterns were actually letters .
An ancient script , carved deep into the stone.- It was confusing , but I felt like I was starting to understand I leaned in closer , drawn to decipher the meaning , desperate to see what it said … Can you read whats written there ? A voice broke the silence behind me , making me jump .
Adele .
She had appeared out of nowhere , staring at me with wide , curious eyes too curious .
Why did she seem so interested in whether I could read these symbols ? Couldnt she see them too ? The raven cawed again , taking flight as my unease grew stronger .
L … I dont know what you mean .
They just look like strange decorations to me , I lied , my instincts screaming that my survival depended on it .
Now I just needed her to believe me .
###Chapter 20
20 BETRAYAL AND PARKNESS BETRAYAL AND DARKNESS VALERIA Really ? I thought I heard you murmuring something , she approached me with suspicion .
No , I was just thinking out loud .
Did you manage to sort things out with your boyfriend ? I descended the steps and found her sitting on the last one , suddenly bursting into tears .
Between sobs , she confessed her struggles with her mate and her parents being the Alphas daughter wasnt easy Dont be like that .
Theres got to be a solution .
Dont you have anyone who supports you ? Maybe a sister ? No ! Why are you asking me if I have a sister?! she snapped , lifting her gaze defensively .
I mean … Sorry , I didnt mean to be rude .
All of this has me really nervous .
And no , I dont have a sister or anyone else .
I nodded , though her reaction felt strangely defensive for such a simple question .
Oh no , its way too late ! My parents will kill me , and the King must be furious searching for you ! Lets go , lets go now ! She shifted from distress to panic , grabbing my hand and practically dragging me back toward the woods at a near Wait this isnt the way I came from , I protested , slowing my steps as I noticed we were heading in the opposite direction , This is a shortcut ! I came this way , she insisted , but she kept pushing forward through the dark underbrush .
I stumbled several times over roots due to the poor lighting and the speed we were moving .
Something felt wrong For starters how did she know I was at the Goddesss altar ? The pieces werent fitting together , and as I looked up , I spotted a raven flying overhead , weaving between the branches .
Its caw was sharp nothing like when it guided me to the temple before .
It felt more like a warning .
Stop .
Wait a minute … I said stop ! I yanked my arm back , halting in a clearing where the trees thinned .
What is it now ? she turned , clearly frustrated .
Where are you taking me ? This isnt the way back to the pack , is it ? I feel like were heading somewhere else .
I stared at her , alert , scanning the area around me and already planning my escape .
Why would I take you somewhere else ? Stop with the paranoia ! Come on , I dont have time for your nonsense ! She reached for me again , but I stepped back .
Frustration and irritation flashed across her face .
I had already seen betrayal up close and it was obvious this girl was leading me into danger .
20 BETRAYAL AND DARKNES Without thinking twice , I shifted into my small wolf form and bolted into the dark forest .
The moonlight barely filtered through the thick foliage , offering minimal visibility , yet I ran blindly , hoping the shadows would conceal me .
The ravens I need to find them .
I focused on the thought , praying they would guide me back to Aldric .
But the sound of paws behind me made my heart race faster She was chasing me .
1 focused entirely on escaping , leaping over roots , pushing through thorny bushes despite the sharp stings on my legs .
But Adele was stronger .
The daughter of an Alpha .
She caught up quickly , and before I knew it , her jaws sank painfully into my hind leg .
Aaaggt ! I howled as she dragged me back with force , slamming my body hard against a tree .
1 whimpered , feeling my spine crack dangerously .
You just had to resist , huh ? Damn it ! All you had to do was follow me and stop making things complicated ! The gray she wolf snarled from a few feet away .
Why are you doing this ? What do you want from me ? 1 demanded , struggling to get back on my feet .
I had always found it strange that , despite my weaknesses , could hear wolves in my mind and respond to their pack messages .
You need to come with me … Its where the relic the King is looking for is kept .
You can retrieve it and be a hero ! she spat , lying poorly .
I dont want to be a hero ! If you know where it is , go get it yourself ! I finally stood , snapping back with anger and preparing to run again .
But she lunged at me .
Of course , I fought back like a wild animal .
I wasnt going to let myself be captured .
We rolled through the grass , her claws raking my sides while I bit down hard on her fur , raking her body with my own claws .
But once again , she overpowered me .
I found myself pinned against a tree , belly up , her massive form pressing on my chest with a paw digging into my throat , cutting off my air .
I hated how small and weak this wolf form of mine was .
It was the only shape I could shift into fragile and helpless .
They never said you had to arrive in one piece anyway ! 2/3 20 BETRAYAL AND DARKNESSY Her furious thoughts echoed in my mind as she bared her teeth , saliva dripping onto my fur .
She was going for my throat .
If they wanted me alive , she was doing a terrible job showing it .
I struggled desperately , baring my own canines , twisting to snap at her .
Pain radiated from my neck where her claws dug in , but just as I thought she would end me Adele froze .
Her head snapped up , her eyes shifting from bloodthirsty red to sheer panic .
I felt her entire body trembling , her paw loosening against my throat .
What could possibly terrify her so much ? My pulse raced faster when I noticed she wasnt even looking at me anymore but past me .
Something behind the tree .
Something I couldnt see .
Her whole body trembled as she backed away , growling weakly .
She hesitated for a moment , glancing from me to whatever loomed in the shadows then bolted , vanishing int the darkness like a spirit fleeing a demon .
And I had the sinking feeling that a demon was exactly what was behind me .
When I finally managed to push myself upright , turning shakily- The massive black shadow towering over me wasnt just darkness .
It was something else .
Something that made every hair on my body stand on end .
Tonight , it truly felt like my last .
###Chapter 21
WHAT IS THAT MAIDEN ?! VALERIA I had only ever heard of them in childrens horror stories .
They were almost impossible to find , and nearly no one had survived after seeing them .
Beings of pure dark energy and evil rotting , murderous magic .
Its red eyes , like two deep abysses filled with flames , stare at me from that shapeless face , making me tremble in fear .
Its body was made of a black mist , with long , dangling strands that hung from every part of it as it advanced toward me .
Its arms were far too long , disproportionate , with massive , razor sharp claws that could slice me clean through .
I crawled backward , dragging myself across the ground .
I couldnt feel my legs .
My heart was pounding so fast I thought it would stop at any moment .
I tried to get up multiple times , failing each attempt .
It loomed over me , and through the darkness , I saw with terror as it opened a wide mouth filled with crooked teeth and grinned , making every hair on my body stand on end .
AAAHHH ! I screamed , covering my face as the intimidating shadow enveloped me in its darkness , swallowing me whole .
Suddenly , forgotten memories from my childhood came flooding back .
I had been happy with my parents .
We would take vacations at a lakeside cabin .
I went out fishing , exploring freely .
But when I returned , I couldnt find them anywhere .
I saw myself climbing the stairs again , the strong scent of blood reaching my nose .
My trembling hand pushed open their bedroom door and then I saw them .
Their lifeless bodies were sprawled on the floor .
And above them , that same specter , feeding on their blood and flesh .
Hearing my scream at the door , it noticed me and lunged to levour me as well .
I dont want to die I want to live ! I want to live ! Those were my thoughts then and now .
I shifted back into my human form , pain searing through me far beyond what anyone could endure like my skin was being flayed off my body .
Something inside me awakened .
An uncontrollable rage surged through my veins , a power filling every muscle with infinite strength .
I opened my eyes and roared at the darkness consuming me I dug my hands , now bearing long , sharp claws , intol that shadow .
1/4 WHAT IS THAT MAIDENT I wanted to consume it instead to hurt it , destroy it .
A flurry of raven wings began circling us , their war cries echoing as they attacked .
And I felt it .
The specter was afraid of me .
It was weakening , its power being drained as I screamed like a madwoman , tearing into its faceless void .
It was it who was now trying to escape from me .
Youre going to die , you bastard ! I wont let you kill anyone else like you did my parents ! I WONT LET YOU ! A high pitched screech erupted from its twisted mouth as the ravens continued their relentless attack .
It felt as if my connection to them strengthened they followed my will , obeying my command .
Kill .
Kill Kill .
Following pure instinct , I opened my mouth to devour the black mist , the evil within .
But I underestimated it .
I took in far too much .
The power exploded inside me , far too overwhelming knocking me unconscious , leaving me vulnerable once again .
ADELE Hiding behind a bush , I could barely believe what I was witnessing .
My trembling hand covered my mouth to stifle a scream .
That woman … that woman lying there on the ground she was fighting the specter .
And then a flock of ravens swirled around her , pecking at that monstrous thing .
How … how could she be resisting it ? And worse the specter was screaming in pain , as if it was the victim .
The ravens blocked some of my view , but there was no doubt this had to be the woman they were looking for .
The one who could read the secrets engraved on the Goddesss altar .
If I could lead them to her if they captured her maybe they would finally leave us alone .
Maybe theyd return my older sister unharmed .
My heart pounded like a drum , torn between fear and hope But then everything changed.
The ravens suddenly scattered into the sky , and Valeria lay unconscious on the ground .
The specter … it was backing away from her like it was afraid .
What was she ? WHAT IS THAT MAIDENT She had completely lied to us .
I hesitated for just a moment lost in those chaotic thoughts .
And that moment cost me everything .
A cold chill ran down my spine .
Sweat soaked my clothes .
I lifted my head , peering over the bush where I hid- The shadow loomed above me , seething with hatred and resentment .
In the distance , I could hear footsteps those men approaching .
I had called them here to capture Valeria .
To deliver her .
I opened my mouth to scream for help- But the sound never came .
The darkness swallowed my voice forever .
ALDRIC I reached the market just after finishing my conversation with the Alpha .
That bastard was hiding something , but no matter how much I pressed , he refused to speak .
1 was already losing patience .
If he pushed me further , Id force the truth out of him .
But my mind was somewhere else entirely focused only on her .
On how cold and distant she had become .
I knew it was for the best .
But still , I craved the way things used to be .
I wandered the market , asking about Valeria but I couldnt find her .
Panic set in .
The night was deepening .
Some stalls were already closing Lifting my head , I sniffed the air , searching for her scent- Something was wrong .
A foul , bitter stench mixed with her trail .
Alarms blared through my senses , and I broke into a run heading straight for the forest .
Her faint scent lingered there .
I arrived at an ancient temple .
She had been here .
Circling the stone structure , Inoticed dried blood hidden in the grass below .
?25 DONUS WHAT IS THAT MAIDENH Blood from someone powerful .
Not my kind .
And not Valeria either .
I scanned the forest , following the trail further .
The closer I got , the stronger the stench of death and decay rew I knew that smell all too well .
No ..
no , please , not her .
Not again .
Not her , too .
A suffocating panic gripped me something I hadnt felt incenturies .
Memories Id buried long ago resurfaced , and this time I wouldnt survive it again .
I reached the clearing and froze .
A corpse .
Stripped of flesh , organs , everything just a husk of bone and rotting black sludge .
The remains clung to the frame like a grotesque shadow .
One glance at the torn clothes and the pale strands of hair realized .
It wasnt Valeria It was the Alphas daughter .
VALERIA ! VALERIA ! I roared , searching the entire area like a madman .
But besides the stench of death someone had covered her trail with a powerful masking scent .
I was ready to shift .
If I had to tear this entire wretched pack apart stone by stone , I would .
But then- A scream behind me .
I turned- The Alpha and his mate , crying hysterically as they collapsed , clutching their chests .
They must have felt the severed bond felt the death of their daughter .
The Alpha stumbled to her remains , trembling and broken No , no , no ! They promised they wouldnt hurt her ! My baby , why ?! WHY ?! AAAAHHH ! CURSE YOU , DAMN YOU ALL ! I didnt care .
I stormed toward him , seizing his collar and yanking him to his feet .
Youre going to tell me right now what the hell is happening here and where they took Valeria OR YOULL DIE WITH HER !
###Chapter 22
SWORN ENEMIES VALERIA Boss isnt going to like this at all .
What did you expect me to do ? Pick up that disgusting corpse or stay there waiting for the specter ?! This girls lucky her face is so messed up , even the specter didnt want her .
I could hear the conversation of what seemed to be two men My whole body felt drained , as if I had pushed beyond my physical limits .
I was confused , unable to fully recall what had happened .
Adele had tried to deceive me .
We fought .
That thing appeared , and then … ? I was lying across the back of one of my captors , being carried to an unknown location .
Even though I was awake , I kept my eyes shut , pretending to be unconscious just to hear more of their conversation Get her on the boat ! Suddenly , they threw me onto an old boat .
I realized I was being taken farther and farther from the King , so I began to fight back with everything I had .
So youre awake now ? Ah , you damn woman ! Whats going on ?! She bit me ! Youll pay for that , bitch ! The last thing I saw was a fist coming straight at my face .
The next time I woke up , I was sitting in a cold cell , my hands tied behind my back , chained to the damp stone wall .
One of my eyes was swollen shut , and nausea twisted my stomach , making me want to vomit .
The stench of mold and decay in the air only worsened my dizziness .
Shadows huddled in the corners other young women , trembling and crying , all of them terrified .
What had I gotten myself into this time ? And where exactly was I ? Soon , they came for me .
I heard footsteps echoing in the dark corridor outside the massive cell .
The door creaked open , and two men grabbed me by the arms , dragging me out .
No matter how weakly I resisted or how much I begged , they didnt stop .
I was hauled up a staircase , through a series of hallways , and shoved through a door into an office .
BAM ! SWORN ENEMIES I hit the ground hard , my forehead slamming against the stone floor .
Pain shot through me , and I hissed in discomfort as someone began untying the bindings on my wrists .
Footsteps approached .
A strong scent of cologne filled the air before a pair of black leather boots stopped right in front of me .
Do you know how to interpret whats written on the Goddesss Altar ? A low , icy voice questioned me .
N no , sir , I replied , trembling but determined .
I knew I could never admit I could read those symbols .
Suddenly , rough fingers dug harshly into my chin , forcing me to lift my head so abruptly I thought my neck might snap .
I dont like being lied to .
If you are the one Ive been searching for , but youre lying … you will pay I bit my lip , struggling to keep calm .
A massive scar crossed his right eye deep , more grotesque than even my ownL dearly for it .
Short black hair , blood red eyes , and fangs slightly protruding from his lips but not as long as a werewolfs .
A dark , powerful , and violent aura surrounded him .
I knew perfectly well what he was ..
A vampire .
The sworn enemies of werewolves .
Both sides despised each other to death , and now , I had been captured by them .
They never dared enter our territory they feared Aldric and the Guardians .
Something extremely important must have driven them to take this risk .
Bring the piece of the Mother Stone .
Well see if shes who weve been searching for .
He let go of me , shoving me back roughly .
My trembling hands pressed against the cold floor , kneeling with my head lowered as my mind raced .
If they had a way to test if I could read those markings , it wouldnt matter how much I denied it they would find out .
Minutes later , one of his men entered with a black box and set it on the desk .
The moment it was opened , I felt a tug deep in my chest .
Come to me , my daughter .
Come to me .
A whisper echoed in my mind .
I dared to lift my gaze slightly , watching as the vampire carefully removed a piece of dark stone , using gloves with utmost reverence .
The stone was cracked , yet faint specks of glowing light shimmered within it , like trapped stars .
2/3 22 SWORN ENEMIES It was affecting me my heart was racing , and my body felt drawn to it .
They grabbed my wrist , forcing my trembling hand closer inch by inch toward the artifact .
They were going to uncover my secret .
But then I remembered that sensation when I had hidden myself in the shadows of the night .
The way I had suppressed my scent , concealed so even werewolves with their enhanced senses couldnt detect me .
I willed myself to disappear .
To suppress the strange power inside me .
The youn The voice from the stone fell silent .
AAGHHH ! I screamed as soon as my fingers made contact with the stone , a searing pain burning through my skin .
I tried to pull away , but they forced my hand against it , the agony unbearable .
Fucking hell ! At last , they released me .
I yanked my hand back , clutching it protectively against my chest , trembling as tears streamed down my cheeks .
###Chapter 23
REVENGE FOR MY SISTER VALERIA It hurt .
It hurt so much , like I had shoved my fingers into a burning oven .
And honestly , they looked just like that bleeding and scorched .
Shes not the one .
That idiot girl messed up again ! We shouldnt have trusted her to handle this properly ! the vampire growled in frustration , kicking a chair aside .
Then , as if realizing his outburst , he calmed himself , carefully returning the stone to its box .
We cant stay here any longer .
The Lycan King was sniffing around that pack , and its only a matter of time before he finds us , he declared .
We still dont know where this woman came from .
She seems insignificant .
The Alphas daughter died without revealing much .
The specter appeared , drawn by the special blood .
I felt a small wave of relief .
They didnt know I was Aldrics personal maid otherwise , Id have zero chance of survival .
What was this special blood they kept mentioning ? I had no idea .
Should we kill her ? No.
Heal her hand and squeeze some coin out of her .
Sell her at the auction with the others , they decided , discussing my fate right in front of me .
I didnt even resist when they dragged me away .
And what do we do with the other Alphas daughter ? The one weve been keeping as a hostage ? Kill her .
She knows too much , I heard just before the door slammed shut .
They hauled me back to the prison , tossing me roughly inside .
The chains rattled as my throbbing hand pulsed with unbearable pain .
Everything hurt like hell .
I already knew what was coming next .
I was going to be sold as a slave .
With my scarred face , Id probably be used as a servant rather than a sex slave , but there were degenerates out there who wouldnt care .
As long as Im alive , theres hope , I tried to think positively , even as my heart secretly yearned for Aldric to come and rescue me .
Through the bars , I noticed the silhouette of a woman wearing a white dress .
She spoke briefly with two guards standing nearby , who allowed her to enter the shared cell .
She walked toward me , radiating pure hatred .
So , youre the reason my little sister is dead , huh ? she whispered venomously through clenched teeth .
Even in the shadows , her features were clear enough I realized it had to be Adeles older sister .
REVENGE FOR MY SISTER The sau one she had lied about , claiming she was an only child .
Positioned in the dark corner of the cell , with her back to the guards , no one could see or hear what she was doing -except me .
I have no idea what youre talking about .
Adele was attacked by a specter , I replied , trying to stay calm but wincing when she suddenly grabbed my burned hand and squeezed it cruelly .
Hot tears spilled from my eyes involuntarily .
You probably ran off and used her as bait , didnt you ? Ill make sure you suffer every day of your miserable life- living like a cheap whore .
Her words dripped with venom as she leaned closer .
Suddenly , she reached between her breasts , pulling out a small compact mirror .
I felt a surge of panic .
What was she planning now ? To my horror , she opened the compact , revealing a black , writhing creature inside something dark and unnatural , squirming like a cursed insect .
I couldnt move , couldnt escape .
She knew exactly what she was doing .
Dont even think about screaming , bitch , she sneered , shoving a white bandage over my mouth to muffle my voice .
I thrashed and struggled , but that cursed creature was too close .
It writhed and squirmed toward my chest toward my heart .
Mmnnm ! I muffled a panicked moan , writhing in pain as I felt it burrow beneath my skin , sliding into my left breast and deeper closer to my heart .
Instantly , heat erupted across my body .
ly skin burned feverishly as an unbearable heat spread from my chest , radiating downward to my core .
My I looked up at her with furious , tear filled eyes .
I didnt even know this woman , yet she was hurting me cursing me .
Youre disgusting and ugly .
Youll be crawling around begging for someone to shove their cock in you like the filthy slut you are .
Or youll die consumed by your own lust .
Her words dripped with cruel satisfaction as she tucked the compact away .
Hey ! Are you done bandaging her hand ? Theyre looking for you ! a guards voice called from outside the cell .
Yes , Im coming ! she answered , hastily wrapping my wounded hand in the dirty bandage she had just used on my mouth without an ounce of care .
The pain was unbearable .
I felt faint .
I watched her retreating figure , promising myself she wouldnt survive this .
But I didnt have the strength to scream .
REVENGE FOR MY SISTER If I had felt weak before , now my entire body burned with feverish heat .
A tormenting ache spread lower , making my thighs clench involuntarily , trying to ease the growing discomfort .
I was getting aroused for no reason at all .
It was just the beginning Soon , things would get much worse .
Move them all out ! Get the girls loaded into the carriages ! Were leaving for the auction ! a voice barked from beyond the iron bars .
ALDRIC Youre telling me … you made deals with vampires right under my nose ? I repeated the words through clenched teeth , sure I must have heard him wrong or he had lost his mind .
They had our eldest daughter as a hostage ! They threatened the life of our youngest as well ! the Alpha shouted back , on his knees , trembling .
###Chapter 24
AUCTION ALDRIC They were looking for a woman who could read what was written on the Altar .
Adele tested all the locals and visitors , but we didnt even know there was anything written there ! I did it to protect my family .
You would have done the same ! I would have asked for help , you idiot ! Vampires are the most treacherous creatures in existence ! What the hell are the Guardians for then ?! I roared , nearly losing control This was far more serious than 1 had imagined .
You handed over a sacred relic of our race , deceived innocent women , and were willing to let them access secrets ! Did you honestly think you or your family would walk away unscathed ?! The man kept crying , repeating that he did it for his daughters , but my patience was gone .
My priority now was finding out where they had taken Valeria .
Tell me where the vampires are , I demanded in a deadly voice .
I dont know exactly .
They were always very secretive .
I never met their leader .
We met in an old cabin near the lake … SWOOSH ! I sliced off his head without hesitation .
This incompetent Alpha had lived too long already , and his mistakes were unforgivable .
I began running toward the lake , leaving the bloody scene behind .
Only his wife was spared for now .
Id need to interrogate her later .
I followed the strange scent they had left to mask their trail from other werewolves .
But Im a Lycan .
They cant hide from me so easily .
My body shifted as I ran under the moonlight , gaining momentum to leap across a wide , deep ravine .
A savage roar escaped my open jaws .
Whoever had taken my maid would pay dearly .
VALERIA The vampires had struck deals with traffickers in our kingdom , selling us at low prices to reap greater profits at their underground auction .
They moved us from the original site , cramming us onto a wagon like livestock .
We traveled through forested areas , far from the pack boundaries , under the cover of the dark night ..
The women around me wore the same desperate , hopeless expressions .
I curled up in a corner , clutching my knees .
24 AUCTION A dull ache throbbed in my chest and stomach , joined by feverish sweats .
I didnt know what that wretched woman had done to me , but it felt like the heat wolves experienced during their mating cycles .
At least , thats what I assumed Id never gone through one myself .
Despite my willpower , my panties were soaked , and my pussy throbbed with need , begging for a mans touch .
Shes lucky to have such a scarred face .
No one will want her in their bed .
Who would even look at her ? No ones buying that mess .
She looks sick sweating like that and feverish .
Shes probably going to die .
Dying would be better .
At least shed escape this hell .
What if I scar my own face ? Maybe no one would buy me either .
The murmurs around me cut through the clattering of the wagon wheels .
I lay on the wooden floor , trembling despite the burning heat that consumed my body , clouding my senses .
For once , I hoped my ugly face might actually serve me well These three women will be auctioned as a single lot ! Sure , theyre unattractive , yes , nothing remarkable , but theyre strong and great for housework ! The glaring lights of the stage blinded me as the auctioneer presented us like damaged goods that could still be of use .
For the first time , I was grateful not to emit any pheromones .
If the wolves had detected my arousal , they would have noticed my shameful state long ago .
Inside the cage , there were two other women , both older and therefore less desirable .
If things get rough , you know , theyll do in a pinch .
Any hole will suffice for relief .
Just put a sack over their heads , and problem solved ! Laughter and jeers echoed from the shadowed figures seated in the audience .
In the end , a wealthy werewolf bought us .
He also purchased two younger , prettier girls who were quickly loaded into his carriage .
As for us , the servants , we were hauled out of the cage by two muscular men I could barely resist or even think straight I was seeing double .
A heavy iron collar clamped around my neck .
We were all chained together , collar to collar , with the first woman tied to the back of the carriage .
The whip cracked against the horses , and we were dragged away , heading for an unknown pack .
For a moment , I glanced back at the old house that hid the underground auction and then up at the night sky .
Would anyone come to save me ? 20 24 AUCTION Did Aldric think I had run away ? I sighed , barely able to stand as the forced march continued ALDRIC After crossing the lake and following the trail , I arrived at an old building .
The stench of vampires was unmistakable , reaching me long before the structure came into view .
###Chapter 25
MY LYCAN ALDRIC I didnt know how many could be inside the old building , but I entered roaring , ready to cut off heads .
Too late I was already a step behind .
It was obvious they had fled in a hurry .
They must have realized I was closing in on them .
I shifted back into my human form , storming through the dark underground floors , kicking doors open and searching desperately .
Corpses littered the ground everywhere .
Fools who dared to make deals with vampires always ended up like this .
My heart pounded with fear , a feeling I hadnt experienced in a long time and even more so when I finally caught her scent .
I ran , descending a narrow staircase through a dim hallway , until I reached a massive cell .
Feminine scents mingled there , and among them , hers Valerias .
But she was nowhere to be seen .
I spotted a dying body in a filthy corner and approached .
It was a blonde woman with a gruesome stomach wound .
She wasnt going to make it .
As I knelt closer , I realized this must be the older daughter of that foolish Alpha , It was only logical it would end like this .
Where did they take the women from here ?! TELL ME ! I commanded , using all the force of my Lycan authority -she was dying anyway .
S slave … auct … Those were her last words before she went limp .
They took her to be sold as a slave , no longer under the protection of a pack , as if she were some rogue exile .
But they made a grave mistake .
That maid is under my damn protection .
Shes mine .
Id find her no matter what it took and Id rip the heads off every bastard who had touched her .
Finally leaving that vampire lair , I shifted into my Lycan form once more , raising my head to catch the thick , bitter chocolate scent of Valeria .
The auction could be held in several abandoned places nearby .
There were too many conflicting scents .
I couldnt afford a mistake .
Suddenly , something strange happened the moonlight was blocked out by a massive flock of crows , circling above and cawing wildly .
75 MY LYCAN : They swirled in tight loops , then flew off in a specific direction .
I followed them without hesitation , guided purely by instinct , convinced this was the Goddess helping me find Valeria But once again , I was too late she had already been sold .
Give me that mans information NOW ! I growled , holding the auction master lifted off the ground by his neck .
Slavery was outlawed in this kingdom , but as long as there were buyers , there would always be secret sellers .
Its … here … sir … please , no , I gave you what you wanted ! Wait ! NO00- ! I lowered my bloodstained claws and walked out of the managers office .
Corpses littered my path , left behind from my earlier rampage when I slaughtered everyone inside ..
Valeria , please , hold on just a little longer , little one .
VALERIA When they finally allowed us to sit and eat an hour later , I collapsed onto the floor , nearly fainting .
Pain wasnt even the right word anymore .
My insides felt like they were being cooked from within .
Hey , I dont think this ones going to last much longer .
If shes not eating , take her plate .
Lets share it .
They snatched the old plate of scraps from me without shame .
I didnt care .
I wasnt even hungry just unbearably thirsty and overwhelmed by a sickening desire to be fucked until I passed out .
That crude .
That simple .
The sounds filtering through the cracks of the carriage didnt help either .
The master was rutting with the two slaves he had bought , and their moans echoed through the thin walls .
Suddenly , the horses neighed wildly , spooked by something The carriage rocked as the animals reared up , trying to flee in terror .
Get the boss out ! NOW !!! The warriors rushed to protect their master , who tumbled out the door with two naked women .
They were safe .
But what about us , still chained to the back of the cart ? Ahhh ! Take off our collars ! Were going to die ! Were going to die ! The woman at the front of the chain screamed in panic .
I was at the very end , but I could feel the tug at my neck , dragging me roughly across the dirt .
25 MY LYCAN Everything was chaos confusing and terrifying .
I felt like I was being strangled , clutching at the iron collar to keep from choking .
Screams , curses , the men trying to regain control of the panicked horses .
My body scraped across a trail of blood .
One of the other women had died , and soon , I might join her .
The chain was tangled around the back wheel , tightening further with every jolt , threatening to strangle us before grinding our bodies beneath the carriage .
A horrible scream echoed from the woman in front of me .
Goddess , why do you always keep me on the brink of death ? Just have mercy end it now , please .
I begged through my tears , exhausted from fighting .
But the only response was a roar so fierce it shook the heavens and froze the horses in their tracks .
A Lycan .
The unmistakable roar of a powerful Lycan .
Thunderous footsteps approached my battered body , struggling for breath on the ground .
1 forced my blurry eyes open , and what I saw made my chest tighten with overwhelming relief .
The ultimate form of a werewolf , the final evolution of their kind invincible and fierce , savage and merciless .
Aldric … I whispered , my voice breaking as sobs poured from me uncontrollably .
The colossal Lycan crouched with surprising gentleness , his massive claws prying the iron collar from my raw , bleeding neck .
His strong arms lifted me effortlessly off the ground , careful not to harm me with his claws , holding me like at fragile , broken doll .
I clung to his rough , fur covered chest , weeping uncontrollably into his warmth .
###Chapter 26
SEDUCTION ALDRIC Seeing Valeria so wounded and vulnerable was breaking my heart while , at the same time , a relentless rage grew inside me .
He was fighting to break free to comfort her , to lick her wounds .
I could feel him scratching at my mind , Trying to take over Being so close to losing her only reinforced my fears She could vanish from my world in an instant , never to return .
I scanned the scene the group of warriors , two naked women clinging to each other , trembling in a corner , mutilated slave , and another lying dead .
The one responsible for all this a Beta wolf , also naked , reeking of sex , fear , and rot .
I let out a low warning growl .
P No one moves from here , especially you , boss .
Ive got your scent , and Ill hunt you down like an animal if you dare take a step away .
The Beta nodded immediately , his red eyes wide with fear , trembling .
Not so cocky now .
1 carried Valeria a bit further from the camage .
Her small body felt so fragile , curled against my massive beastly chest , her arms weakly draped around my neck , her face buried against my collarbone .
She couldnt even meet my gaze before when I was human , yet now she clung to the most terrifying version of me , clearly terrified by the situation .
The scent of bitter chocolate intensified , igniting my desire though I didnt understand why .
Why was her skin so hot ? I reached a small stream I had passed earlier , its banks shaded by dense trees .
It was peaceful enough for us to rest a moment .
Valeria , I called gently , crouching to lay her on the soft grass , leaning her carefully against the tree trunk .
Her watery eyes blinked open , staring at me strangely , as though dazed .
I supposed it was natural having the massive head of a Lycan inches from your face wouldnt exactly be comforting Stay here .
Dont move .
Ill be back quickly .
I wanted to touch her cheek , to reassure her , but my claws were too large , and her delicate body already too wounded .
When I stood , she suddenly grabbed my arm .
Ss … sir … her voice was hoarse and raw , her brow furrowed in pain .
She seemed to be suffering , SEDUCTION I had to find a way to help her heal but first , there was one last thing I had to finish .
Im close .
I can smell you , Valeria .
Stay strong .
Ill be right back .
She nodded weakly , sweat trailing down her face , her breath ragged .
That intoxicating scent was pouring from her , and it was taking everything in me to resist it .
I rushed back to deal with that bastard Beta .
I expected him to run , thinking Id have to hunt him down in his pack .
But no , he stayed to die probably thinking he could beg for mercy by mentioning his Alphas name .
He couldnt have been more wrong .
He pleaded , groveled , but I slit his throat without hesitation just as he deserved , just like that poor woman crushed beneath his cart .
Silence followed in the clearing .
The guards kept their heads down .
The women sobbed quietly in a corner .
You .
Take these women to the next safe village .
Pay for everything with his money .
Ill be checking to make sure youve done it .
And if you lay a finger on them W we wont , Your Majesty ! We wont ! Please , forgive us ! We were just following orders ! Cowards .
But I needed someone to escort the women to safety .
They knew who I was now Beta must have told them .
Theyd be fools to disobey me .
Give me your pack names .
Ill confirm when you arrive safely .
They stammered their answers while I noted the information .
Satisfied for the moment , I turned and headed back to Valera , worry pressing heavily on my chest .
Shifting back into my human form , I rinsed the blood from my body in the stream , then tied some vines around my waist to cover myself .
The massive moon overhead bathed the forest in silver , and I silently thanked the Goddess for guiding me to her in time .
But as I returned to where I had left Valeria by the tree she was gone .
Valeria ? No answer .
But her scent lingered close .
I turned to see her standing in the deeper part of the stream watching me with a gaze I had never seen before .
She began to rise from the water , and my throat went dry .
Her dress was torn indecently so ..
Her pale breasts were practically exposed , the pink peaks of her hardened nipples clearly visible through the wet fabric .
A long tear along her skirt revealed the curve of her white thigh , so high I was sure Id glimpse her most intimate place any second .
Her soaked black hair clung to her back , and her blue eyes shimmered with seductive heat .
Her lips plump , sinful , parted called to me .
The scars on her face didnt matter .
I could see the raw beauty beneath them , and right now , she was captivating me completely .
Valeria , w whats going on ? I heard my own voice stumble like a damn fool as she stepped Isarefoot out of the water , lifting her skirt even higher , baring her hips , her thighs ….
My cock jerked in response as I caught a glimpse of the pink slit between her legs , glistening with desires She kept coming closer .
For the first time in my life , faced with a woman , I stepped back .
And then another step .
Until my back hit a tree trunk .
This wasnt the timid , obedient Valeria I knew .
Something was wrong .
Was she … in heat ? But how , without a wolf spirit inside her Maybe it was possible just like her shifting .
* Valeria , wait .
Tell me whats happening .
Are you … are you in heat ? I tried to keep my voice steady , gripping her shoulders gently , attempting to ground us both .
Her lips parted further , and she whispered , Touch me .
I need you to touch me more , Aldric .
###Chapter 27
BITTER CHOCOLATE ALDRIC She says my name in a whisper , dragging that pink tongue long her upper lip .
Its the first time shes ever called me by name , and it feels like a damn orgasm just hearing it .
She presses her body against my chest , both of us nearly naked , her skin cool yet burning hot at the same time .
She inhales my scent , her hands caressing me as her mouth trails down to my nipples , licking them .
My cock throbs against her stomach .
Valeria ….
Nmm … I groan , struggling to keep control .
If I lose it now , Ill hurt her .
Shes too wounded .
But her touches , her kisses , her intoxicating scent everything is driving me insane .
She grabs my hand and guides it under her dress , between her bare 4ss cheeks , no panties .
The invitation is clear , and Im no saint .
I slide both hands lower , pushing her dress up to her waist squeezing her plump 4ss with a desperate hiss of pleasure , finally indulging in my fantasies .
I pull back for just a second , ripping off the damn leaves tied around my waist , leaving myself completely naked .
Shhh , much better now … Mmmm …..
I grind her firmly against my swollen , aching cock , pressing into her soft body as I roll my hips , seeking delicious friction against the damp fabric of her dress .
My mouth lowers to her sensitive ear , licking , sucking , nibbling along her neck .
My Lycan canines itch to pierce her skin , to mark her as mine .
Spreading her 4ss apart , my fingers slide lower , trailing down her tight crease until they find her drenched instantly coated in her wetness .
pussy , Mmm … aaah … Valeria moans , trembling in my arms .
I stroke her slit back and forth , spreading her arousal , teasing her swollen clit pinching , rolling it , torturing her .
Mmm … inside , Your Majesty .
I want you inside my pussy .
She wraps her arms around my neck , tilting her head up , begging with eyes filled with raw , desperate lust .
Something called restraint vanishes from my mind .
J lower my head and devour those parted lips Ive been craving since the night at the inn .
Sucking , drinking her in , plunging my tongue inside her mouth to taste her , to drown in that bittersweet chocolate essence that makes my balls ache .
Valeria kisses me back just as fiercely , just as hungry .
She moans into my mouth as my middle finger finally thrusts inside her burning heat , her juices overflowing , +25 RONUS BITTER CHOCOLATE coating my knuckles with every deep stroke .
Ah , ah , ah ! Faster , my King ! Please , faster … ! Fuck , woman , youre going to drive me mad … I flipped her against the tree .
Now she was the one pinned , and I knelt in front of her , tearing her dress apart like a beast .
I lifted one creamy thigh over my shoulder , parting her legs wider , positioning her soaked pussy right in front of my mouth .
Spreading her lips open with my fingers , I kissed her cunt as deeply as I had kissed her mouth , pressing my tongue inside her , drowning in her flavor as her juices spilled onto my face , dripping into 101 throat .
She tasted like heaven .
Not even her had made me feel this addicted before .
I slid two thick fingers inside her heat alongside my tongue , thrusting into her while my other hand mercilessly rubbed her engorged clit .
The beast within me was taking over .
I could feel the shift the primal instincts clawing their way out .
But even as my Lycan fought to emerge , my mind stayed focused on protecting her on not hurting her .
I withdrew my tongue , wrapping my lips around her swollen clit instead , flicking it with light strokes while my three fingers continued fucking her drenched core .
Ahhh ! she cried out above me , her thighs trembling violently as her walls clenched around my fingers .
The bitter chocolate nectar spilled into my mouth , and I swallowed every drop , my Adams apple bobbing as I drank her orgasm down .
Fuck , you taste so good … Shhh … give me more , Valeria … Still on my knees , I reached between my legs , grabbing my painfully hard cock .
It had shifted .
My Lycans cock thicker , longer , the base swollen with the start of a knot , veins pulsing violently .
I couldnt remember the last time Id been this hard this desperate .
Fisting myself brutally , I twisted my hand over the engorged head , precum leaking in thick ropes , my body trembling as I jacked off like a beast ready to claim his mate Raising my glowing red eyes , I burned the image of her into my mind my beautiful , scarred Valeria , trembling in the aftermath of her climax .
Eyes shut , lashes fluttering , lips parted in a satisfied moan ! Her hands clawed at the bark behind her , the delicate arch of her neck exposed , sweat sliding down her chest , dripping between her full breasts that spilled almost entirely out of her ruined dress .
I stroked myself faster , panting , groaning , my body tightening as I gave her clit one last lap , dragging her taste across my tongue .
23 B?TTER CHOCOLATE Pleasure coiled low in my spine , my balls tightening , ready to burst .
Valeria … I growled her name , pressing reverent kisses to each scar on her stomach , worshipping every inch of her broken skin .
My canines continued to lengthen , the thick black fur of my Lycan form spreading further along my back .
I was losing control so close to shifting completely .
But Valeria pushed me over the edge .
She shattered the last chain holding back my most primal instincts .
###Chapter 28
MY SECOND CHANCE ALDRIC A tug at my hair started , Insistent .
Wait , baby … Nmmm ….
I just need a second … Shhh … I lifted my gaze to meet her blue eyes , desperate to come , so damn close .
Dont waste it , I want to taste you like you did with mine .
Stand up , Your Majesty … she whispered , pushing me by the shoulders .
She brought two fingers to her lips , sucking them in and ou , swirling her tongue , moaning , mimicking a sinful blowjob .
I stood up instantly , my cock throbbing , still dripping , never stopping for a second .
Her submission , her desire to please me pushed my dark just to a whole new level .
Me , who needed to fuck at least two women to reach climax , was on the edge from nothing but this .
A thick , clear string of precum dripped from my swollen tip onto the grass below .
Valerias eyes widened in awe , taking in the differences between a human and a Lycans form .
Are you scared now ? Mmm … Dont you want to taste me anymore , Valeria ? I teased her , brushing my cock against her parted lips , smearing my leaking arousal while I continued stroking myself .
Something this good cant be wasted , she finally replied , opening her mouth , tongue out , letting my tip rest right on her tongue .
<< Goddess , what kind of test is this ? One I definitely cant pass .
? I lost it completely .
Lowering my claws , I tore through the fabric of her dress without hurting her .
Two perfect , full breasts bounced free , hard peaks already standing erect , and my large Lycan hand cupped them , kneading , rubbing while I stroked myself furiously , nearly ripping the skin off my shaft .
Every muscle tensed , shifting , growing , becoming more beast than man , and when her warm , wet mouth suddenly wrapped around my sensitive tip , I came , roaring Into the starry sky .
A raw , primal , savage release , shooting every drop of my thick seed into her eager mouth .
Valeria sucked , licked , and milked me , swallowing as much as her small mouth could handle , draining me completely .
My Lycan head dropped , growling , panting heavily , canines bared , desperate for more of this delicious female .
I wanted it all , every part of her .
Just these heated touches were no longer enough .
I ached to throw her to the ground , mount her in my beast form , let him out , let him claim her , mark her as mine -my mate , my Queen .
It was dangerous , too dangerous .
I was losing control .
MY SECOND CHANCE Until I remembered something far too important .
Lycan semen and blood our vital fluids were too powerful for most wolves to handle .
It could be toxic , especially for a small , wounded omega like her .
Thats why I always took strong females to my bed .
Valeria ! I roared , snapping out of my lustful trance when saw her collapse onto the grass , unconscious .
I lunged , catching her before she hit the ground , but her lips were still coated with the remnants of my release .
She had swallowed it every drop .
But … she wasnt convulsing .
She wasnt dying .
Just exhausted .
It shocked me .
But Valeria was a woman full of mysteries , and if she was indeed my second chance mate , perhaps it wasnt so strange that her body could endure the power within mine .
Even so , I scanned her carefully for signs of poison , any damage , and thats when I noticed it something I hadnt seen before .
Just beneath her left breast , a small black tattoo , intricate , shaped like butterfly wings .
I knew this mark .
A forbidden , cruel enchantment , used on illegal sex slaves , binding them to remain constantly aroused , eager to fuck their masters That explained everything .
Valeria wasnt acting like this because she wanted me .
She couldnt feel our bond .
She was being forced by this cursed spell .
If another man had rescued her would she have seduced him too ? Would she have knelt and taken his cock in her mouth ? Let him touch her , use her , make her come the way she just did for me ? The image of Quinn doing all those things to her flooded my mind , and my claws dug so hard into my fists that I drew blood .
No.
No , you idiot .
Focus on Valeria .
On keeping her safe .
I shook my head , forcing those violent thoughts from my mind before they consumed me .
Or next time I saw Quinn , I would rip his throat out .
Gently , I lifted her weakened body , covering her with the remains of her tattered dress , pressing her to my chest .
We had to return to the inn before sunrise .
When Valeria woke , I wasnt sure if shed remember this wild moment we shared in the woods .
But I knew for certain I would never forget it .
MY SECOND CHANCE It had been far too long since I felt this alive .
Once upon a time , there was a Lycan who didnt crave power , didnt want to save the world .
He just wanted to live in peace with his mate and two small pups .
Until one night , in a matter of seconds , he lost everything .
Everything .
And was left broken , hollow , alone once more .
I had wanted to die , but the Goddess refused me .
My heart had hardened , turning to stone .
I had caged my wolf spirit , weakening even my original strength , so I would never fall in love again .
If the Moon Goddess ever gave me a second mate , I didnt want her .
And without my wolf spirit , it should have been impossible to recognize her anyway .
At least … thats what I foolishly thought .
A clutched the precious woman in my arms tighter , racing through the ancient forest , waking the night animals , crossing borders and territories without slowing I dont know what the hell Im going to do anymore .
Me the king who solves everything with a sharp blade .
She deserves better than a broken , dangerous , violent manke me .
I know that .
But when the time comes … Valeria … will I be able to let you go ?
###Chapter 29
A DANGEROUS AGREEMENT VALERIA My brain finally connected with reality , and it told me I was lying on my side on a bed .
Not chained .
Not imprisoned .
Not bound .
And definitely very much alive .
I felt an incredible vitality surging inside me , healing , repairing my wounds .
Confused , I opened my eyes halfway , staring at an old wooden wall I know this wallpaper its from the inn where we were staying , in that … pack where I was kidnapped and taken to those vampires who sold me as a slave , and then … then the Lycan King rescued me ! Up to that point , everything had been terrifying , but manageable .
However , the memories of all the sexual things I did with King Aldric afterward … were impossible to bear ! Phrases like … I need you to touch me more , Aldric … and … I want to taste you like you did with mine … short- circuited my mind .
Uuuuhhhh ! I grabbed the pillow and screamed into it , burying my face full of shame .
Did the King leave me here at the inn ? Most likely .
And honestly , for the best because I dont think I could ever face him again after what I did .
Are you done suffocating yourself with the pillow ? His deep voice echoed behind me , and I froze .
This mans habit of silently lurking is going to give me a heart attack one day .
Valeria , turn around and face me , he ordered .
I considered playing dead .
Dead from being a shameless slut .
What a fitting end for my disaster of a life .
In the end , I had to turn slowly , keeping my gaze down , cheeks burning there was no way to pretend I didnt .
remember .
Especially when my eyes landed directly on his crotch .
He was sitting in a chair beside the bed , legs spread , wearing dark trousers .
By the Goddess , I clearly remembered how that monstrous thing pulsed in my mouth , how hot and delicious it was Dont do that , Valeria .
Your scent is too tempting … He leaned forward , and I lifted my eyes only to find his narrowed gray ones just inches from my face .
That masculine , sexy face so perfect had been buried between my legs , giving me pleasure Id only dreamed of in the past Dorian had never loved me that passionately .
I swallowed hard and jerked back , pressing myself against the wall , clutching the pillow protectively .
A DANGEROUS AGREEMENT As if I wasnt the one who had practically molested the King Hes the one who needs protection from me .
Thank you , Your Majesty , for searching for me and rescuing me , I said , forcing my thoughts into order , speaking as steadily as I could .
I … I apologize .
Im deeply ashamed .
I understand if you wish for me to leave the castle and never return NO .
His voice was sharp , cutting Look at me , Valeria .
Look at me .
Dont make me repeat myself .
His command made me meet his gaze , gripping the pillow tighter in my fists .
Youre not going anywhere .
You belong right here , with me .
What happened … it wasnt your fault .
It was a forbidden sexual spell , used on slaves to keep them aroused for their masters .
His words shocked me .
That woman … Adeles sister … She put something inside me a weird black creature , I remembered , shivering That wretched woman had done something cruel to me .
Shes dead now .
But she left a bewitched Aurum butterfly inside your body .
A female one .
Its still there .
Still ? But ….
in the forest… after what we did … didnt it cure me ? I feel fine now , I whispered , panicked .
It didnt cure you , Valeria .
It was only satisfied for now .
Until we find the male counterpart , it wont leave your body .
Aldric explained it so calmly , sitting there with his powerful arms crossed over his chest , while I … I was on the verge of hyperventilating .
This meant I was cursed to turn into a desperate , needy woman every time that damned whore butterfly craved sex Valeria , calm down .
Breathe .
Youre sweating .
Slow down Come on , slower … He moved onto the bed , the wood creaking under his weight as he patted my back gently .
S Sir … Where can I find the cure ? I … I cant live like this forever ! What do I do when I have another … crisis ? Ive already sent a spy into the underworld to find the sorcerer holding the male counterpart , he replied .
And as for dealing with the next crisis … His voice dropped lower , turning husky.
I think we both know how we can handle that .
His tone was suggestive .
We were too close .
Sitting together on the narrow bed , my back pressed against the wall , his broad frame trapping me in .
His hand slid to my bent legs , tracing slow , lazy circles along my skin .
He didnt say anything else just waited for me .
I finally lifted my gaze , examining his steel sharp eyes , searching for deception .
20 A DANGEROUS AGREEMENT But there was none .
Only raw , unmasked desire burning there .
Everything I experienced last night replayed in my mind the way my body had truly felt alive , desired , wanted .
Never , not once , had this man looked at my scars with disgust .
Why was it that when I was beautiful , the wolf I gave everything to had rejected me for another woman , but now , when I was broken and scarred … someone could actually want me ? I dont like sharing a bed with other women , I blurted out bluntly .
My mind was spinning .
I wont , he answered without hesitation .
While this agreement lasts , I wont touch other women .
And neither will you touch other men .
Why was he doing this for a broken , ugly maid ? This time , I didnt avoid his gaze .
I searched for a trap , a lie .
But there was nothing .
He held my stare , raw , unguarded showing me exactly what he wanted .
What did I have to lose by trying ? To finally feel what it was like to be wanted to have a passionate man claim my body , make me feel desired .
Would people think I was just another one of King Aldrics temporary toys ? I didnt care anymore .
When I had lived my life pretending to be perfect , it had brought me nothing but pain .
It would be just for a while .
Then we would go back to normal two adults , temporary lovers … No consequences .
Nothing to lose .
Fine .
I accept your terms , Your Majesty .
Ill … bother you whenever I … need your help .
You can bother me as often as you want .
Anytime .
Anywhere .
Ill never say no , he replied in that husky , dangerous whisper , his eyes trailing toward my lips .
A wild flutter spread through my chest , my belly tightening with heat .
It had to be the spells fault .
I thought I was just gambling on a few moments of reckless passion .
But what I had truly wagered … was my heart .
###Chapter 30
COMPLICES VALERIA After making the boldest agreement of my life , Aldric left and asked the innkeeper to prepare a hot bath .
I appreciated the gesture and sank into the soothing water up to my neck , alone in the room , sighing in relief .
I didnt want to think about anything , but as I raised the hand where I had been burned by that strange stone , I realized it was almost fully healed .
I touched my neck too no pain .
All my wounds and bruises were healing fast , faster than ever before , except for the most serious and old scars .
It was the power of the Lycan , I knew it well .
I also remembered all the strange things I had experienced .
My memories of the specter attack were hazy , but one thing was certain I faced it, and I even think it feared me .
What am I , really ? No one can ever know about this .
Absolutely no one .
Everyone connected with those creatures and vampires is executed without question .
That order had been given by none other than the King himself .
And I am right by his side .
Aldric can never discover my oddities .
www I rose from the bathtub and grabbed the towel from the screen along with my clothes , ready to change .
The moment I stepped out , drying my hair , there was a sudden knock at the door .
I answered confidently , thinking it was the innkeeper coming to empty the tub .
I froze when I saw Guardian Quinn standing there .
Y Your Excellency ? What are you doing here ? I asked , surprised , then realized my rudeness .
Why ? Am I interrupting something between you and the King ? he asked bluntly , stepping inside without waiting for an apology , his sharp gaze immediately scanning the bed and my clothes .
I felt judged .
His tone was cold , nothing like the sunny Lycan he usually was .
Of course not , Your Majesty has gone out , I replied respectfully , lowering my gaze but matching his coldness .
After a few tense seconds , he sighed .
I apologize , Valeria .
Im frustrated by other matters and took it out on you .
Im here because the King called me , he explained , and I nodded without holding a grudge His Majesty is likely handling pack business .
You can find him at the Alphas house , I informed him .
No , Im more interested in the Goddesss Altar he mentioned in his message .
I want to inspect it .
Would you take me there ? I saw no reason to refuse .
Honestly , I wanted to see it again too .
A few minutes later , I came down the stairs , meeting him the inns reception area IF my roommate returns , please tell him I went to the old temple , I instructed the innkeeper , who nodded .
1/3 COMPLICES Quinn and I walked through the packs streets toward the forest .
You share a room with the King ? Why sleep so uncomfortably ? he asked along the way , so I explained the issue with the limited rooms .
He fell silent and didnt press further , which I appreciated , When we finally reached the ancient temple , Quinn immediately approached the stone , inspecting the carvings closely .
I climbed the worn steps as well , standing nearby , listening to him mutter .
Can you read it ? I asked , surprised .
This entire tragedy had unfolded because no one seemed capable of deciphering the writing .
More or less .
Its an ancient language , lost to time .
Only fragments remain , and Ive studied them out of fascination .
Thats why His Majesty called me , he explained , and the doubts in my mind grew .
Then how on earth can I understand it all ? I watched him scribble notes in a small notebook , clearly misunderstanding many parts .
He had no clue what he was reading .
How can I casually reveal this without putting myself in danger ? Staying silent was an option , but my gut told me it wasnt the right one , not when the enemy was seeking this information .
L … I can understand some of it too , I suddenly admitted , making his golden eyes widen as they snapped to mine .
My father … he was a scholar too .
He taught me some lessons about this mysterious language when I was a child , I invented the lie on the spot , but his intense stare made me nervous .
Im terrible at lying .
Did he catch me ? I see .
Thats … helpful .
Then perhaps you could assist me with this phrase here ? He pointed to a section of the carvings .
I leaned closer , pretending to think hard .
I made it seem like it was difficult , though I knew exactly what it said .
… and to the skies , it shall rise … like an eagle taking flight I recited it as if unsure , though I was certain .
Quinns face darkened , and he suddenly grabbed my arm , squeezing it firmly , Valeria , never never tell anyone you can read this , he warned gravely .
This is a dead language , used only by beings of darkness vampires , specters , and creatures more terrible than you can imagine .
My heart pounded in fear .
I couldnt hide it as I tried to pull away from his grip .
No, my father- Dont lie to me again .
The only traces of this dark script in the entire kingdom are locked away in our private library .
Its impossible for your father to have studied it less he had ties to the Dark Realm .
COMPLICES I shook my head frantically , panic rising .
That accusation would ruin my parents memory completely .
… What will you do with me now ? Just tell me … how do you know this language : I swear , I have no connection to the Vampire Kingdom ! 1 … I just understand whats written here .
It was the truth .
But I was still trembling , gnawing on my lower lip , ready to bolt .
Calm down , Valeria .
Breathe , he finally released me .
Dont be scared .
I wont expose you .
Your secret is safe with me but you must keep this from the King .
He hates the Dark Kingdom more than anyone .
Why would you keep a secret that could be considered treason ? Youre a Guardian … I stepped back , still unsure .
Because I like you , Valeria .
Ive liked you from the start .
I have no intention of harming you .
If you keep quiet , not one will ever hear about this from me .
Besides … its good to have someone who shares my passion for this language and can help me decipher it .
1 nodded slowly , watching him closely .
I wasnt sure if he was being truthful but I had already put the noose around my neck .
Thank you , Guardian Quinn , I whispered , genuinely grateful .
He didnt seem like a bad man .
But Ive been wrong before If youre truly grateful , help me figure this out .
Its incredibly complex .
This altar seems to be from when the kingdoms were still united , he requested .
And since I was already in this mess … I had no choice but to dive in .
I knelt beside him and began helping him decode the stones tale .
Why does the King hate them so much ? I finally blurted out .
Quinn hesitated .
Because … vampires slaughtered his newborn pups in their cradle .
He walked in on them .
In his rage , he lost .
control of his Lycan form , slaughtering the vampires but someone else also entered the room during his frenzy His mate .
The mother of his children .
And she died … under his claws .
VALERIA IS MINE VALERIA I froze at Quinns words .
He kept deciphering the message , but my mind could only think about what the King must have felt when his children were murdered , and he had to take his mates life with his own hands .
I know all too well that soul crushing pain that leaves you wanting nothing but death .
Aldric had it even worse I didnt carry my baby in my womb for long- He held his pups in his hands and loved his woman .
She didnt betray him like I was betrayed .
She didnt deserve to die .
She was his mate , so he had a companion , surely a beautiful female who shared his bed , his dreams , his life .
Someone he truly cherished .
Someone who bore his children .
Why did I feel so bitter inside ? I raised my hand and touched my scars .
I had never cared about them before , but now , comparing myself to a poor deceased woman , all kinds of insecurities tightened around my heart .
? Idiot , how can you even compare yourself to her ? Aldric will never see you that way .
Dont get your hopes up I scolded myself and forced my focus back on the text I had practically memorized by now .
<< Beautiful and mysterious, bold and alive , the most rebellious daughter of her father .
It was so dull just watching the creations from afar .
So vivid , so complex in themselves .
They loved , suffered , hated , and lived each day as if it were their last .
A longing grew in her heart , watching and wishing every night , until one day , she decided to break the rules and come down to play ? That was what the beginning of the story said .
It seemed to speak of a woman , and below , it described a place I didnt recognize .
Quinn seemed more interested in this part .
It looked like the location of another altar .
I dont quite understand where it could be … he murmured .
You got this wrong .
Its not lava ; its water .
It talks about a place with a large lake or something like that , I pointed out , and he stared at the passage .
Of course ! Of course ! How could I be so stupid ? It must be that pack near the waterfalls ! he exclaimed happily , like a child , and suddenly surprised me by grabbing me around the waist and lifting me up .
Youre amazing , Valeria ! Amazing ! Thank you ! he spun me around , laughing .
The sunlight reflected on his pale hair , and his smile was radiant , contagious .
I clung to his shoulders for balance , about to ask him to put me down when , looking toward the forest , I saw the man who always had the gift of showing up at the most suspicious moment .
###Chapter 31
VALERIA IS MINE VALERIA I froze at Quinns words .
He kept deciphering the message , but my mind could only think about what the King must have felt when his children were murdered , and he had to take his mates life with his own hands .
I know all too well that soul crushing pain that leaves you wanting nothing but death .
Aldric had it even worse I didnt carry my baby in my womb for long- He held his pups in his hands and loved his woman .
She didnt betray him like I was betrayed .
She didnt deserve to die .
She was his mate , so he had a companion , surely a beautiful female who shared his bed , his dreams , his life .
Someone he truly cherished .
Someone who bore his children .
Why did I feel so bitter inside ? I raised my hand and touched my scars .
I had never cared about them before , but now , comparing myself to a poor deceased woman , all kinds of insecurities tightened around my heart .
? Idiot , how can you even compare yourself to her ? Aldric will never see you that way .
Dont get your hopes up I scolded myself and forced my focus back on the text I had practically memorized by now .
<< Beautiful and mysterious, bold and alive , the most rebellious daughter of her father .
It was so dull just watching the creations from afar .
So vivid , so complex in themselves .
They loved , suffered , hated , and lived each day as if it were their last .
A longing grew in her heart , watching and wishing every night , until one day , she decided to break the rules and come down to play ? That was what the beginning of the story said .
It seemed to speak of a woman , and below , it described a place I didnt recognize .
Quinn seemed more interested in this part .
It looked like the location of another altar .
I dont quite understand where it could be … he murmured .
You got this wrong .
Its not lava ; its water .
It talks about a place with a large lake or something like that , I pointed out , and he stared at the passage .
Of course ! Of course ! How could I be so stupid ? It must be that pack near the waterfalls ! he exclaimed happily , like a child , and suddenly surprised me by grabbing me around the waist and lifting me up .
Youre amazing , Valeria ! Amazing ! Thank you ! he spun me around , laughing .
The sunlight reflected on his pale hair , and his smile was radiant , contagious .
I clung to his shoulders for balance , about to ask him to put me down when , looking toward the forest , I saw the man who always had the gift of showing up at the most suspicious moment .
1/2 31 VALERIA IS MINE Aldric was watching us with a murderous glare .
His cold eyes met mine in panic , and I felt like a cheating wife caught in the act .
Put me down , Guardian Quinn , put me down ! I said quickly , and he finally set me back on the ground .
His tension told me he had also noticed the King .
I see you two havent wasted any time , Aldrics voice came closer as he advanced toward the altar , radiating a deadly aura .
It was my excitement , sir .
I deciphered the message , and BOOM !  I barely saw it with my eyes wide open .
It was so fast and precise that all I could do was cover my mouth in shock Aldric had lunged at Quinn with impossible speed and punched him so hard in the face that he was sent flying several meters across the ground .
He then walked forward , growling like a beast and baring his canines as he approached where the Guardian lay , blood dripping from his lips .
I called you to make use of that junk I didnt burn because of you , not to flirt with my maiden .
He crouched down , grabbing Quinn by the shirt threateningly, his powerful aura crushing Quinns .
We werent flirting , sir .
I was the one who got too excited and lost control- Then control yourself .
Hear me , Quinn ? If I see you touching her again , Ill cut off your hands .
Valeria is mine ! Dont forget that , or Ill remind you in a far less gentle way ! Hearing his possessive claim , my heart pounded wildly in my chest .
But then I lowered my expectations .
Of course , he didnt want another man touching what he was going to use .
He turned to face me , and I shivered in fear .
I quickly dropped my gaze to my shoes , but I could hear him approaching .
His oppressive aura surrounded me like an invisible hand squeezing my throat .
Soon , he was right in front of me , so close that my nose brushed against his black shirt .
I bit my lower lip , bracing for punishment .
He lowered himself and pinched my chin , forcing me to lift my head .
His reddish hair tickled my cheeks .
His hot breath brushed against my sensitive ear .
Im not a man you can play with , Valeria , he warned , whispering so low it was meant for me alone .
We made a deal , and theres no turning back .
Your life , your body , your damn pussy theyre all mine .
Understand ? Let another male touch you again , and you cant even imagine the consequences .
A cold sweat ran down my spine .
? I didnt know whether to be terrified or aroused , but I ended up nodding to his dominant , commanding words .
I was property of the Lycan King Aldric Thorne .
There was no doubt about that and the worst part was , deep down , I didnt mind it at all .
###Chapter 32
THE SELECTION VALERIA At last , he released me from the pressure of his power , and could finally breathe again .
Guardian Quinn also stood up , wiping the blood from his bruised cheek despite his rapid healing .
That punch had been brutal .
Tell me , what did you discover ? he asked , the three of us standing before the Goddesss Altar .
Quinn explained everything he had deciphered .
There were actually quite a few mistakes , but I didnt think they mattered , so I didnt correct him .
Its clear it speaks of the Moon Goddess descending to earth to mingle with us .
Its part of an ancient legend , Aldric concluded .
www They seem to be searching for altars like this one , as it points to the location of another Lunar Altar , Quinn indicated the final lines .
They want to take some of the decorative pieces , like here .
That idiot Alpha gifted them silver stars that used to hang from the figure of the Moon .
His wife told me , Aldric added , making the whole thing feel like some kind of mysterious adventure .
We need to find the next ancient temple and stop them from taking what they want .
It cant be for anything good .
Maybe we still have time to set a trap for them .
Sir , I think I know where it might be .
It mentions a body of water rising almost to the sky , like a bird , Quinn informed him .
The Silver Lake pack , Aldric immediately pieced it together .
He was a very intelligent man .
Suddenly , he seemed to remember something .
He walked around the stone sculpture and crouched down to inspect the cracks closely .
Here last night , there was a trace of blood .
Its gone now .
It was strange , nothing Ive ever smelled before , he murmured before standing with a frown .
Lets return to the castle .
Theres nothing left for us here need to summon the Guardian Council .
Something very dark is stirring in the shadows , and I dont like it one bit With that , he strode back toward the inn , but not before sliding his hand around my waist , pressing me possessively to his side .
I followed with my head lowered and my cheeks burning .
? Your Majesty , please ! At least try to hide our private arrangement a bit ! All Im missing now is a tattoo on my forehead saying : King Lycans Mistress ! >> NARRATOR The Vampire Kings trusted general walked through the shadowed corridors of the dark castle .
His posture was not as fierce and confident as usual .
He had failed his mission and it wasnt the first time .
He pushed open the massive doors of the throne room , fingers trembling slightly before he quickly suppressed it .
THE SELECTION His Majesty was many things , but merciful was not one of them .
Failure was never tolerated .
Your Royal Highness , he knelt on one knee before the imposing figure seated on the throne , concealed by shadows .
Tell me , Darius , did you find the girl ? a guttural voice emerged from the darkness .
N no , no , Your Majesty .
We thought we had her , but … she wasnt the right one … Mmm … He stifled a groan of pain as his cheek was slashed out of nowhere , as if invisible claws had just torn it open .
The Vampire King hadnt even moved from his seat .
Then how did you manage to decipher the hidden message ? By … by the blood you gave us , Your Highness … BAM ! A violent crash echoed as the iron and gold throne was struck , making the brave general flinch , I told you to do whatever it takes to find the woman from the prophecy ! You know how important that blood is ! Do you think its unlimited ?! A tall , powerful figure with long black hair and glowing redeyes finally rose from the throne , stepping out of the shadows .
His face , ethereal and handsome like all men of his race , would have been perfect if not for the cruel , scowl it wore .
I I know , Your Majesty … the importance of Junos blood ..
No , you dont , you idiot ! You cant even begin to imagine ! he interrupted mercilessly , exasperated .
lifeless He had committed the worst of betrayals , the gravest crime all for that blood just to obtain this throne that was never his to begin with .
That blood was left for her daughter , and now theres barely any left because youve wasted it deciphering altars ! I need that woman who can read them ! NOW ! The stones of the castle walls seemed to tremble under the vampire Kings roar .
I know the next location .
Its in the Silver Lake pack .
We keep searching in secret and secure the next relic , Darius replied , head still lowered as droplets of blood stained the floor beneath him .
You better find someone useful this time , Darius .
Im aware youve alerted Aldric Thorne .
And that Lycan is not to be trifled with .
His sharp , elongated claws extended as they dug into Dariuss shoulder , making him clench his teeth to bear the pain .
There are plenty of candidates for generals but Junos blood is unique .
Waste it again , and youd better not → return , VALERIA I never thought seeing this ancient , dark castle again would fill me with so much relief .
It somehow felt like coming home Aldric was immediately busy it was clear he had far too much on his plate so I quietly returned to my duties as THE SELECTION a maid , as I always had .
I entered the chamber of the Kings mistresses and laughed bitterly at the irony of it all because now , I was one of them .
I had finally fallen into temptation , all thanks to that damn seductive butterfly .
I pulled open the curtains , shaking them when a knock echoed from the hallway .
Startled , I rushed to answer .
A footman stood waiting outside .
Ive come to ask you to select the Kings companions for tonight .
Hes currently in a meeting , and the housekeeper has instructed not to disturb him , he said , leaving me more confused by the second .
Companions for the King ? However , I followed him silently through the corridors until he led me to a room I had never seen before .
###Chapter 33
MISUNDERSTANDINGS VALERIA The disdainful stares didnt take long to arrive when they eagerly stood , expecting the King , and only saw his ugly maid .
Where is His Majesty ? one of them asked , glancing toward the door that had already closed .
The King cannot come personally .
I will be making the selection .
I dont even know how I managed to get those words out when my throat was drowning in thousands of negative thoughts .
Seriously ? Thats disappointing .
What kind of taste could she have ? Maybe shell pick the ugliest out of envy , Who are you to be doing something as important as selecting the possible future Queen ? a redhead with exotic features asked haughtily .
She was much taller than me , intimidating , probably a Beta All the women here were high ranking she wolves , but my anger was so consuming I couldnt care less about their pedigree .
If you have any complaints , you can take them up with the King himself .
Hes the one who sent me , I replied , shoving my irritation deep inside .
I wouldnt give them the satisfaction of seeing me jealous .
My identity doesnt concern you , but I dont think its very smart to insult the person deciding which of you gets the chance to spread her legs for His Majesty tonight , I added , staring them all down .
They seemed to finally understand that their ambitions now depended on my choices .
They lined up with sighs of resignation , standing side by side .
It seemed they had been instructed or perhaps this wasnt their first time here .
And so , I sank into yet another level of humiliation , selecting the perfect lovers for the same man who had sworn .
he wouldnt be with anyone else while our deal lasted .
Its unbelievable , the whole jealous spectacle he put on in front of Quinn , only to turn around and do this to me now .
I walked down the line , one by one , as they parted their robes to show me their assets .
All flawless , with perfect curves everything a male could want , I suppose .
I didnt even know his true preferences , so I just picked three , and honestly , they were the least attractive ones .
This isnt fair ! they immediately began to protest .
You damn ugly bitch ! I knew you did it on purpose! They insulted me , but I left the room in silence and gave my decision to the footman waiting outside .
I walked back to my room , most of my duties finished for the day .
MISUNDERSTANDINGS Once inside , I closed the door behind me , leaning against the wood in complete silence , staring blankly at the wall .
Something wet rolled down my wounded cheek , and when raised my fingers to wipe it away , I realized it was a tear .
I wiped it angrily .
I wouldnt let this continue .
Id find my own solution , as always .
Clearly , the part where I told him I wouldnt be part of his orgies hadnt sunk in .
I was relieved not to see him later .
He remained in the throne room , so I only served his dinner and left it covered on the table .
But the sound of laughter and voices from the fucking room -as I had come to call it still reached my ears .
I tried to ignore them while the damn jealousy burned inside me .
I called myself an idiot a thousand times , wishing I could go back to when none of this mattered , but it was too late now .
I made sure the access door was locked so they wouldnt enter this part of the castle .
… how can someone so deformed be at the Kings side ? Once Im the Queen , the first thing Ill do is exile her from the pack .
Queen , you ? Dream on , fool .
I came ready to get pregnant with His Majestys heir .
Ill make sure everything stays right inside me … As if conceiving a Lycan was that easy .
Besides , they say His Majesty never finishes inside anyone … I stepped away from the door , not wanting to hear their nonsense anymore .
I returned to my room without even touching dinner .
I wasnt hungry .
I washed myself in my small basin and slipped into my old nightgown .
I was pulling it over my bare torso when the door to my room suddenly burst open , startling me as a fierce and agitated Lycan stormed in like a madman .
His eyes immediately locked onto mine .
Valeria , its not what you think , King Aldric explained instantly , closing the door behind him and stepping closer .
I remained still , gripping the nightgown against my chest to keep it from falling I dont need to think anything , Your Highness .
Im just your maid , I replied coldly .
This time , I didnt lower my gaze .
I was so furious I wanted to punch him with my tiny fists , even if it hurt me more than it would him .
You are not just my maid , and you know it well .
We have a deal .
I would never break my word , especially ….
especially on this matter .
With you , I dont need anyone else .
He kept approaching cautiously , but I took a step back , keeping the distance between us .
Valeria , Ive been overwhelmed with everything going on forgot to inform Sasha that the selection was no longer necessary- Why do you do this , Your Majesty ? Its obvious Im nothing like those women .
You even sleep with multiple of them at once and then tell me youre satisfied with just me ? Do you pity me ? Am 1 some kind of rare freak to you ?! 249 33 MISUNDERSTANDINGS I finally let out what had been suffocating me for so long .
No ! Dont say that nonsense ! Suddenly , he was on me , wrapping his arms around my waist , his hand gripping the back of my neck firmly , controlling me .
I struggled , furious , wanting him to let me go , not to touch me , wishing I had never given in to this absurdity .
Fight all you want , but I wont let you go .
Look at me , Valeria .
Look me in the eyes , damn it ! he growled , and I lifted my defiant blue eyes to meet his .
For a second , I forgot he was the King , someone far superior .
All I saw was a treacherous man , and my painful past resurfaced , clouding my mind .
Pity doesnt make a man get hard for a woman , doesnt make him so aroused he turns into a beast and buries himself between her legs to suck out her orgasm .
Π Maybe you dont remember it well , but I remember everything everything is right here , Valeria ! He tapped his temple hard , and his words felt like a balm against my shattered heart full of rejection .
What happened today wont happen again .
I see you for what you truly are a beautiful female who could drive any male insane with desire .
Dont compare me to that bastard who rejected you .
Im not him .
He added through his teeth .
Id give anything to repeat last night , just you and me , and this time … go all the the way .
His finger trailed down , brushing over my lips as his mouth drew closer , seducing me with heated words .
The hand on my waist slid lower , cupping and kneading my 4ss , bunching up my nightgown as it rose higher .
Against my stomach , I could feel the hard pressure of his arousal , wild and unrestrained .
A lump formed in my throat as I drowned in wine and whispered promises but I wasnt planning to make it easy for him this time .
I was in rebellion mode .
Even if it wasnt his fault , I still had endured the humiliation and insults from his little lovers .
With his narrowed gray eyes devouring me like prey and his sinful lips nearly brushing mine , I turned my face to the side .
Sorry , Your Majesty , but tonight Im not under the effects of the spell .
I accept your apologies .
You may return to your chambers .
###Chapter 34
34 THE FROMISE THE PROMISE VALERIA I felt him freere , his lips brushing against my scarred cheek .
I thought he would withdraw , upset by my rejection , storming off like the ogre he usually was .
But Ive never been able to fully understand the King he remains a mystery to me .
A soft kiss landed on my scarred check , sending a shiver though my sensitive skin .
It felt more intimate than kissing on the lips .
My chest fluttered nervously .
He exhaled deeply and finally let me go .
The coldness immediately invaded my body without his erbrace .
Fine .
I understand your decision and that youre angry .
I wont force you into anything you dont want , he said quietly , and I thought this dramatic moment was finally over , that he would retreat to his room .
Instead , he walked to the old floral armchair near the bed and sat down calmly , crossing his legs and picking up a sewing book from the bedside table .
What are you doing , Your Majesty ? Is there something else you need ? I asked , confused by his actions .
No , I dont need anything .
Go on with your business , he replied without lifting his gaze from the yellowed pages .
Youre in my room , I pointed out logically , as if speaking to a fool .
Yes , and ? Im the master of this entire castle , including this room .
Ive decided I want to read this book here now , he said nonchalantly , and I wanted to scream in his smug face and hurl insults at him .
He didnt even look at me , continuing to pretend to read about sewing the book was upside down ! Idiot king , arrogant , overbearing , dominant ! Aaaagh , how Id love to bite him ! Fine , if he wants war , then war hell get .
Im not giving in to his whims this time .
After all , hes already seen everything there is to see .
I dropped my hands from my chest , letting the soft , worn nightgown fall to my hips , where it bunched up .
My torso was now exposed , and if theres one thing Im proud of , its my full breasts .
I leaned over the chest at the foot of the bed , pretending to rummage as if I had endless outfits to choose from .
I glanced sideways for a second and caught him peeking over the book .
His intense gray eyes burned with heat , testing my boldness and resolve .
I finally pulled out a spare nightgown , but I hesitated for a moment .
Being this brazen without the help of that seductive butterfly was proving harder than I thought .
In the end , like a coward , I turned suy back , intending to change in the bathroom .
13 THE PROMISE Do it here , his rough voice stopped me .
Finish what you started , Valeria , or I cant promise what I might do I was just going to change , sir … Then change , here , in this room .
Or do you need help ? N no , I stammered , caught in my own trap .
Ahhh , butterfly , teach me how to be a temptress because Im pathetic at seducing a man ! Without turning , I pushed my dress down , letting it fall around my legs and wrinkle at my feet.
Bend over and pick it up from the floor , he commanded in this twisted game .
Wasnt this supposed to be a punishment for him ? I bent down , my rear in the air , completely at the mercy of his lustful gaze that burned my intimacy like fire .
Sshh , I heard a perverse hiss behind me , and I quickly straightened , grabbing the spare gown and slipping it over my head .
No , turn around .
I want to see all of you .
Oh no , by the Goddess ! What have I done ? I turned slowly , frozen in place .
Aldric sat with his shirt partially open , massaging the outline of his erection , visible and tight against his black trousers .
Sitting with legs spread , canines bared , and licking his lips like a predator eyeing its prey me His wolf eyes roamed over me , stopping at the triangle between my legs , devouring me with his gaze Mmm , my , my memories dont do you justice , he murmured , his hand moving faster over his length .
A suspicious stain spread across the fabric .
I swallowed hard .
I was getting too aroused , falling into a game where he was clearly the expert and I remained the novice .
Breathing heavily and with trembling hands , I finally pulled the gown on and practically ran to my bed , diving under the covers like a frightened rabbit .
I turned to face the wall , curling up and pulling the blanket over half my face , leaving only my hair visible .
My heart raced wildly because of this man who was turning any world upside down I didnt know how much time had passed , but eventually , I fell asleep .
Suddenly , in the middle of my dreams , I felt the bed dip .
The blanket lifted , and a warm body pressed against my back .
His scent surrounded me , and I knew it was him .
His knee sid between my legs , and his hand gripped my waist , pulling me tightly against his chest .
Both of us squished into this tiny bed , the King sleeping beside me when he had a comfortable room and a massive bed of his own .
Provoking me like that and leaving me hard will cost you later , rebellious maid .
I hope youre ready for the THE PROMISE consequences , he whispered into my dreams .
A smile crept onto my lips as I pressed closer to the powerful Lycan .
? I cant wait to face the consequences , my King .
Im dying to face them .
? Those were my last thoughts before falling into a deep sleep .
When I woke up the next morning , he was already gone .
The bed was cold , but I knew he had spent the entire night with me , nearly crushing me deliciously with his massive body .
I got up in a good mood , stretching as I gazed out the small window at the forest outside .
Lowering my hand , something caught my attention .
There was a small red tattoo , round , on the inside of my wrist that hadnt been there before .
I examined it closely .
Among intricate symbols , there seemed to be initials : AT .
I immediately thought of Aldric Thorne .
What has His Majesty done to my body now ? Its a blood spell from the King , the housekeeper explained when I asked , driven by curiosity .
His Majesty made a promise to you and sealed it with his blood before the Goddess .
It means that if he breaks it , he could even die .
Her explanation surprised me , but warmth spread inside me .
He had promised to be only with me while our pact lasted .
I apologize for asking you to make the selection .
His Majesty made it very clear to me that its strictly forbidden now , she added , studying me with deep , inquisitive eyes .
Of course , she wasnt foolish .
She had clearly noticed that things had changed between the King and me .
Thank you , Housekeeper , I replied , slightly embarrassed .
This letter arrived for the King from the Silver Lake pack Please deliver it to the training grounds , she said , handing me an official letter .
I took it and headed to one of the many gyms .
When I arrived and pushed open the door , I was met with an incredible and thrilling sight .
###Chapter 35
LYCANS TRAINING VALERIA Vale ! Walking toward the training gym , I heard the hurried voice of Juliette behind me the maid who had always been kind to me .
Hi , Jul … wait ! Youre going to trip and fall face first ! I exclaimed, grabbing the large basket of laundry she was carrying before she nearly toppled into it .
Whew ! I thought you wouldnt hear me ! How are you feeling ? Still in pain ? she asked , looking me over as if searching for injuries .
In pain ? I blinked , confused .
Yeah , the housekeeper said yesterday when I asked about you that you werent feeling well and had gone to your room .
Oh , Val , you missed everything ! she exclaimed excitedly , then glanced around the hallway before stepping closer to me , whispering .
I tensed slightly at her closeness , always expecting people to criticize my scarred face , but Juliette never seemed to care about that Let me tell you His Majesty was furious yesterday ! There was a whole scandal in his chambers with those women you selected ! Her eyes sparkled , brimming with gossip .
They didnt want to leave and caused a full blown rebellion .
His Majesty dragged them out and threw them naked in front of the castle without a care ! Oh , it was humillating every servant was at the windows , whistling and offering them money for the night ! The entire staff came out to watch them cry and scream like maniacs .
And get this when they started insulting you , His Majesty finally reacted and roared so loudly that one of them … well , lets just say she wet herself .
They shut up immediately , as if their mouths had been sewn shut , and they were carted off in the garbage wagon ! Oh , it was hilarious ! Juliette burst out laughing , thoroughly enjoying the humiliation of those women .
Honestly , you missed a show , but look on the bright side you got rid of cleaning the substance that the cow releases she teased , winking at me .
I suddenly remembered what had happened with the King in the woods , kneeling in front of him , my mouth open .
All of Aldrics substance had ended up in my stomach .
I coughed awkwardly , trying to dispel my impure thoughts Yeah , the housekeeper told me I wouldnt have to do the selections anymore , I replied as we walked together down the hall , speaking softly .
Oh , they wiped the floor with the housekeeper ! His Majesty called her to the throne room , and she came back looking like a serial killer worse than usual , Juliette whispered conspiratorially .
I figured it was because she had sent me to choose those women .
I just hoped the housekeeper wouldnt hold a grudge against me for it .
Well , thanks for checking on me .
Im feeling better , I said , stopping .
I supposed the whole not feeling well story had been an excuse to explain my absence during the drama .
35 LYCANS TRAINING Im heading to the gym to deliver a letter to His Majesty .
The gym ? Oh , Im so jealous ! Id love to see all those hunks sweating and beating each other up .
Must be eye candy galore ! Juliette ! Get going before you get yourself into trouble one of these days , I scolded , pushing her playfully as she stuck her tongue out like a mischievous child and walked off with her laundry .
Take a peek for me and tell me all about it ! she called back , making me shake my head .
No matter what , she always managed to make me smile .
1 continued toward my destination , descending the stairs .
The gymns were located in several of the castles underground levels .
I paused in front of a sturdy metal door , hesitating about entering a space filled with men .
But maybe it was just His Majesty training alone .
I pushed the door open gently , revealing stairs that led down to an enormous circular arena in the center .
Two burly Lycans were exchanging blows of every kind .
The atmosphere was dim , with only the fighting area illuminated by large hanging lamps .
The air reeked of sweat , testosterone , raw strength , and savagery as the two muscular , sweaty bodies clashed , each trying to overpower the other .
I descended the stairs cautiously , searching for the King .
I didnt want any trouble , but , as usual , trouble seemed to follow me like a magnet .
Hey , thats cheating ! one of the Lycans suddenly shouted Id never seen him before .
He seemed younger , with dark brown hair and piercing green eyes .
as they Thats why I hate fighting pups .
They always end up whining , the bald , bulky Lycan grumbled irritably as shoved each other apart .
Then the younger Lycan looked toward me , and his face lit up as if hed seen heaven .
A sinking feeling of bad premonition washed over me .
Hey , maid ! Come over here , youll be our judge ! Youll decide whos the strongest ! No , I just … Wait ! I protested , but he dashed up the wide stairs in no time and grabbed my hand , dragging me into the battle arena .
Youre insane , Dave ! Let her go , now ! the burly Lycan roared as soon as he got a good look at me .
as he His face was full of panic , as if I could knock him out with a single punch .
It might have been amusing if I didnt realize he wasnt scared of me .
He was terrified of someone else .
An enormous , ferocious wolf who could show up at any moment .
###Chapter 36
MY REWARD VALERIA Why not ? Are you afraid someone will find out youre a cheater ? Look at this serious maid here ; shell know exactly how to choose the most handsome one , wont you , darling? He threw his arm over my shoulders , and I froze completely Clearly , the darling was meant to sway me in his favor .
I was about to pull away any way I could when- What the hell ?! S sir ? His voice trembled , and I wished I could melt into the floorboards .
His arm was yanked roughly off my shoulders , and a pained groan escaped his lips , though he tried to mask it .
Touch my maid so casually again , Dave , and Ill cut off your arm , Aldrics cold voice rang out from behind me , sending chills through my entire body .
Y your maid ? By the Goddess , Ive completely lost my mind ! I didnt know , sir ! If I had , Id never have been so bold , Dave stammered .
M maid- I mean , forgive Guardian Valeria wait , damn it ! Forgive me , I mean Guardian Dave … Pit , if you propose to your mate like that , shell kick your ass , Dave , came a muffled laugh from the shadows , followed by teasing chuckles at the poor young Lycan , who was starting to feel sorry for .
I turned my head toward the voices , spotting three figures .
It looked like Guardian Quinn , the woman who was always with him , and another black haired Lycan I didnt recognize , all laughing at Daves expense .
It seemed Aldric had been sitting with them , which is why thadnt noticed him when I arrived .
Your Majesty , pardon the interruption .
I came to deliver this letter , I said , turning to face him and bowing respectfully as I pulled the missive from my pocket .
I expected to see the ferocious wolfs usual furious expression , but to my surprise , he looked relaxed unlike Dave , whose sweat dripped down his temple .
You never interrupt .
Come , we could actually use a judge , Aldric said , catching me off guard .
He stretched out his hand to take mine , pulling me toward the front row seats .
See ? Even the King agrees that she should decide , I heard Maid Dave say to the bald Lycan .
Youve just gotten us all in trouble , and well settle this later … the other grumbled .
Now sit here and decide whos the strongest Lycan of all , Aldric said , making me sit down .
He leaned in close , his face mere inches from mine .
He was dressed in black , his muscular arms exposed , his reddish hair tied back in a half up , effortlessly sexy style .
Remember very well who will bring you pleasure when the Aurum butterfly asks for a male to satisfy her , he whispered low into my ear , drawing out each word .
A shiver fluttered through my belly .
It was obvious who the winner would be .
MY REWARD The black haired one slapped his rear , teasing that it was s fault the King had beaten them all .
It was so amusing to see them like this , so relaxed , that I realized some rumors might not be entirely true .
They were rough and lethal men , yes , but they were also flesh and blood , with unique lives and personalities .
They loved , hated , dreamed , and had goals .
They werent always out killing anyone in their path .
The most intimidating presence of all stepped in front of me , blocking the lamps light with his broad figure .
He leaned over the seat , resting both hands on the armrests trapping me as he invaded all of my personal space .
I had to tilt my head up to meet his gaze .
Ive won , Valeria .
What are you going to give me as my reward ? Reward ? Damn it , I forgot about the reward ! I parted my lips slightly to answer , but instead , I received a delicious kiss from my boss , the Lycan King .
###Chapter 37
UNDRESSING THE KING VALERIA 1 barely had time to react before I was assaulted by the cold , sexy lips of the King .
My back collided with the wooden backrest , completely trapped between his mouth and the chair .
A rough hand gripped the nape of my neck , urging me to lift my head further , surrendering completely to the heated invasion of his tongue as it claimted my mouth , nearly reaching my throat .
I felt as if I were floating , my brain deprived of enough oxygen .
My jaw ached slightly , and I raised my hands , clutching his shoulders , digging my nails into his skin to keep myself grounded .
A muffled growl reverberated in my mouth .
We panted heavily , breathing each others air , a thin silver thread of saliva connecting us .
I opened my blue eyes slightly , meeting the Kings wolf gray gaze .
I could see the beast roaring within him .
The tip of his tongue grazed my trembling lower lip , giving it a soft tug before nibbling on it with his canines .
My chest heaved , my heart pounding as molten blood rushed through my veins , all the way to my soaked core , pulsing with excitement .
Come .
I need my reward now , and I know very well youre affected by the curse , he suddenly whispered , his voice hot and husky .
I barely had time to process his words before he lifted me effortlessly in his muscular arms , carrying me like a princess with powerful strides toward a hallway and a door at the end .
It led to the shared showers and lockers used after training .
Nervousness gripped me .
The truth was , I wasnt that experienced , and the claim about the curse wasnt true .
Still , I didnt deny it , continuing to play along in this increasingly complicated game .
He set me down on the floor and rummaged through a larger closet , pulling out clean towels and a change of clothes .
me as he His eyes roamed over me as he grabbed one of his shirts .
What is this man plotting now ? Alright , Ive won , so its time to claim whats mine , he said , tossing everything onto a long wooden bench and approaching me like a predator stalking its prey .
W what does Your Majesty want from me ? I asked in a low voice , feigning ignorance .
Asly , sexy smile appeared on his masculine face , and , honestly , my panties were already slipping off without any help .
I think you know exactly what I want , Valeria , he murmured , his breath brushing against my ear , my nose grazing his chest , intoxicated by his wine like scent .
We have an agreement , and tonight Im going to give this beedy pussy exactly what it craves until its screaming 37 UNDRESSING THE KING with release .
Undress your King .
Tonight , youll bathe me .
o His dark command fell , and I couldnt didnt want to resist .
I wanted to live, to feel , to experience like never before .
Id deal with the consequences later .
He stepped back and sat on the edge of the bench , leaning back slightly with his hands resting behind him , his legs spread wide , waiting for me to strip off his sweat drenched clothes that clung to his powerful muscles .
I walked slowly , my eyes glued to the hard , prominent bulge shaped like a rod that stretched the fabric of his pants , ready to escape its prison .
I slid between his legs , moving closer again , and he tilted his head to watch me intently , making no move to assist .
His fiery hair stuck to his sweaty skin , as wild and scorching as he was .
L lift your arms , sir … Say Say my name .
When were alone , youll only call me by my name , Valeria , he clarified , inhaling deeply just below my breasts , making me shudder with pleasure .
A … Aldric , I managed to stammer , struggling with the intimacy , and he growled in satisfaction , lowering hist head dangerously close to the area between my thighs .
Y your hands … I need to take off your shirt , I reminded him , swallowing hard to get his attention .
He straightened up , raising his arms above his head .
? Goddess , give me patience with this insatiable Lycan ? 1 prayed desperately as his flexed muscles came into view .
I had to step even closer to grab the hem of his shirt and start lifting it .
The entire time , he teased me burying his nose in my hair , licking my neck , and even moaning into my ear every time my fingers brushed his skin .
He turned the simple act of removing a shirt into something so scorching that I doubted Id survive getting to his pants .
Id die of overstimulation before I even got there .
###Chapter 38
LUJURIA VALERIA I know he loves my submission Lycans are obsessed with domination and control .
He leans back , resting his hands on the bench , watching me challengingly , as if daring me to disobey .
But I dont ; Im dying to see just how far I can push this will man over the edge .
His hips are level with my chest , and my hands move to unbutton his pants one by one , brushing constantly against that damp bulge thats tempting me to lick it .
Mmm , Aldric growls , arching his pelvis upward as I finally manage to undo the buttons , sweat trickling down my back and wetness pooling at my core .
Take off the boxers already , you teasing woman .
Youve got me so hard Im about to come with my clothes on .
1 glance up at him and see his canines bared , danger pouring from his almost white gray eyes .
His oppressive , heated aura wraps around me , ready to consume me .
1 grip the waistband of his boxers and pull them down along with his combat pants .
Aldric lifts his hips , letting the fabric slide down his muscular thighs until it gets stuck around his legs .
An enormous , veiny erection springs free , bouncing right in front of my face , standing tall and almost slapping me .
It leans slightly to the right , with a slick strand of pre cum tripping from its flushed tip , connecting it to the fabric of his boxers .
The scent is so intense , so masculine a mix of aged wine and concentrated pleasure that my mouth starts to water .
Hypnotized , I lean forward with my eyes closed , inhaling the scent from the slit where the sticky pre cum flows .
My hand wraps around the thick base , guiding it to my mouth .
My tongue glides along the shaft , licking up and savoring that dark , sensual essence .
I swirl my tongue around the tip repeatedly before finally enveloping it with my lips , sucking greedily and moaning with pleasure .
It throbs hotly in my mouth , spilling its salty liquid into my cavity as I suck harder , nearly choking on this thick , delicious cock .
Aldric is growling like a madman above me , and I can hear the obscene sounds of my slurping and gagging .
Saliya overflows from the corners of my stretched lips , dripping down my chin as my hand strokes the length that my throat cant take .
The raw need to touch myself burns through me , and I slide my hand down , lifting my dress .
My fingers push aside my soaked panties to rub my aching lit , moaning around the Kings cock filling my mouth .
I realize Ive never wanted anyone like this before not even Dorian , and I was supposed to be so in love with him .
Im desperate to climax , plunging two fingers deep into my pussy .
I imagine its Aldric tormenting me as I pump them in and out , curling them to stab that spot that makes me see stars .
NI LUNIRA Mmm , Aldric , come in my mouth … Ah , Aaah … Ssshh , give it all to me , my Lycan , I moan , lost in my passion , on my knees as I milk the King with my mouth , pleasuring myself shamelessly like a total deviant .
Sssshh … Nnmmm … No , Ive held back too much .
Valeria , dont play with me , woman .
Today wont end with just a blowjob and you passing out ! His desperate growl echoes in my mind , and I realize Ive spoken to him telepathically for the first time and hes responded intimately .
Its a connection just between us , making my heart beat in a strange , thrilling way .
Suddenly , he grabs my hair , firmly pulling my head back .
His cock slips obscenely from between my lips with a wet pop , leaving behind sticky remnants that I lick away .
He takes the hand Ive been using under my dress , and I blush as my fingers , glistening with my slick juices , come into view .
Mmmm , Aldric groans , leaning forward to guide my fingers to his mouth , sucking off what had just been inside me .
I feel like a slave kneeling before her master , his breath ragged , his glowing eyes fierce .
He grits his teeth so hard the muscles in his jaw bulge , as if theyre about to burst .
Youre not allowed to orgasm on your own , Valeria .
And one of these days , I swear , I wont hold back from your teasing .
Ill shove it so deep into you youll feel it in your stomach lets see if you can handle all of me , he threatens , but Im not afraid .
I know he wont actually do it ; he enjoys my attentions far too much .
Now start unbuttoning your dress .
You need to bathe me dont forget .
###Chapter 39
I HELP YOU OUT OF PITY VALERIA He keeps his grip on my hair , forcing me to meet his hungry gaze as it locks onto my hands , slowly undoing the front of my corset .
One by one , the bindings loosen , exposing my heavy , taut breasts that bounce free from the constraints of the fabric .
His tongue licks over his long canines not even his beasts and the powerful erection in front of me twitches , betraying Aldrics lust and just how aroused he is .
Its because of me .
Im the one driving him to this extreme , and its intoxicating the feeling of being desired , of setting a man this sensual ablaze in such a raw , primal way ! I push my dress down over my hips , leaving myself in nothing but panties as I kneel before the Lycan King .
Anyone could walk into the showers and witness this scene .
Anyone could discover Im His Majestys lover .
Stand up , he commands , his voice unyielding .
My legs , shaky and slightly numb , manage to lift me upright .
I sway forward , placing my hands on his strong shoulders for support .
My long black hair falls , covering my exposed breasts .
His hands grip my hips to steady me , his touch both firm and caressing .
His fevered skin burns against mine as we press together , desperate for more .
He wastes no time moving his hands to the waistband of my panties .
I think hes about to strip away the final barrier and claim me , but he does the opposite .
With a rough motion , he yanks my panties upward , the coarse fabric wedging between my folds and digging into my cheeks .
Nmmm , sir , I moan , my voice thick with heat and overstimulation from my earlier touches .
My clit pulses against the constant friction of the fabric rubbing back and forth .
My soaked pussy throbs as Aldric manipulates my panties , teasing me to the brink of orgasm I spread my legs wider , letting the fabric press deeper , and lift one knee onto his strong thigh .
My hips grind shamelessly like those of a desperate woman my tongue peeking out and my eyes shut tight from the pleasure .
Nothing else matters .
I just want to reach the peak .
I collapse against him as he pants like a wolf in heat .
My fingers tangle in his fiery hair as I bury my face against him , inhaling deeply , drowning in his scent of aged wine .
One of my breasts is captured by his mouth , which sucks it roughly and greedily , growling like a beast .
He devours my nipples while his relentless hands nearly bury my panties inside my aching heat .
38.
) HET P YOU OUT Moan in my mind , damn it .
I want to hear you invade my thoughts again Aaaahhh , I scream , fragmented , through our bond , pressing him closer against me .
My legs tremble as a searing orgasm tears through my senses .
Suddenly , the world spins , Im grabbed by my hips and laid flat on the hard wooden bench where Aldric had been sitting moments before .
My panties are ripped away , and now I have a desperate , arcused Lycan between my spread legs , licking and drinking my orgasin .
My eyes roll back in pleasure as I squeeze my breasts , his touch igniting me .
Im consumed by dark lust .
1 arch my pelvis , digging my heels into the bench to lift my hips , offering him every drop of my nectar .
He growls and pants between my thighs , fucking my folds with his long Lycan tongue .
This man makes me feel things I never imagined possible between two bodies .
I wonder if Ill become addicted to this intense pleasure so much so that no one else will ever be able to satisfy me .
Finally , Aldric pulls away , giving me a moment to breathe .
I lie sprawled on the bench , hands still on my sensitive breasts , panting with satisfaction , my legs open .
We devour each other with our eyes .
His gaze travels from my scarred face , down my sweaty skin , to my swollen center , still aching from his torment and indulgence .
He wipes his glossy mouth with his hand , licking the last bit of my essence from his finger .
I swore Id make you come with my cock tonight , taming that needy sheath , but its impossible to resist your taste , he says in his rough voice .
I admit it , Valeria .
Im addicted to your bittersweet chocolate .
I swallow , confused but too dazed to fully understand .
I suppose thats how I taste to him , even though I dont have werewolf pheromones .
We got a little sidetracked , but no matter .
We can still execute the original plan .
This way , youll be nice and stretched when I take you with this .
His hand boldly grips his dangerously swollen , almost purple length .
Steam practically escapes from my ears .
What happened to only helping me when I was under the spell ? Your Majesty , dont play fool .
You know full well Im completely sober !
###Chapter 40
ESCAPING FROM THE LYCAN KING VALERIA Still , I had already taken advantage of him it was only fair to return the favor .
I let him grab me by the waist and hips , pulling me against his solid body to lift me up .
<< Im only helping out of camaraderies I told myself , keeping my thoughts carefully hidden from his mind .
? Of course , its just pity .
It has nothing to do with the tingling I felt imagining that thing splitting me in half like a melon Aldric kissed me again , yanking me out of my chaotic thoughts .
This time , the kiss was more intimate , sensual .
He bent down to my smaller height , both of us naked and sucky with sweat , his hands caressing my back and hips as I clung to his chest with mine .
He guided me toward the shower , one step at a time .
But suddenly , everything went to hell .
Aldric tensed , his body going rigid .
He pulled me behind him protectively , turning toward the entrance with a guttural growl .
His aura shifted from heated to icy and furious as the door slammed open , followed by loud moans .
Peeking out from behind him , I saw the young Lycan , Dave , walking in while carrying a servant girl with her dress bunched up around her waist .
Her legs were wrapped around his hips , and it was blatantly clear the moans were hers not that I could blame her .
Her thong was pushed to the side , and Daves fingers were plunging into her roughly .
The heated scene came to a screeching halt as Dave realized mid lust that something was terribly wrong .
Dont stop , master … more Shut up , get down ! Now , get off me ! Daves voice turned panicked the moment he saw Aldric .
Without even seeing the Kings face , I knew he was in murder mode .
His razor sharp , oppressive aura filled the shower area , though I could feel it shielding me from his wrath .
Poor Dave what a monumental screw up .
Again .
Y y your M majesty … Dave stammered incoherently .
His gaze flicked to the naked Lycan King , and then behind him to me .
I quickly ducked behind Aldrics massive frame .
Keep your damn eyes on me , Dave , because I swear on my ancestors Ill rip them out right now ! Aldric roared , making the servant girl scream as she dropped to her knees Dave yelled at her to get out , shouting profanities .
The entire scene devolved into chaos , while I , completely embarrassed , tried to cover myself with my hands .
Not ( 40.
ESCAPING FROM THE LYCAN KòNG that it mattered Aldrics massive frame shielded me from view .
1 I didnt know you … that you were here … I told you clearly through the mental link not to come near the gym not even if the entire kingdom was on fire ! Where the hell were your head and nose , Dave ?! ? Probably where you had yours just now , Your Majesty ? I thought , rolling my eyes despite the awkward situation .
I I didnt hear you , s sir … but Ill go … Goodbye , Valeria !.
DAVE ! Dave bolted , and Aldric charged after him like a beast unleashed .
A naked beast with a raging erection .
Goddess , this felt like a comedy , and I was trapped in it whether I liked it or not .
I grabbed my clothes and dressed hurriedly .
Id wash off the evidence of our escapade in my room .
I felt sorry for the King , but after that interruption , my boldness and lust had deflated completely .
Growls and crashing sounds echoed from outside poor Dave .
Hed be lucky if it only took him a week to recover from the beating .
I wandered through the maze of showers , searching for another exit .
I didnt want to walk out the main entrance and risk seeing the chaos outside .
I slipped out through a small back door I found , which led to the laundry collection area .
Walking briskly , I glanced nervously over my shoulder , fixing my hair and straightening my dress .
Luckily , since I was the Kings maid and always by his side, no one would suspect I carried his scent .
Valeria , dont you dare leave me like this ! I heard a roar in my mind , and I knew hed discovered me .
Without hesitation , I broke into a run , unable to stop the grin spreading across my face like a mischievous child caught in the act .
My dress and long black hair billowed behind me as I darted through the castles dark halls , my old slippers slapping against the cold tiles , my laughter echoing off the walls .
I couldnt remember the last time Id laughed so freely , so genuinely being myself without restraint .
Who wouldve thought that teasing the most bloodthirsty and dangerous man in the kingdom could feel so satisfying ? Id pay for my daring later with plenty of pleasure .
Thats why I had a shameless little butterfly inside me , giving me the perfect excuse .
###Chapter 41
QUINNS SECRETS QUINN Stop making that face , like someone just died … Nmmm … I couldnt help but groan in pain , clutching several fractured ribs as I lay back on the bed .
Why are you doing this , Quinn ? I told you to stay away from that woman .
Its obvious the King has become infatuated with her .
This is his warning .
He noticed you paying too much attention to his maid ! Ah , damn it , easy , Celine , or youll end up piercing my heart with the tip of a rib .
Her rough hands were cleaning the blood from my torso , and as always , there was no trace of delicacy .
Sometimes I even doubted she was a woman .
Are you even listening to me ?! Of all the women , youre interested in her ?! she shouted , exasperated , straightening up .
Yes , sister , Im listening .
Its just … Valeria is different .
She has so many mysterious things about her that draw me in .
I dont know why , but I cant stop following her with my eyes every time we cross paths , I finally confessed with a sigh .
I know exactly what attracts you to that maid … I tensed when she added that , her gaze lowered as she stood at the edge of my bed .
They look so much alike , but she isnt that woman , Quinn .
End this stupid obsession of yours , or it will get you killed .
Heal yourself its your own fault for being an idiot She threw the bloodied cloth at my face and stormed out of the room , furious ..
Valeria can read them , Celine , I called out , watching her stop at the door , still facing away from me .
I dont know what connection she has to the Dark Kingdom , but she can read the Altars to the Goddess .
Maybe ….
maybe she could help us heal you .
I dont care for her help if it means your death , Quinn , she replied in a low voice .
And now , even more , youve told me that .
Its just another reason to stay far away from the danger she represents .
since You risk your life every day by hiding me right under the Kings nose .
What do you think His Majesty will do when he discovers his maid has ties to the Dark Kingdom ? She finally turned to face me , her eyes turning completely black , like two endless voids .
Celine ; he … I dont know .
Thats also why I dont want to leave her to her fate .
Valeria isnt even aware of the danger shes in with Aldric … He will kill her .
Just as he will kill you if he finds out youre hiding a hybrid , with half her blood from the Dark Kingdom .
Brother , forget that woman , or all your sacrifices until now will be meaningless .
I wont sit by and watch you destroy yourself over an obsession And with that , she stormed out , slamming the door shut behind her .
I leaned back against the headboard , sighing in frustration , closing my eyes to summon my powerful lycan strength and speed up my healing .
41 QUINNS SECRETS Valerias vibrant blue eyes invaded my mind , just like the moment I first saw her and almost thought I was seeing an illusion .
That mysterious woman who haunts my thoughts seemed to have come to life right before my eyes .
Yet Valeria wasnt that female … and Aldric , too , had fallen under the spell of his maid .
Im not afraid of the King , even though hes stronger than me .
But its foolish to anger him that would mean leaving the castle and losing access to the ancient manuscripts .
I cant .
I wont leave .
I have to find the cure for Celine .
I need to save my younger sisters life and forget the dangerous temptation that Valeria represents .
VALERIA 1 successfully slipped away to the laundry area where the other maids were busy with their chores .
They all looked up when they saw me , but then returned to their tasks , with their sleeves and dresses rolled up over their thighs , sitting in front of large soapy tubs filled with the masters garments .
1 pretended to be there to collect some folded and ironed clothes from the Kings chambers , but the housekeeper caught me with free time and gave me extra work .
So here I was , holding my dress up with both hands to keep it from getting soaked , barefoot , along with the other girls stomping on the massive winter blankets .
As always , I worked in silence , enduring the sticky discomfort between my legs .
I just wanted to leave , but suddenly , a hushed silence froze me in place .
Sir ? … What brings you to the service area ? Do you need anything ? the housekeeper asked as she walked towards where I assumed Aldric was standing .
And I say assumed because I didnt even dare to turn and look at him .
My feet felt like two hammers , pounding the fluffy blankets faster and faster from how nervous I had become .
I could feel the others subtle glances on me , and I thought that any moment now , Id hear him order me back to his side .
Nothing , I just wanted to give you some instructions for the next few days while Im away from the castle , he finally answered in a rough voice , and even without eyes on the back of my head , I knew very well that he was watching me .
His searing gaze burned my body and made my heart race .
Now that he was so close , I wasnt as brave as when I used to run off through the corridors .
Very well , Im at your service , sir , the housekeeper assured , and then I heard them leave .
The air escaped my lips in a long , relieved sigh .
Hey , Valeria ! Wait , woman , youre going to tear a hole in the bedding if you keep that up ! Youre splashing everywhere ! The girls suddenly shouted , and I realized I looked like a duck in a puddle , splashing water and soap all over the 41 , QUINNS SECRETS place .
Everyone had stopped when the King arrived .
I was the only fool still stomping away .
Im sorry , I apologized , embarrassed , finally stopping with my feet swollen and aching .
Damn perverted King , youre going to drive me insane !
###Chapter 42
ALDRICS PAST VALERIA Freed from my task and without the housekeeper watching I decided to slip away with the excuse of organizing the Kings clothes in his closet .
So I grabbed a basket with clean sheets and walked into the castle .
I reached the ebony door and hesitated for a moment , unsure whether to step into the wolfs den or not .
Come on , Valeria , dont be ridiculous .
The agreement was fulfilled , and now its time to return to a professional dynamic worker and employer .
Im the maid , and hes the King .
I told myself, straightening my posture , because if every time Aldric and I shared intimacy under our arrangement , I acted like a nervous girl , then this was bound to fail .
I entered with a serious expression , advancing into the room on legs that felt like jelly .
I knocked softly , but no one answered , so I pushed the door open and stepped into His Majestys chambers .
The delicious scent of wine immediately assaulted my senses .
This was his private , intimate space , and everything here smelled like Aldric .
I walked toward the massive wardrobe and began arranging the sheets and some of his shirts , I got so lost in my tasks that time passed , and I completely calmed down .
I looked at the wardrobe , pleased with how I had managed to organize it bit by bit in my own way .
Suddenly , something on the floor caught my attention .
Its whiteness stood out starkly in the dim lighting .
I walked to the far end of the room .
I almost never ventured into this narrower section because it held the lords jewels gemstone rings , gold cufflinks , all the most valuable items and I didnt want him to think I was snooping through his valuables or that anything might go missing .
I bent down to pick it up , and it seemed like an old photograph .
When I turned it over , I was slightly taken aback .
It was a beautiful woman with short black hair , elegant , wearing a navy blue dress , embraced by a much larger man with dark red hair who was kissing her lips .
It wasnt just the kiss itself but the overwhelming love radiating from that simple image between those two people .
It was obvious this was the King and his former mate .
The creaking of a door snapped me out of my thoughts .
I thought His Majesty had caught me , but when I lifted my head , I saw the sound came from a small wooden door at the back of the wardrobe that I hadnt even known existed .
It must have accidentally stayed open , and thats where this photograph had fallen from .
I knew I shouldnt be snooping I was breaking every rule the housekeeper had given me but like a fool , I raised my hand and pushed open that barrier separating me from King Aldrics secrets , My eyes widened in shock .
ALORS PAST It was a meticulously organized shelf , not a speck of dust , if he cleaned it himself .
There were well protected boxes on the lower shelves , and on the upper ones , a large , heavy book .
I took it carefully and opened it .
It was filled with more and more paintings , all of her , immortalizing their love in both human and wolf forms- intimate moments they had shared , as a family .
At the end of the pages , she appeared pregnant , her belly enormous , while the King gazed at her lovingly , with an expression 1 had never seen in his eyes before .
Obviously , he would never show those kinds of feelings toward me .
Finally , there were two beautiful red haired babies painted lying on Aldrics chest as he rocked them gently to sleep in a chair .
I swallowed the knot in my throat and carefully placed the book back in its exact position .
Instead of leaving immediately , I ended up checking one of the smaller boxes below .
It was filled with tiny blankets and well preserved baby clothes .
I pulled out a tiny blue onesie and stared at it sadly , remembering my own baby , whom I couldnt even buy clothes for What are you doing going through my private things , Valeria ?! the Kings furious roar behind me made me tremble from head to toe in fear .
I hurriedly put the tiny garment back and turned around , shaking as I stepped away from that hidden space to face his wrath .
… Im sorry , Your Majesty .
A photo fell , and I was just putting it back … I tried to explain with my head lowered , feeling his rushed footsteps approaching me .
###Chapter 43
YOU HAVE NO RIGHT VALERIA His cold , menacing aura surrounded me , crushing my will collapsed to my knees on the icy floor as his shadow loomed over me .
I had forgotten how dangerous the King was , and now , perhaps , I would pay for my stupidity .
1 felt him rummaging through the album and then the boxes , probably making sure I hadnt damaged his precious memories .
Suddenly , he came closer , and I lowered my head even further , biting my bottom lip to stop my teeth from chattering He gripped my chin tightly , forcing me to raise my gaze to meet his .
His eyes were nearly red , like his beast , filled with fury and murderous intent .
Never , ever in your life dare to go through my private things again ! Dont you dare take advantage of the trust Ive given you , Valeria ! This place is forbidden to you .
You have no right to touch them ! Is that clear ?! Y yes … yes , sir , I stammered , feeling the pressure on my chin and as if an invisible hand was squeezing my throat .
Get out ! he barked , releasing me roughly .
I stumbled back , trembling as I fled the suffocating room and ran down the corridors toward my small safe space .
I reached my room , slamming the door shut and locking it with shaking hands .
I walked to the bathroom and turned on the faucet , splashing cold water onto my face .
When I looked up , frightened , into the old mirror on the wall , I saw the tears falling from my blue eyes , one after another , until they turned into a muffled sob .
My hands went to my damp cheeks , digging my fingers into the scarred skin of my distorted face .
So ugly , so horrible , so broken .
What man would ever fall in love with me or even consider starting a family with a woman so scarred , both inside and out ? How could I have been so foolish to confuse things ? When had I started letting my feelings get involved ? It had to stop .
I had to go back to being the original Valeria 1 braced myself against the white sink , breathing deeply with my eyes closed , trying to calm down .
I turned on the faucet again and splashed more cold water on my face , driving away the fear and sadness .
After washing up a bit , I decided to return to my maid duties thats what I was paid for so I went back to the laundry area .
I didnt know how they looked at me or what they whispered .
I just sat in front of a tub and started scrubbing and soaping , scrubbing harder and harder to forget my miserable life .
lost track of time , but suddenly , I heard the housekeepers voice .
Valeria , thats enough , she said , and I looked up , confused , YOP HAVE NO FIGHT Thats when I noticed the sun setting on the horizon , filtering through the branches of the dark forest .
Night had already fallen .
At some point , all the other maids had left .
Except me .
Why on earth are you trying to wash the entire castles laundry in a single day ? Its time to stop , she insisted , watching me with those critical green eyes .
I lowered my gaze and pulled my pale , wrinkled hands from the soapy water .
The pain in my raw , red knuckles was sharp I had literally scrubbed the skin off during this task .
I … I still need to hang the clothes , I replied , staring into the water .
You can do that tomorrow .
Or someone else can .
No , please .
I need to do it myself , I answered stubbornly , and after a few seconds , I heard her defeated sigh .
Fine .
Do as you wish , she said , and I heard her footsteps leaving .
I lifted my head and watched her walk away with that firm , composed stride she always had .
Sometimes , I envied her .
I wished I could be as unyielding as she was ..
Nothing seemed to affect the housekeeper .
Valeria , she suddenly stopped and turned back to face me The rules I gave you from the start never forget them , little maid .
They were meant to protect your neck from death … but also your heart .
She spoke with the gentlest tone she had ever used , her eyes no longer so stern and intimidating .
Something complex stirred behind them .
###Chapter 44
THE SHADOW OF THE KING VALERIA She turns her back and finally leaves , abandoning me completely alone , staring into nothingness and lost in thought over her words .
I got up before nightfall ; I didnt want to be left alone so close to that eerie forest .
I was hanging large white sheets on the clotheslines , needing to clitub onto a small stool to reach the rope and secure them with wooden pegs .
The cold breeze blew , making the sheets billow while also clearing my mind .
I lowered my head to search for more pegs in the apron I wore , and when I lifted it again I saw him .
On the other side of the sheet , the massive shadow of a lycan stood silently , and I knew very well it was him .
The wind howled through the trees , like a sorrowful wail echoing from the forest .
I stayed still for a few seconds , staring at that terrifying and powerful presence , knowing that the King was watching me too from the other side .
He had every reason to be angry , as he had made perfectly clear .
I had no right to touch the precious belongings of his loved ones .
I was nothing but an intruding maid .
I turned my back on him without speaking , pretending not to know he was there , and walked back into the castle , into that dark place that I no longer knew if it was my home … or my prison .
The next day , I went back to being nothing more than furniture in the Kings chambers no speaking , no eye contact , no listening .
I focused mechanically on my tasks , the tension in the air so thick it was impossible to ignore .
Truthfully , I just wanted to leave , to find another way to survive .
But then I remembered I was cursed , and my best chance of finding a cure was staying close to King Aldrics power .
I remembered all too well that overwhelming sensation , that unbearable need burning me from the inside , and I didnt want to become the prey of some bastard during one of those fits .
Better the devil you know than the one you dont .
Valeria , I received an invitation to visit the Silver Lake pack , and well use the opportunity to look for clues about the next Altar .
Prepare everything for the trip , he ordered while I finished clearing the breakfast table , and I nodded silently in response .
I picked up the tray and was about to leave when I felt his hand grabbing my arm , pulling me close to his chest .
Wait , Valeria .
We need to talk , his warm breath brushed my ear , but I tried to take a step back , to escape his hold except he tightened his grip , not letting me go .
Does Your Majesty need something for the trip , something … No , Its not about the trip .
Its about what happened yes- 12 # 4 .
THE SHADOW OF THE KING Knock , knock , knock .
Suddenly , someone knocked on the door , interrupting his words and giving me the perfect chance to yank my arm free .
The dishes clattered dangerously , but I didnt care as I hurled to open the door , hearing his frustrated huff behind me .
Forgive the interruption , Your Highness .
The seamstress has sent word that everything is ready , said the housekeeper , and I stepped aside to let her into the room .
I was about to slip out through the door when Aldrics deep voice stopped me cold .
Valeria , go with Sasha , he ordered from behind me .
I didnt understand what he meant , but I obeyed , waiting silently in the hallway for the housekeeper .
Through the door, I heard him return from his room and hand her something metallic .
Judging by the sound , it seemed like gold coins .
Do everything as I instructed no less than three pieces , no excuses .
I might join you later , he commanded with his usual inflexible tone .
The housekeeper left , and I followed her , a swirl of thoughts filling my mind .
A spark of hope lit inside me , and I felt strangely glad to visit the Silver Lake pack .
Id been here for a while now , working in the castle maybe they wouldnt reject me as much as a foreigner anymore .
Could it be possible to find another job in the Golden Moon pack ? Mrs.
Sasha , weve been expecting you , a cheerful , slender woman with chestnut hair greeted us warmly .
Hello , Mrs.
Betty .
Weve come for His Majestys order , the housekeeper replied while I stepped down from the carriage and glanced up at the sign above the shop : Elegant Stitches Tailor Shop .
Displayed in the windows were beautiful gowns for women and tailored formal suits for men , perfectly crafted .
Despite the gloomy atmosphere from the fog and the dark forest surrounding this pack , Golden Moon seemed very prosperous .
The few times Id had the chance to glimpse its streets , I had noticed it was the most advanced pack I had ever seen .
We entered the workshop , which was spacious , with a cozy waiting area and a long counter where a friendly young woman attended customers .
###Chapter 45
CLOTHES FOR MY DEAR MAIDEN VALERIA She looked at me a bit surprised at first , but then quickly masked it as best she could and went back to her work .
I guess my scars were enough to stun anyone .
Clothing hung everywhere , and sewing accessories filled the display case along the back wall .
I loved sewing and embroidery .
In my free time , I had practiced a lot and was the one who always mended Dorians clothes Valeria , come with me to choose His Majestys suits , the housekeeper ordered , and I followed her deeper into the shop .
We spent quite some time selecting fabrics and pre made outfits , handkerchiefs , accessories everything And practically every decision ended up relying on my taste .
It seemed the King wanted to dress elegantly for the visit to the Silver Lake pack .
I think this will be enough , I said to the housekeeper , who nodded in agreement .
Just then , the shops owner , Mrs.
Betty , entered .
The new fabrics have arrived ! Everythings ready ! she announced enthusiastically , and for some reason , she looked at me with a strange sparkle in her eyes that sent a bad feeling through me .
Valeria , while I oversee the packing of His Majestys garments , go with Mrs.
Betty to get measured and have some dresses made for you , she stated bluntly .
At least three , Mrs.
Betty the finest fabrics , full sets , undergarments , nightgowns .
Spare no expense , and make sure the colors match His Majestys palette .
She turned to give the shopkeeper instructions , and now I understood why her eyes were sparkling so much she was probably calculating all the gold shed be earning today Wait , maam , 1 dont need such elegant clothing .
Whats in for ? Valeria , if you have any doubts or complaints , take them up with His Majesty .
Im just following orders .
And just like that , just as rude as her master , she left me mid sentence , while a very excited seamstress practically dragged me upstairs to a private fitting room .
Undress , dear .
Lets measure those lovely curves of yours Dont worry , youre in good hands , she reassured me , but I couldnt relax when I had no idea what was going on .
Still , I had no choice but to undress , remaining only in the thin white slip I wore under my dress .
She kept talking and talking like a parrot , measuring every inch of me while chattering about trends and occasionally asking me to pick something I nodded and answered when required , though in reality , I wasnt as calm as I pretended to be .
My mind was racing with a thousand thoughts .
Alina ! Bring me the lace sell she suddenly shouted toward the door behind me , and through the full length mirror in front of me , I saw a clumsy blonde girl enter carrying a large box .
Not these ! I told you this morning to bring out the newest collection ! she scolded after checking the boxs DEAR KüSIDEN contents on the side table .
The poor blonde , sweating nervously , rushed back out the door .
Mrs.
Betty returned to my side , still rambling about how hard it was to find good , skilled girls for the trade .
And finally , I couldnt hold back the words lodged in my throat .
Mrs.
Betty , are you … hiring staff ? … I have experience in sewing , and Im a hard worker .
Please , you can put me on trial, I said timidly , and she looked at me , astonished .
Really ? I thought you were … she stopped herself , and I wasnt quite sure what she had been about to imply .
I mean , I just didnt think youd be looking for work .
Of course ! Im always in need of expert hands .
If youd like , once were done here , I can test your skills .
Really ? Thank you , Mrs.
Betty ! Ill do my best ! You wont regret it ! I replied , smiling , unable to believe she had actually agreed .
This was perfect ! I could rent a small house near the castle and stay close enough to keep an eye on whether Aldric found the cure for my curse .
P? resist that lustful beasts attacks even if I ended up soaked in my own panties but I would get out from under the Lycan Kings shadow .
By the way , please … just make me one dress .
I probably wont even need it .
But Miss Sasha said- Make every single piece as instructed , came Aldrics cold voice , making me shiver instantly .
immediately raised my hand to cover my exposed chest and looked through the mirrors reflection .
The blonde girl had left the door open , and there he was , standing there , brow furrowed , looking just as ever .
How much had he heard of our conversation ? Judging by a lycans hearing probably everything .
###Chapter 46
VALERIA Yes , yes , of course , Your Majesty .
What an honor to have you in my humble shop , Mrs.
Betty responded nervously , bowing respectfully .
Thank you for your work .
Step out for a moment , Mrs.
Belly Sasha is waiting downstairs to pay , he replied , but his eyes never left mine for a second .
1 took advantage of the seamstress leaving quickly , closing the door behind her , to head over to where my dress was folded and put it back on .
However , I had only reached the edge of the table when I heard hurried footsteps , and I tensed , feeling him press against my bare back .
One hand wrapped around my waist , caressing my stomach while the other slid over the arm I was using to cover my breasts .
Only the thin slip over my hips separated my body from the Kings warmth .
Let me go ! What do you think youre doing ? I struggled slightly , trying to break free from his hold , but his arms closed around me possessively , trapping me between the table and his massive body .
The rapid beating of his heart echoed against my back .
If he werent the cold , indifferent Aldric , Imight have thought he was nervous .
nu skin .
Wait , Valeria .
Just wait a second , please … Just give me a moment , little one , he whispered against my si His red hair fell over my collarbone as he buried his face in the curve of my neck , his towering figure bending over mine , so much smaller in comparison .
What do you need a moment for , Your Majesty ? Do you have an order for me , a task , should I clean your chambers or wash your clothes ? Valeria , stop .
I know I treated you badly … I shouldnt have shouted at you , the things I said- Everything you said was what you truly felt .
You dont need to apologize .
I was the intruder who went through your personal things .
I did the same as the other maids I abused your trust .
Im grateful you let me live , Your Majesty , but I dont think Im suited for the position of your maid .
NO His voice was firm .
Youre not leaving me .
Why is it so easy for you to walk away from me every time ? His voice was hoarse as he turned me in his arms , pressing me against his chest while I kept my arms crossed over my chest , my eyes lowered .
My nose brushed against the fabric of his shirt as I struggled to resist his intoxicating scent that seemed to surround and tempt me , urging me to lower my guard again and surrender my will .
Valeria , look at me .
Lift your head I want to see your face , he murmured , his warm breath fanning my forehead , but I refused to meet his gaze , clenching my teeth and remembering all his cruel words , the harsh way he had treated me .
Fine .
If you wont look at me , if you dont want to see the truth in my eyes , then listen to it from my heart , he whispered , hugging me tightly .
Not a single inch of space remained between our bodies .
LETS MAKE THINGS CLEME His fingers tangled gently in my dark hair , his calloused hand pressing me fully against his chest , where his heartbeat pulsed powerfully against my car .
Theyre the last memories of my past … my pups ….
my mate .
Theyre all dead .
Im sure youve figured that out by now , he whispered , and I instantly thought of that beautiful woman by his side and the two red haired babies .
I have to gather all the courage I have each time I need to touch those memories .
I feel as if theyll turn to ashes beneath my fingers and there will be nothing left of them , just as when I held them alive in my arms , rocked them to sleep in their cradle , and then , in the blink of an eye , I was holding their cold , lifeless bodies.
His strangled voice broke as he tightened his hold on me further , as though reliving all those painful memories in his mind .
Once, one of my former maids forced her way into my chambers and stole a photograph of Bella to cast some filthy black magic spell on it .
That night , my dead mate appeared before me .
I thought I was dreaming … I nearly gave in to temptation with that maid , but I discovered her trickery and theft .
Since then , Ive been even more fearful of anyone going near that space .
I would never do that with a picture of your mate ! I would never defile your familys memories that way ! I raised my head in defense , hurt that he could think Id do the same as that vile woman .
I know , Valeria .
I know youre not that kind of person , he replied , taking my face in his hands , forcing me face his tormented gray eyes .
I know youve also lost loved ones .
The scars on your stomach tell me a lot .
I just panicked for a moment … Im a damn beast whos forgotten how to be gentle … how to show emotions … how to love .
Our breaths were so close , both of us staring into the depths of each other .
I had never seen the King so vulnerable , so broken , so lonely .
He always displayed his invincible , powerful , bloodthirsty side .
But these raw emotions so complex , so difficult for me to understand it was the first time he had ever shown them .
When I saw you leaving … when I thought about everything I said to you , I knew immediately I had been wrong .
Valeria , please forgive me .
Dont leave me .
Please , dont leave my side … not yet .
Im not ready to return to that darkness again .
Aldrics cold lips brushed against mine as he spoke .
I closed my eyes , overwhelmed by the storm of emotions within me .
And I was afraid afraid of misinterpreting all this , afraid of making the same mistake again , of opening my heart to someone who wouldnt value my love .
To this man , women were nothing but a distraction .
No one would ever truly replace his beloved mate .
I forgive your harsh words , and I hope you can forgive me for looking through your memories .
Ill stay as long as It takes to find my cure … but only under one condition , I finally spoke , shielding my chest with one arm and pressing my palm against his chest to put some distance between us .
Stop confusing me , Your Majesty .
Im just your maid , and we have an agreement .
Unless it becomes necessary because of my curse , please dont do anything intimate like this again .
IN LETS MAKE THINGS CLEAR Dont kiss me .
Dont hold me .
Dont buy me anything .
I am not your lover .
Treat me coldly , just like you did in the beginning , as your employee … because I cant afford to misinterpret things again and end up hurt .
Valeria …
###Chapter 47
SILVER LAKE VALERIA Tell me if you can comply with that condition , or I will leave my position right now , King Aldric .
I am not your prisoner , I confronted him for the first time , raising my chin , ready to resist his whims and selfishness .
However , Aldric just stared at me in silence .
I could feel his entire body tense , as if he were struggling with an internal enemy , resisting with all his strength .
In his gray eyes , the beast inside him flickered , tinged with red , like his lycan form .
Fine , he finally relented , stepping back , clenching his teeth so tightly I thought his jaw muscles might snap .
I accept .
For now .
He responded , and we were left facing each other in a battle of wills .
If someone had told me a month ago that I would do something like this , I would have called them crazy .
You need these clothes .
You have nothing else to wear .
The women in that pack are extremely snobbish , and 1 dont want anyone looking down on you .
Just think of them as extra uniforms if it makes you feel better , he said , turning away without waiting for my reply , storming out the door just as he had entered .
I sank onto the bench beside the table , my legs weak , but feeling proud of myself .
I could only hope the walls around my heart were strong enough to withstand His Majestys siege .
The next day , we departed for the Silver Lake pack in a carriage I shared with the woman who always accompanied Guardian Quinn .
Outside , on horseback , rode His Majesty , while Quinn was driving the carriage .
I knew he had brought them along on this trip because of the Altars .
The lycan Quinn seemed to be the only one capable of deciphering them .
I felt uncomfortable , not just because of the silence but because I could sense that womans constant gaze on me .
There was something very strange about her .
I couldnt quite explain it , but she seemed different from the others .
During this trip , keep as far away from my brother as possible .
Excuse me ? I lifted my head from my embroidery book when she spoke in a low voice .
Quinn .
Hes my brother , and I dont want him getting into trouble with His Majesty because of you , she said , staring at me with cold , dark eyes .
I would never cause him any trouble … The King is interested in you .
I dont know what kind of relationship you have , but hes jealous of Quinn .
I think youve already noticed that .
Please , Im asking you politely stay away from Quinn , her tone was becoming increasingly hostile , and it was starting to irritate me .
Im just the Kings maid .
If Guardian Quinn doesnt approach me , I wont seek him out either .
Were not friends or anything like that .
So spare me the threats .
I have no intention of causing problems for anyone , I replied in a quiet yet firm voice .
It was obvious neither of us wanted this conversation to be overheard .
47 SILVER LAKE The wornan , who I was now certain was a rare female Alpha , kept staring at me , and I held her gaze .
Then she nodded and looked away , turning her attention to the curtain by the window .
I lowered my head to return to my reading , thinking the awkward conversation had finally ended , when she added : The Lycan King doesnt see you just as his maid .
He has never looked at another woman the way he looks at you or treated anyone the way he treats you .
Even if you dont notice , hes always watching you … possessively .
Lycans dont share their favorite person with anyone .
But be careful , Maid Valeria .
No matter what feelings His Majesty might have , betrayal and lies are something he never forgives .
She warned me before closing her eyes , remaining silent for the rest of the trip .
I shivered , thinking about all the strange things I carried inside me things even I didnt understand .
It was yet another reason to speed up the search for my cure and leave King Aldrics side before I completely lost my mind .
In the distance , I heard the sound of flowing water and peeked my head out the carriage window , curious despite the chilly weather , My eyes widened in awe as we approached the packs territory , surrounded by towering mountains and grand waterfalls , with narrow lakes and rivers winding between the beautiful stone structures ..
Its beautiful , I heard a male voice close to me .
yes , it is .
Its a very lovely pack , I replied with a smile , but my cheeks heated up as I realized the intense gaze Aldric was giving me from his horse , riding close to the window .
The Alpha womans words echoed in my mind , and for some reason , it felt like he wasnt talking about the pack- but about me .
I quickly pulled back inside , avoiding the view .
We would be arriving soon , and I would finally see Silver Lake .
Your Majesty , welcome to our humble pack .
Its an honor to have you here , I heard a mans voice greet us as the carriage came to a stop.
Alpha Garret , thank you for your invitation , Aldric responded diplomatically , and soon the carriage door opened .
I thought Quinns sister would be the first to step out , but instead , she opened the door on the other side and descended silently .
I glanced at the door Aldric had opened and saw him standing there , hand extended toward me .
Since when does a King help his maid out of a carriage as if she were his partner ? Resigned , I took his hand and stepped down the stairs , clutching the heavy cloak around me , the hood covering my hair and partly concealing my face .
Were tired from the journey , so Id appreciate it if you would take us to our accommodations , Aldric said , shielding me from the curious stares as he stood protectively in front of me .
The Alpha immediately arranged for us to be taken in hand pulled carts by his servants .
Finally alone , I peeked through the thin gauze curtains , observing life in this prosperous pack .
25 BONUS The King had been right every woman here was elegant , wearing makeup , jewelry , and fine clothes .
So my new uniforms would at least prevent me from being utterly earrassed .
After winding through narrow streets filled with curious onlookers and climbing a slightly steep hill , we finally arrived at a beautiful stone mansion the Alphas resident 1 disembarked , trying to remain discreet , staying close to Alirics tall frame while my eyes wandered over the breathtaking scenery , While Aldric spoke with the Alpha and greeted his Luna , I noticed , far in the distance , a child and a young man playing in a simple park near the pine forest .
The boy , who looked about seven years old , was swinging awkwardly as if he couldnt properly move his legs .
Suddenly , the young man behind him pushed him far too hard , despite the boys protests and near tears .
I covered my mouth , stifling a gasp , watching in horror as the man deliberately shoved the child so hard that he was flung off the swing , landing face first in the dirt .
Not satisfied , the young man grabbed the metal swing and , just as the child tried to get up , he swung it again , striking the back of his head viciously .
The sharp edge of the swing hit the boy , and he collapsed unconscious on the ground .
The scent of blood began to fill the air .
###Chapter 48
NOTHING IS WHAT IT SEEMS VALERIA I ran without thinking twice toward the small park .
I didnt know anyone here , but I simply couldnt stand by while watching a childs life in danger right before my eyes .
Valeria ! Aldrics voice thundered behind me as he realized I had moved away from his side .
I reached the spot where the pup lay on the ground , blood flowing from the deep wound on the back of his head , matting his brown hair into a sticky mess .
Hold on , little one .
Stay with me , I whispered , pulling the handkerchief from my pocket and pressing it firmly against the wound to stop the bleeding .
1 held him against my chest , trying to turn him slightly .
My hands trembled , terrified he might already be dead .
He was pale , with round cheeks , and barely breathing Edward ! I heard the voice of that murderous man nearby and lifted my gaze , seeing him rush toward the childs body with a look of concern .
Dont come near him ! I saw exactly what you did ! I shouted , clutching the boy protectively against my body .
He feigned shock , but in the depths of his blue eyes , frustration and anger were clear .
Valeria , what happened ? Your Majesty , please save this pup hes badly hurt ! I pleaded , my voice cracking as Aldric knelt beside me , checking to see if the child was still alive .
Edward ! What happened to my son ?! The Alphas roar echoed as he approached , pulling the boy from my arms .
Now I knew he was the Alphas son .
Could that be why the other young man had tried to harm him ? My boy ….
my boy ! Garret , give him blood , quickly ! The Luna arrived , hands covering her mouth , tears streaming down her face .
The Alpha tore open his arm right there and began feeding his blood to the pup .
I watched as the childs tiny lips began to move slightly , and a sigh of relief escaped me .
Goddess , if I hadnt seen this horrible act , that little one might have died .
Aldric helped me stand from the ground , my hands still covered in blood , my dress stained .
Ill go fetch the doctor , I suddenly heard in the midst of the Lunas sobs the voice of that murderer .
No ! You cant let him leave he just wants to escape ! I blurted out without thinking , driven by pure rage .
You pushed him ! You wanted to kill the Alphas pup I saw you ! I shouted , pointing directly at him .
I dont know what youre talking about ! How could you accuse me of something like that ? I told him to hold on tightly , but he slipped and fell .
No matter how hard I tried to stop the swing , it was impossible , he replied with 1/2 125 BONUS revolting calm , even managing to Jerk offended .
you ! Dont He ! I saw it clearly the popcorn begged to stop , but you pushed him harder until he fell ! And not satisfied , you grabbed the ewing and three it at hon purposel Michael , what is this all about ? The Alphas voice suddenly interrupted , his gaze cold and sharp as it shifted between us I didnt do anything , Father ! How could you think I would harm Edward ? Garret , how could you accuse Michael of such a thing ? Its impossible ! You know very well how mischievous Edward can be ! I w
as stunned to hear the Luna rise and defend the young man her own son .
His brother ? So this man was also the Alphas son ? Now that I looked closely , they did bear a resemblance .
Miss , I believe there must be some misunderstanding .
Perhaps you didnt see clearly it was quite far away , she added , suddenly calmer , as if trying to smooth things over while wiping her tears .
I know very well what I witnessed .
I understand they are both your sons , but this young man I appreciate your concern and thank you for helping my Edward , she interrupted me sharply .
But please , I ask you not to slander my eldest son like this .
He is the future Alpha , and spreading a rumor that he tried to murder his younger brother in front of the King would harm this packs future .
Her words were diplomatic , but I couldnt help but wonder what kind of mother prioritizes her sons image as a future Alpha over the safety of her injured child ? I clenched my fists and bit my tongue , struggling not to get more involved in this family affair .
My maid has no need to slander anyone , and she is far from a liar .
So , future Alpha , Ill be watching you closely .
And for your sake , I hope this truly was just an accident .
Suddenly , the broad figure of the King stepped in front of me , his voice cold and commanding enough to make the Alphas tremble .
Alpha Garret , control your troublesome family and your Lunas tongue , because no one speaks so insolently to my companion , especially not to my face !
###Chapter 49
THE KINGS CUNNING VALERIA Elena , shut your mouth already and go with the servant take Edward to his room so he can rest ! Michael , go fetch the doctor inmediately , and we will talk later , you and 11 the Alpha began barking out orders .
I stayed silent behind Aldric , frowning , with nothing else ould do.
I watched as they carried the pup away , his cheeks showing more color and the bleeding stopped , which eased my It seemed I was the only one who had witnessed that mans cruelty toward his brother , and I was in no position to interfere in their family matters .
I truly hoped I had misinterpreted the situation .
Your Majesty , what a shameful welcome .
I apologize to both you and your maid .
My youngest son was born with hes quite a rare weakness in his legs , very unusual for our kind , and he cannot walk properly .
Even so , miss , mischievous and always manages to get into trouble .
He will recover soon , dont worry , The Alpha continued to apologize , bowing in front of the King If it werent for His Majesty , they would have likely called me a nosy gossip directly .
Valeria .
I snapped out of my thoughts , lifting my head to meet Aldrics gray eyes .
Would you prefer we stay at an inn ? Would you feel more comfortable elsewhere ? I was shocked by his question .
That would be a direct insult to the Alpha , all for my comfort .
My gaze shifted to Alpha Garret , who stared at me with wide eyes , clearly unable to believe that a mere servant might ruin all his efforts to win Aldrics favor .
His face shifted into one of pure pleading .
Eyes on me , Valeria .
Forget about the others .
Tell me our luggage hasnt even been fully unloaded yet , Aldric pressed , unyielding Miss Valeria , youll be far more comfortable in the mansion than in an inn .
Weve prepared a spacious room for you , with a private bathtub and everything , the Alpha chimed in , blatantly trying to bribe me .
And I remembered very well what had happened in the last inn .
The King had managed to arrange for us to share a room , even though I later discovered that several rooms had been vacant since the afternoon of our arrival .
Aldric waited patiently , arms crossed over his chest .
If I didnt know him so well , might have even been touched by his apparent concern .
I know exactly what youre plotting , Your Majesty .
Its better if we stay .
I wouldnt want the Lord to feel slighted because of me , I replied , meeting his sharp gray eyes as they stared into mine .
Not this time , King Aldric .
I wont let you play the same card again , I thought proudly , convinced of my cleverness .
Fine .
Go to the carriage and give instructions for our belongings .
Quinn and Celine are unfamiliar with these details , he finally responded , and I nodded , walking away .
THE KINGS CUNNING Curiosity got the best of me , and I glanced back , catching him speaking quietly with the Alpha , who nodded eagerly before summoning one of his servants .
My blue eyes locked with Aldrics for a moment , and I could swear I saw a mocking glint in his eyes , his always serious lips curling into a subtle , seductive smile .
The hairs on the back of my neck stood on end .
What was this shameless seducer plotting now ? Is everything alright , Valeria ? Quinn asked me softly , concerned , as I reached the carriage where our things were being unloaded .
I nodded without giving much explanation or speaking further .
The last thing I wanted was more trouble with his sister .
I wasnt afraid of her , even though she was much stronger than me , but I was tired of being the source of tension when all I wanted was to go unnoticed .
But as always , what I wanted and what came out of the Kings enormous arrogance were two very different things .
The inside of the Alphas mansion was just as luxurious and elegant as the exterior .
He quickly led us to the second floor .
Here you are , a very comfortable and spacious suite .
Bring in all the luggage ! the Alpha ordered the servants as he opened a large wooden door , inviting us inside .
Aldric entered first with him .
Wait , those are my things .
You can leave them in the hallway , I instructed one of the servants .
Apologies , miss , but we were ordered to bring everything here .
Your room is right next to His Majestys , the servant responded , leaving me stunned .
I glanced along the wall again , but no , there was no other door in the hallway only the one leading into Aldrics chambers .
Something felt very wrong .
I stepped inside just in time to hear the Alpha finishing his tour .
D Are the arrangements to your satisfaction , Your Majesty ? he asked Aldric , who , in truth , looked more than pleased .
Yes , very satisfied , I must say , he nodded .
Excuse me , Alpha .
Where will I be sleeping ? The bad feeling in my chest only grew stronger .
Of course , Miss Valeria .
Right this way , he replied , struggling a bit to slide open a wooden partition door , revealing a much smaller adjoining room .
###Chapter 50
EVERYTHING WAS FAKE VALERIA The bedroom was actually lovely , with a bed , a closet , a small vanity , and a large window overlooking a beautiful lake .
This is your room , and over there is the shared bathroom with the bathtub I promised , he pointed toward another small door in the back .
Wait a moment so to leave here , I have to pass through His Majestys room ? This has no exit to the hallway .
And … a shared bathroom ? The King doesnt have his own bathroom ? He has to go through my entire room to use it ? I pointed out the obvious .
Who designed these uncomfortable chambers ? Im sorry .
There are no other rooms available , he replied , his face harder than the stone floor .
Your Majesty ! I turned indignantly toward Aldric , who watched me from the doorway between the rooms with a look of pure satisfaction .
You chose to stay here , Valeria , so now we cant offend Alpha Garret .
This is the room available ston making a fuss , he answered , and I could see just how pleased he was by the smug look on his face .
A fuss ? What I want is to bite you , you damn lycan ! And that lying Alpha ! Who does he think hes fooling ? In a mansion this enormous , are we really supposed to believe there arent any other rooms ? But as always , resisting was pointless .
No matter how much I scowled and protested , here I was again , trapped in the schemes of this capricious King .
What are you doing ? he asked when everyone else had left , as I tried to shut the two wooden doors right in his face .
Both my arms were outstretched , pulling the panels toward the center , but the damn things wouldnt budge .
Even the doors were against me ! BAM ! BAM ! BAM ! They rattled as I tried to force them shut with all my strength , but my efforts werent enough to unjam them .
Enough .
Youre going to hurt your hands , he suddenly whispered , his warmth covering my hands as his larger ones pressed over mine , holding the wood panels too and trapping me .
His intimidating body loomed in front of me , as always , completely invading my personal space .
I need to change , I said angrily , focusing on a button of his shirt that was nearly undone .
You can do it just fine .
No ones stopping you .
Sir , I need my privacy ! I raised my furious blue eyes , sparks practically flying as I met his storm filled gaze .
And I need to keep a very close eye on you , he responded , leaving me confused .
50 EVERYTHING WAS FAKE Before I could react , he leaned in even closer , his mouth brushing my sensitive ear .
My nose was buried in the open collar of his shirt , inhaling that intoxicating scent of his skin .
Our bodies trembled from the tension of such close proximity .
We have a deal , and I am a man of my word , Valeria .
Im waiting patiently for when you need me for when I have your permission to kiss you , to hold you , and to touch you intimately , His husky voice sent tingling waves through my ear , his breath teasing my skin .
If what Your Majesty wants is just to have sex , to spend the night with some other woman , I can release you from this oath I replied , attempting to pull my hand away from where the small red seal was marked .
But my chin was suddenly gripped , and his dangerously masculine face was mere inches from mine .
Dont try to get inside my head , Valeria , he growled , his mouth almost brushing my parted lips .
You have no idea what my true , dark desires really are .
11 In the next second , his hand slid to my neck while the other gripped my ass , pressing me forcefully against his hard body .
I pressed my hands against his chest , but I couldnt even think of resisting the raw dominance pouring from his entire presence completely overwhelmed me .
His beastly eyes stared down at me like I was nothing but a defenseless prey .
That hot , needy cunt of yours is going to be so thoroughly fucked and stretched by me that it wont close for a long time .
You have no idea how many times I think about filling you to the brim and knotting you .
So , I suggest you prepare yourself , Valeria , because I intend to take our agreement very seriously .
I swallowed hard , and Goddess … why was my pussy throbbing so much just imagining those filthy things ? I could feel the raw arousal soaking my panties .
Change your clothes .
Ill go speak with the Alpha were visiting the packs Altar today , he added at the end , as if none of his filthy words had just left his lips .
He pulled away and turned sharply , exiting through the door with his usual firm stride .
Meanwhile , I was left behind with my legs shaking like jelly I slumped back against the damn wooden panel that , in the end , never did close , pressing my hand against my chest .
Hold yourself together , Valeria .
Youre a proud , strong woman … whos currently burning hotter than a furnace .
Is the slutty butterfly finally waking up ? I mean … it has been a while since shes acted up .
Later that same day , the Alpha led us to a secluded area between the mountains where the Lunar Temple was located .
Unlike the previous pack , this place seemed well cared for .
However , something was very wrong with this Altar something only I noticed .
I felt it the moment I approached , walking along the stone path .
( 51.
EVERYTHING WAS FAKE This Altar to the Goddess the sculpture , the exquisite relics hanging from it , even the arabesque patterns meant to resemble the ancient runes of the Dark Realm everything … was fake
###Chapter 51
LURKING IN THE SHADOWS VALERIA The Altar was beautiful .
Whoever had created it had clearly put great effort into it , but it lacked the intense , dark energy that had drawn me to the other one .
At the foot of several snow capped mountains , with massive waterfalls cascading in the distance , stood the altar in a clear space within the pine forest surrounding us .
Its base was circular , covered in arabesque carvings that , in reality , didnt convey anything meaningful .
Above it , the statue of a beautiful woman stood , draped in a delicate , sensual veil and tunic , representing the Goddess .
Her hands were open , her head tilted toward the sky , and behind her , wings extended from her back as if she were about to take flight toward the stars .
A large , round disk , also filled with exquisite carvings , completed the stonework behind her .
For a moment , we were all struck with awe .
Even Aldric and the Alpha smiled proudly at their packs Lubar Altar .
I wondered if he knew it was fake like many things in this strange pack The only one who seemed completely oblivious was Quinn He quickly dragged his sister along to examine the inscriptions , clearly enthusiastic .
I stole a glance at Aldric , who was speaking with the Alpha about something related to the small temple , then at Quinn , who had just discreetly looked at me as well .
It was obvious he was silently asking for my help , but I couldnt explain the details of the symbols in front of everyone especially not with the King watching .
Still , I approached , pretending to be amazed by the altar while making my way over to where he was scribbling in his notebook .
Celine , keep watch , I heard him murmur , and that was when I realized my tightly guarded secret had already reached other ears ..
my frown .
Dont worry .
She wont say anything , he whispered , noticing my Alright , no time to waste .
This altar- His Majesty is coming , Celine warned urgently , making me tense up .
But I quickly masked my reaction as best 1 could This one is more beautiful than the one in the last village , I commented , brushing my fingers along the smooth stone surface .
It was far too polished , completely lacking the roughness of the other altar .
I glanced up at the towering statue , its size impressive .
Valeria , leave Quinn and Celine to their studies .
Come , we need to attend to other matters , Aldrics cold voice sounded close behind us .
51 , LURKING IN THE SHADOW It was obvious he didnt like seeing me near the Guardian .
So , once again , I followed his orders , being pulled into more problems nothing new in my chaotic life beside the Lycan King .
ALDRIC Your Majesty , my servant has confirmed it .
His grandfather knows how to break that spell you inquired about .
Theres no need to use the old method of searching for the male everywhere theres a more practical way , The Alpha explained , and I nodded in gratitude while my eyes drifted toward Valeria , who was standing at a distance , pretending to admire the scenery .
But eventually , as always , she wandered toward that jackal It was obvious Quinn was constantly watching her .
My blood boiled as I sensed an invisible connection between them , as if they shared a secret I wasnt privy to .
I hoped it was all in my head .
Whatever secrets Valeria had good or bad I was the only one who deserved to know them .
Good .
Well leave immediately .
Well stop by the mansion to pick up your servant and then head directly to the cure , I replied to the Alpha before adding coldly , Remember , this is a personal favor I requested , and I expect your discretion .
Or Ill rip out your tongue .
I threatened , and he immediately nodded , swearing his loyalty without hesitation .
I walked back toward the Altar .
I hadnt revealed who was cursed .
Not because it was a taboo , but because I didnt want this matter spreading beyond my control .
Valerias issues were hers and mine alone .
But there was another , far more selfish reason .
I didnt want Valeria knowing she could soon be cured .
The moment she found out , shed likely run away from me .
Anyone else would probably call me a fool for wanting to break the one thing that kept her close .
But I wanted her in a way that was … more complicated .
I didnt want her to suffer through those painful heat attacks every month just because of my lust .
And I didnt want her in my bed out of pure necessity .
The day Valeria surrenders to me , it will be her choice because she wants me to be the one to claim her .
Not because some sexual hunger forces her into the arms of the first man she meets .
Valeria , leave Quinn and Celine to their studies .
Come , we need to attend to other matters , I told her , watching her tense up as I spoke .
Valeria was terrible at hiding her emotions .
LURKING IN THE SHADOWS My eyes shifted toward Quinns back , the urge to sink my claws into him almost unbearable .
He better focus on those Dark Realm symbols and stay away from my woma … my maid .
VALERIA We returned to the mansion by carriage , following a steep , winding road that led down the mountain and through the forest .
I made sure to memorize the path something told me I might need to return here .
Miss Valeria , my youngest son has woken up and wishes to thank you for helping him .
As I mentioned earlier , het recovered quickly with my blood , aside from his legs .
Edward is a strong boy , the Alpha said as we approached the mansion .
Thats good .
Id like to visit him , if youll allow it .
Of course , of course ! Youre welcome to do anything you wish , he replied , his voice overly polite as he threw a sideways glance at Aldric like a dog begging for its masters approval .
This was supposed to be the great Alpha of the pack , the most feared and respected leader .
Yet , in the presence of the Lycan Kings absolute authority , they all seemed like mere Omegas .
Valeria , well be leaving shortly , His Majesty warned as I nodded , climbing the stairs to visit young Edwards room .
A maid guided me , opening the wooden door to a dimly lit chamber .
Young Master Edward , the Kings maid who helped you at the park has come to visit you , the woman .
announced , stepping aside as I entered .
The moment I crossed the threshold and saw the small figure resting on the large bed , a chill gripped my My eyes immediately scanned the dark corners of the poorly lit room .
Something … was lurking in the shadows .
###Chapter 52
CE .
THEATER TOUR VALERIA immediately walked toward the best , my heart sightening in my chest , tatt sighed in relief when I saw him opent his bright blue eyes , very much alive and well an Thank you touch , Mies Valeria , for helping me at the pk , he said in a soft , polite childs voice that melted my heart Twhkar Part of in ) , The saddest part of all , given my possible infertility , was that I had always loved pups .
Were welcome , little Edward I just did what anyone wol have done , I replied , sitting on the edge of the bed .
He smiled sweedy , and his small , soft hand reached out to grasp mine , which rested on the blanket .
He looked so lonely in this dark , isolated room .
I didnt need to stay long to realize the defective child was clearly not the favorite .
Could you open the curtains , please ? Its too dark in here , I asked the maid , and for a moment , I felt Edwards hand tense aghaint mine I _ Bd : when I looked at him , nothing seemed wrong , and he quickly relaxed .
in heavy curtains were drawn open , letting sunlight flood the wide chamber .
I suddenly remembered the scars on my face and worried I might scare him , but he didnt seem the least bit afraid of my presence .
As he spoke about childish things , I subtly scanned every corner of the room .
Whatever had been lurking earlier had either left or was now hiding better , which only made me more Leaving him alone here , with something or someone ready to attack him from behind made my stomach twist .
Yet , I didnt trust this house enough , and I had already had a tense encounter with his mother .
re uneasy .
There was nothing else I could do but hope I was being paranoid .
Valeria , we must leave now .
Suddenly , Aldrics voice echoed in my mind , sending a shiver through my entire body .
Little Edward , Im so sorry , but I must go to the center of the pack for some errands .
Ill come back to visit you later .
Please rest Watt , Miss Valeria ! He clutched my hand tightly as I started to rise .
If youre going to town , you should visit the traveling theater ! Simone , one of the maids , told me its very pretty and Jun .
His voice softened to almost a whisper , his abandoned puppy eyes tugging at my heartstrings .
It was obvious he wanted to go .
This poor child truly broke my heart .
Sir , would it be possible … I mean … if you ask the Alpha- Valeria , just tell me what you want , Aldrics voice replied firm yet patient .
Could we take the Alphas youngest son for a walk through the town ? Ill take care of him .
He wont be a bother ! 10 +26 BONUS THEATER TOUR I added quickly , smiling at Edward and gesturing for him to give me a moment .
His bright blue eyes immediately sparkled with hope .
The Alfa says that he does give permission , and Ill come now to help bring him down the stairs since he cant walk properly on his own , And despite his usual roughness , it warmed my heart that he agreed to something that truly mattered to me .
That was how little Edward ended up seated on my lap in the carriage , his small face pecking out with both excitement and a bit of nervousness as he watched the gruitpy Lycan sitting across from us .
I kept him distracted by pointing out the passing scenery while Aldric remained silent .
Even with his father , Edward spoke stiffly , always polite and respectful , as if hed been raised under strict discipline .
Poor child .
Some of us would give anything to become mothers , while others only gave birth to avoid bursting open .
ALDRIC Watching this maternal side of Valeria unfold before my eyes … it was affecting me far too deeply .
She cradled that child in her arms , showing him the scenery along the way , tickling and cuddling him .
She looked more like his mother than the woman who had given birth to him , not to mention that idiotic Alpha father of his .
My mind suddenly played cruel tricks on me replacing that child with another , a beautiful dark haired pup with blue eyes .
Or maybe a sweet little princess , born of Valeria and … me .
I shook my head , closing my eyes tightly .
I needed to stop dreaming about impossible things .
Judging by the sadness in her eyes whenever babies were mentioned and the scars on her abdomen it seemed clear Valeria couldnt bear children .
And I didnt even dare imagine the reason why .
But something inside me whispered that it had to do with that bastard ex of hers .
And the worst part ? I was the fool in this false dream .
I didnt want to be a father again .
Yet my heart raced , aching with happiness every time I imagined the image of her and my pups , safe and sound , held protectively in my arms .
But that was a painful fantasy .
Even if Valeria could conceive , I wouldnt survive holding a child of mine again only for my enemies to hunt them down like prey , wiping out my bloodline out of fear for how strong my offspring could become .
I turned my gaze away , focusing on the passing trees , my heart heavy with sadness .
1ST THEATER TOUR When we arrived at the traveling theater set up in the town square , I left them seated near the stage , surrounded by other children and parents , laughing at the puppets .
Is the place where the old wolf lives far ? I asked the Alpha as we followed his servant .
No , not far .
The stable boy told me its just up on one of those hills , he pointed , and though it wasnt far , it also wasnt exactly nearby .
I glanced back , scanning for Valeria again .
Everything seemed secure around her , and this pack was peaceful .
But I couldnt forget there was a Lunar Altar here and I didnt know if the enemy had discovered its location yet .
The Altar was deep in the mountains , where Quinn was still studying it .
Valeria , stay here until I return , alright ? She assured me she would , and our eyes met for a brief moment .
I gazed into those beautiful blue eyes of hers , and for once , felt at ease as I quickened my pace to return to her side sooner .
53 KIDNAPPING
###Chapter 53
KIDNAPPING VALERIA I dont know what kind of mystery the King is hiding this time .
I just hope hes not plotting another one of his tricks to trap me in his Casanova games .
Miss Valeria , I need to pee , said the timid voice suddenly , tugging on the sleeve of my dress .
Now ? Can you hold it just a little longer until your father arrives ? I asked , but he shook his head , fidgeting anxiously in his wheelchair .
Oh , Goddess , how do I solve this now ? I thought about taking him behind some bushes in the forest , but when I asked the woman sitting next to me , she mentioned there were public bathrooms nearby .
1 grabbed Edwards wheelchair and we headed that way .
It was located on a street near the square , at the end of a narrow alley .
But when we arrived and I saw men coming in and out of an old wooden door marked Public Restroom , I ran into another problem .
How was I supposed to enter a restroom full of men ? It was impossible , so I decided to take him to the womens restroom next door instead .
Wait , I cant go in there .
Mom says boys cant enter there , he stopped me , seeing my intentions .
But Edward , I cant enter the mens bathroom , thats why suggested waiting for your dad .
How have your managed to pee other times with your mom ? I asked , and he explained that the only time hed come , a servant from the mansion had taken him , but today it was just the two of us .
He was adamant he wouldnt go into the girls bathroom .
Ugh , this whole motherhood thing wasnt always fun , and I was starting to draw attention , standing in the middle of the area with my peculiar face .
Miss , I can help with your pup .
I have mine with me too .
Its hard for females to take boys to the restrooms , said a man , smiling as he stood next to a boy around ten years old , who was curiously watching Edward .
1 hesitated for a moment .
Edward didnt seem well known , and no one was staring at him like he was the Alphas son .
Maybe they didnt recognize him because he rarely left his mansion on the hill .
I would really appreciate it .
Ill wait right here , I said , handing over the wheelchair , though I felt a bit uneasy .
Still , the man didnt seem suspicious , and he had a child of his own .
I rubbed I my hands together , standing at a corner nervously as people entered and exited the restroom .
I hoped I hadnt made a mistake .
When I finally saw the man return with his son , I scanned the area but there was no sign of Edwards wheelchair .
Where is Edward ? I asked , my heart pounding with dread a terrible feeling creeping over me .
KIDNAPPING .
Your pup ? I thought he was already with you .
His father came in and said hed take care of it , the man explained , pointing toward the restroom .
His father ? His father hasnt been here ! What did he look like ? I demanded , and the man described someone tall , with black hair nothing like the Alpha .
No , no , I dont know that man ! Wheres Edward ? Wheres the pup ? I left him under your care ! I shouted , my voice trembling with both fear and anger as panic consumed me .
Im so sorry ! I really thought it was his father .
The boy didnt protest or say anything when he took him out through the other door .
They left through the alley exit , he replied , his face now pale with guilt .
What ?! Theres another exit ?! I gasped , and he nodded , shame written all over his face .
Without thinking twice , I dashed into the mens restroom like a whirlwind , racing through the long corridor while men shouted insults and complaints .
I didnt care .
My eyes only searched desperately for the open door at the far end , leading into a dark alley .
The cold night air hit my face , but I couldnt feel anything other than sheer panic .
Have you seen a child in a wheelchair around here ? The only thing Ive seen is a shameless woman ! How dare you enter the mens bathroom ? Disgraceful spat a woman , pointing a judgmental finger at me I didnt even bother responding to her nonsense , my heart racing as I kept searching frantically in all directions .
Suddenly , the caw of a raven echoed above me , making me look up in hopes it might guide me as it had in the past .
Yet , it only circled above my head , a sign I couldnt quite understand Please , has anyone seen a man with a boy who has leg issues ? The boy has brown hair and blue eyes ! Yes , I just saw someone like that heading down that alley , finally , some passing townspeople pointed in a direction toward the square .
Without thinking of the danger , recklessly , I rushed into the narrow corridors of a pack I barely knew , pushing deeper into a tight passage that opened into a small courtyard .
Edward ! Stop , you damn kidnapper ! That child is mine ! Help ! Somebody help ! I screamed desperately , hoping some neighbor would assist when I finally spotted the pup struggling against .
mans grip , who was trying to pull him out of his wheelchair .
No one had time to react , though some lights turned on in the nearby houses , The bastard quickly hoisted Edward over his shoulder , toppling the wheelchair , and bolted down another alley , away from me .
I chased after him , panic overwhelming me , completely focused on Edwards safety and not realizing how dangerously deep I was going into unfamiliar territory .
At last , I saw him from a distance , entering a half abandoned , old , crumbling house .
###Chapter 54
FAILED PLANS VALERIA I pushed the wooden door , which was barely hanging on its hinges , and it let out a loud creak .
Inside , the stench of mold , rotting wood , and decay hit my nose like a slap , my eyes adjusting to the overwhelming darkness .
Beside me , I noticed some remains of wooden beams from what used to be a doorframe .
I picked up one with my trembling hands , playing the heroine once again .
What I was doing was far too dangerous and reckless I knew that .
But I couldnt just let them take him right in front of my eyes .
I couldnt lose another pup , or I would never forgive myself Step by step , I ventured deeper into what seemed like the entrance hall and then into a living area , keeping a watchful eye on the floor where the wooden planks were lifted in some places , leaving dark , deep holes with no visible bottom .
Miss Valeria ! Edwards tearful voice called from above , and I immediately raised my head , spotting him at the top of the staircase , trapped between the shadows and the beams of moonlight filtering through the half collapsed ceiling , The man held him from behind , an arm wrapped tightly around his neck , nearly strangling him , keeping the child suspended in the air since Edward couldnt support himself His legs shook with strange spasms , his face red with terror , his small hands desperatel
y trying to loosen the iron grip around his neck .
Stay calm , sweetheart .
Everything will be alright , Edward , I tried to soothe him when I saw his face soaked withi tears , overwhelmed with fear and pain Let the boy go , you bastard ! What do you want ? Money ?! Heh , what a brave and selfless maid , sacrificing yourself for the Alphas son .
How much do you think Daddy would pay us for him ? he mocked me with cruel sarcasm .
If you know hes the Alphas son , how dare you do this within the packs territory ? I questioned , mind racing to find a way out of this situation .
He responded , saying he no longer belonged to the pack , and then launched into a hateful monologue about the Alpha .
Valeria ! Where are you ?! Amid the chaos , Aldrics voice suddenly echoed in my mind , igniting a spark of hope I had thought we were too far apart for the link to work .
I dont know exactly ! Its an old house on the outskirts of the packs center they have the Alphas son ! Hurry , Aldric ! I screamed in my mind , all while stalling the sadistic man upstairs , trying to buy time .
Dont do anything reckless , Valeria ! Im close.
Im following your scent ! Please , little one , dont put yourself in danger run if you get the chance ! the how and way can wolt for the Alpha se mene y uchu 11 may here and look after him .
Just hand anymoes , Thegged , taking a rantsoen tep forward , terrified that once Aldric tom what they attend , this man might harth the hostage 1 held toward in In my arms , I could protect b?ng → 17 you want him ni badly , hers , take him ? be univered , and before trould react , he hurled the child down the ETWAND ? I akioked , rushing toward the base of the stain ase , heart pounding only to realize too late it had been a distractión .
Ihadit noticed the other figures lurking in the darkness until they ambushed me from behind when my guard was lowered .
Let me go , you bastards ! Let me go ! Aldric Aldric ! Let miego , you sick bastards ! I thrashed against what felt like two ingen restraining me , but of course , I was no match for their strength , Why did these horrible things always happen to me ? Why couldnt evil people just leave me alone ? Why ? Why ? like My Trustration boiled as I struggled violently , screaming la a madwoman , trying to break free in the overwhelming darkness .
Then , something answered my silent plea Suddenly , black wings flapped around us , slicing through the air .
The deafening caws of ravens filled the room , their sharp bealo , and claws slashing at my captors faces .
creamed , trying to fend off the frenzied flock of birds , swiping blindly as the ravens attacked their eyes .
with vicious precision 1 felt their grip loosen as the birds swarmed around us , feathers swirling through the air .
As unbelievable as the scene was , I didnt waste a second I had to get to Edward making free from the chaos of flapping wings , I lunged toward the small figure lying still on the filthy floor .
But in my desperation , I made my final and gravest mistake I didnt see the gaping hole in the broken wooden floor.
My foot slipped into the void , and before I could react , I fell aturp , high pitched scream tore from my throat as I plummeted into darkness , the crows cries echoing faintly above me , unable to reach me this time .
That the ground hard , landing on my back , dustrising around me as pain exploded through my body .
But nothing compared to the agony that followed .
A deep , wearing pain tore through my chest , unlike anything Id ever felt before .
The stock of blood overwhelmed my senses .
My trembling hands reached for the source , brushing against sorting cold and solid .
A thick , rusted iron rod had pierced straight through my body .
SI FAILED PLANS … Damn it … What the hell happened with those crows out of nowhere ? What do we do with the Kings maid now ? They said she might be dangerous ! Then why the hell did we go through this whole plan to lure her out and take her ? Idiots ! Should we actually ask for ransom for the Alphas son ? Since they wont pay us for the woman anymore … … Forget it ! Run , quickly ! No , leave the boy there ! I could barely make out the voices as my vision blurred .
I stared helplessly at the hole above me , where three figures lingered , watching me like shadows from the underworld .
Everything was fading the pain , the sound , the light .
The blood kept flowing , soaking the ground beneath me .
I was slipping away .
VALERIA !!! A deafening roar echoed through the building , yanking me back from the suffocating darkness .
My King had come for me .
###Chapter 55
SHE IS MY MATE ALDRIC When Larrived at that square and didnt see Valeria , my blood ran cold .
I immediately tried to call out to her through the bond , but she seemed too far away .
I followed her scent like a madman until we found the Alphas sons wheelchair abandoned in an inner courtyard .
Some people shared bits of what they had heard or seen .
She was in trouble again reckless , chasing after a stranger I knew she was doing it for the pup , but risking her life like this , exposing herself to danger , made my blood boll with the urge to bend her over my knee and spank her for her foolishness .
Valeria , I wont punish you if youre safe .
I swear I wont even scold you just please , stay alive .
I begged in my mind , running at full speed through the pack , nearly shifting into my beast , leaving the Alpha struggling to keep up behind me .
But when I reached that decrepit house , I could feel the rats escaping through the back .
I didnt have time for those men I would hunt them down later .
Right now , the overwhelming scent of Valerias blood made my soul tremble with a fear I knew all too well .
The terror of losing someone I loved .
VALERIA !! I roared , storming inside , searching for her only to see that dark hole where she lay dying at the bottom of the abyss .
I jumped without thinking , landing hard on the worn floor , which creaked under my weight .
I fell to my knees beside her immediately .
My trembling hands went to the wound in her chest , where a rusty iron rod protruded , impaling her body .
A__Aldric … Dont speak , little one .
Dont waste your energy .
Hold on , Im going to save you I will save you , even if it costs me my life , I promised her , though inside , I was cursing myself , sinking into despair .
If I removed the iron from her chest , the wound would worgen .
I was afraid it had punctured her heart .
I couldnt move her from this spot .
Valeria didnt heal like other wolves ; thats why she had those scars .
She was dying I could feel her pulse fading , her skin growing pale and cold .
My sanity was slipping away along with her life .
I was reliving the nightmare of holding the woman I cared for most as she slipped through my fingers .
No , no , you cant die , Valeria .
I cant lose you too .
I cant .
My chest tightened , my emotions spiraling into helplessness and rage .
Alpha Garret , WHERE THE HELL ARE YOU ?! I NEED YOU HERE , NOW !! I commanded him with all my power , but deep down , I kneww no matter how fast he came , it wouldnt be enough .
SHE BE MY MATI Not even if he sprouted wings .
His blood wouldnt reach Valeria in time to save her .
I leaned over her fragile body , wrapping my arms around her , eyes shut , my vision blurred with grief .
I could feel her slipping away in my arms .
My wolf , shackled deep inside me by countless chains , fought harder than ever , howling in agony , thrashing to break free as our bond with her weakened .
Wait .
If things were truly as I suspected it Valeria was my second chance mate then my blood shouldnt be toxic to her .
She had swallowed my essence before and only fainted , despite the dangers .
I had to take the risk .
This could either save her or send her straight to her death Please , Vale … Im begging you , dont leave me too , little one .
You have to survive .
You have to fight .
I whispered against her lips , giving her the softest kiss , pouring all my emotions into that touch , while my trembling fingers gently caressed her cheek .
Then , I tore open a deep wound in my neck , praying to the Goddess that Valeria was truly my mate .
If it meant sacrificing my life to save hers , I was ready to give her my soul .
I cradled the back of her head , pressing her lips to the bleeding wound on my neck .
Drink , Valeria , Youre not allowed to die .
Thats an order from your King , your Alpha … your male .
Youre mine .
My female .
You belong to me , and youre not leaving this world without me .
I held her tightly against me , desperate not to move her too roughly , demanding over and over that she drink .
The blood trickled down her chin , wasted , as she grew colder , stiffer with every passing second .
DRINK FROM ME , VALERIA ! FIGHT ! DONT GIVE UP ! DAMN IT , YOURE NOT ALLOWED TO GIVE UP ! DRINK MY BLOOD ! TAKE MY LIFE FORCE ! I went mad , roaring inside her mind , forcing her with all my Lycan power to obey .
Desperation crushed my soul , building to unbearable levels until , finally , when I was on the verge of losing her completely , I felt her lips begin to move against my skin .
My heart thundered wildly , more terrified than Id ever felt in my life .
1 was making her drink forcing the cure , or the poison , down her throat .
I stayed completely still while she fed from my vein , cradling her close , my body half draped over hers on the cold floor .
I closed my damp eyes , trying to suppress the knot tightening in my throat , overwhelmed by both fear and relief .
Pleasure coursed through my body despite the dire situation There was no longer any doubt in my mind- 23 SHE IS MY MATE Valeria was my mate .
My second chance at love .
###Chapter 56
YOUR BLOOD IS MY ADDICTION ALDRIC Now that she was feeding on my powerful lycan blood , toxic and poisonous to any female , if I still had any doubts , they were completely gone .
Easy , little one , dont rush , Val .
Im not going anywhere .
Its yours , my whole life is yours , Η I whispered , kissing her sweat damperied forehead as she went wild , sucking from my neck , biting me deep with sharp fangs .
The pull of her mouth on my vein sent shivers of pleasure down to my cock , making me growl low .
My body reacted even against my will .
Giving life and strength to his mate was the greatest pleasure for any wolf , and I was no exception .
Now that I was sure I could save her , I dared to remove that sharp iron from her chest .
Hold on a second , baby .
Its going to hurt for a moment , I warned her , wanting to spare her from the agony , it was impossible .
Lbent the tube with my hand until I heard the crack of the fracture , almost flush against Valerias chest , who moaned painfully against my neck .
The worst part was still to come .
I pressed almost completely against her body , holding her behind the legs and back , ready to carry her .
Im sorry , little one .
but Aaahhhhh ! she screamed in my mind , crushing my soul as I lifted her , pulling that murderous weapon from her flesh .
Immediately , blood flowed faster from the horrible hole left behind , but I forced Valeria to keep taking from my vital strength , confirming that , although slow , she was healing .
Your Majesty , the maiden , is she … is she all right ? the Alpha finally spoke above our heads .
Yes , everything is fine now , I replied , looking intensely at the unconscious woman in my arms .
Her weak body was digesting all my power that now coursed through her veins .
Your son ? Hes safe , a bit in shock and with some bruises , but hes fine .
Well discuss this matter later .
For now , send your men to search for those bastards everywhere , even under the stones of your pack .
Im returning to the mansion .
I carried Valeria and prepared to leave this shithole where almost lost her .
Now that Ive confirmed shes my mate , Ive become even more possessive and overprotective of her because something tells me my worst fear has come true .
My enemy has noticed how important she is to me and is hunting her .
I need to reconsider every decision Ive made with Valeria and decide what our future will be .
56 YOUR BLOOD IS MY ADDICTION VALERIA Confused memories flood my mind .
An agonizing pain and the urge to surrender forever , yet a command , a fierce and authoritative voice kept calling me again and again .
My lips tasted the most delicious liquid in the world , pure aged wine , deep and rich , sliding down my throat , warming my veins and my belly .
It was Aldric .
He saved my life and let me taste his precious lycan blood .
I opened my eyes to the darkness , a hard wall of muscle pressed against my face , my nose filled with his intoxicating scent that I loved .
We were lying on our sides on his bed , and he was holding the protectively , almost merging our bodies together .
Our legs were tangled , and his possessive arm wrapped around my waist .
Iwasnt sure if he was asleep , but I pressed my hand , caressing his broad back , and kissed his chest softly , stealing an intimate moment with the King , grateful for bringing me back to life .
Do you feel unwell ? Does it hurt much ? His husky voice startled me , whispering above my head .
He made me roll onto my back , and my heart pounded wildly at having him so close and being caught touching him .
Im fine … Lets see if thats true , he replied , his hands moving to open my nightgown , exposing my breasts almost completely .
I didnt resist and let him examine me .
I shivered when his hand grazed the spot of my wound , and then he lowered his head to kiss me slowly , sweetly , nothing like his usual rough ways .
His long hair tickled my skin as his masculine hand slid down to grip my hip and thigh sensually .
Im very angry , Valeria , too angry with you .
I swore I wouldnt scold you , but I cant let this recklessness slide , he suddenly said seriously , lifting his head .
In the dimly lit room , his stormy gray eyes pierced into mine , making me swallow hard .
Your Majesty … the pup- Something clicked in my half asleep mind .
The pup ! Calm down , calm down , Valeria .
The child is fine , just a bit bruised from the fall , but hes okay , he reassured me , gently pushing me back onto the bed .
know you did it for him , but I still cant forgive you … Shh , no , I dont care about the whole story .
Well discuss it tomorrow .
He placed a finger on my lips just as I was about to explain everything .
Do you have any idea how I felt having you dying in my arms ? YOUR BLOOD IS MY ADDICTION His husky voice trembled slightly , and I knew perfectly well he was remembering his family .
I wont do it again … I wont … Of course , you wont , he growled , gripping my chin firmly , forcing me to face him.
+ Ill make sure to teach you a lesson when youve rested , you rebellious maiden .
Aldric the good is gone .
###Chapter 57
THE SECRET NOTE THE SECRET NOTE VALERIA He threatens me , and then immediately leans over the niglastand , rummaging through the drawer .
I cant see clearly , but I notice him putting something in his mouth before he moves over me , pinning me to the bed and devouring my lips .
He grabs my hair in a fist , while his other hand grips my neek , not letting me escape his delicious invasion as his tongue tangles with mine .
Something slips down my throat , and I panic .
What did he just make me swallow ? His fingers dig into my cheeks , forcing me to keep my mouth open .
Dont fight , Valeria .
Trust me .
Its a medicine to prevent scarring .
I stop struggling under his dominance , trusting a man again , hoping this time Im not making another mistake .
He wouldnt save my life just to end it afterward .
I swallowed some kind of slimy pill , and immediately , warmth spread all over my body , but especially beneath my left breast .
Aldric stopped kissing me , yanking my gown open , and his mouth trailed down to lick and suck my breasts , cupping them in his large hands , squeezing them and pinching my hardened nipples .
He licked over and over that spot that stung and burned , where the spell had been .
Growling with arousal , his hard erection rubbed against my thigh as his hips moved sensually .
Desire pulsed through my body , just like the time I had that crisis .
Why was this happening again now ? Aaahhh ! I screamed , arching my back when a sharp pain made me writhe , as if something had just been ripped from my body .
I dont know what happened after that .
I lost consciousness When I opened my eyes the next morning , I was alone in bed .
***** The next day , I visited Edward , who cried in my arms and even apologized because I had gotten hurt .
How could I blame a child for that ? I left him calmer , with his mother , who at least in front of the visitors pretended to care .
Later , I reported everything that had happened to the King and the Alpha in the study , including what I heard .
from that kidnapper and his accomplices .
Apparently , he was a former servant of the mansion who had been expelled from the pack for theft .
It wasnt clear if this was truly a kidnapping or something more sinister .
I privately told Aldric the bits I had overheard , that they knew my identity , that it seemed they had used the boy as 10 THE SECRET NOTE bait to lure me in , and that they were working for someone else who was paying theri .
The King looked thoughtful, his brow furrowed , but all he told me was to stay by his side .
Yet , that night , I disobeyed his orders again .
The Alpha organized a ball with the most elite members of the pack .
Many of them were refined , beautiful women hoping to spend the night with His Majesty and try their luck .
I refused to attend .
I was completely against it , despite Aldrics insistence .
I really didnt want to be stared at like a circus freak just for standing next to the King , looking like a scarred mess .
Besides , since yesterday , Ive felt so strange whenever Im near Aldric .
My body feels too sensitive , too hot .
I cant get the taste of his blood out of my mind .
I want him to touch me , kiss me , fuck me , and fill me with his essence This has to be the effect of that damn butterfly .
Alone in my room , with the central door locked , claiming I would sleep early , I started writing a note .
I needed to speak with Quinn urgently .
I didnt like this creepy pack and wanted to leave , but as long as he was busy studying those senseless scribbles , we were delayed .
I slipped out of my room and walked toward the staircase .
Downstairs , I could hear laughter and the clinking of glasses , the murmur of voices .
I clenched my teeth in jealousy , imagining His Majesty surrounded by sexy women .
Better not see it with my own eyes .
Hello , do you need anything ? Suddenly , a servant appeared from one of the guest rooms .
Yes , please deliver this to Guardian Quinn .
Listen carefully , only to Guardian Quinn , no one else , and make sure hes alone without anyone nearby , especially not the King , I warned him , and he nodded seriously , heading downstairs The message was simple and direct .
I rushed back to my room , throwing on a cloak over my dress to protect myself from the mountains cold .
I bolted the door from the inside and sneaked out through the second floor window , climbing down with the help of thick vines covering part of the stone wall .
I was risking wandering alone , but I needed to reach the Altar .
No matter what , I had to see it up close and find some clue to give Quinn so we could get out of here .
ALDRIC THE SECRET NOTE The Alpha , Quinn , and I were seated in Garrets study .
###Chapter 58
SEDUCTIVE LIE ALDRIC An urgent report arrived from his patrol : they found the remains of those three men at the edge of the packs territory .
Its obvious they eliminated the witnesses .
How did they get into the pack if they were supposedly exiled ? 1 asked the Alpha , who looked at me nervously .
They … it seems they blended in with the traveling theater troupe that moves between packs .
The guards didnt properly inspect the caravan , he answered , avoiding my gaze the kind that screamed , youre an idiot managing your security Alpha , I need the information you mentioned about the Altar , Quinn suddenly spoke up .
It seemed like this time he hadnt deciphered those damn words so easily .
Now ? But the ball … he trailed off at my expression of : I couldnt care less about this ridiculous party .
I had attended for appearances , but I was dying to go and corner my Valeria .
Of … of course , Guardian … Ill be right back , he stammered before standing up to open the door and leave .
I heard him nearby , speaking to a servant passing by in the hallway .
A note for Mr.
Quinn ? From Miss Valeria ? You must be mistaken , idiot ! Im sick of being surrounded by incompetents .
Hand it over and do your job properly ! I could clearly sense Quinn tensing beside me , and I rose from my chair , stepping into hearing Valeria and Quinn in the same sentence made me want to kill someone .
Whats going on ? I asked Garret , surprising him as he turned and handed me a note .
hallway because Your Majesty , Miss Valeria sent this message with a servant , he replied , and I said nothing .
I opened the envelope , finding only a short message inside Altar of the Goddess -in my maidens handwriting Very well , thank you , Alpha , I said , not waiting for a response as I walked toward her room , several unpleasant ideas already racing through my mind .
I opened her door and knocked hard on the central door , calling for her .
I repeated it twice until my rage got the better of me , and I kicked the wood until it splintered .
As I expected , the room was empty .
Valeria had disobeyed me , going out alone during the night And I knew exactly where she was .
Crushing the note in my hand , I jumped out of her window , following the same path she had taken , her scent still lingering in the air ..
Iran under the moon , tracking her .
She better have a damn good explanation for this .
Tonight , my mate will know me completely .
VALERIA SEDUCTIVE LIE I walked up to the majestic Altar , bending down to examine the inscriptions , circling the entire round base about a meter high .
No matter how I looked at it , nothing made sense until some small letters , almost hidden in a corner beneath the overgrowth , caught my attention .
I memorized them because it was the only thing carved here in the language of the Dark Realm .
I tensed when I felt a presence lurking behind me , his intoxicating scent reaching my nose , carried by the breeze .
It couldnt be .
How does he always find me ? What kind of damn stalker gift is this ? Id like to know two things .
Number one : What the hell are you doing here alone , in such a dangerous place at night ? And two , Valeria , who was this note for ? I turned to see him holding the crumpled note in his hand , showing me the message I had written for Quinn.
His eyes , sharp as steel , and his intimidating aura surrounded me , making my body tremble .
He was angry .
Very angry .
And if he found out I had wanted to meet Quinn alone in such a secluded spot , I knew hed misinterpret it .
Im waiting , Valeria , and my patience is wearing thin , he said , taking a step toward me .
Then another .
And another … My mind worked furiously .
I bit my lower lip , nervous .
That note was for you , sir , I lied , lowering my gaze , but his hand , strong as steel , gripped my chin , forcing me to meet his stare with no escape .
Well , Im here now .
Tell me why did you summon me to this place with so much secrecy ? You told me youd be resting , that I shouldnt bother you … He knew .
Damn , he knew I was lying .
I was so screwed .
What do I do ? How do I get out of this disaster ? Think , Valena , think ! Then the most absurd yet perfect solution crossed my mind Ill distract him completely .
I removed his hand from my chin and stood on my tiptoes , wrapping my arms around his neck , pressing my breasts against his chest , my body seducing his , feeling heat spread inside me .
Aldric … Im having a crisis from the spell … I need your help .
Thats why I called you here , away from prying eyes , I whispered , caressing the back of his neck , trailing soft kisses along his strong jawline .
I didnt have to fake my desire too much Goddess , this man smelled like pure sex the kind that made your womb clench .
wanted to taste him completely .
Definitely , this had to be the lust from that damn butterfly SEDUCTIVE LIE So , the spell and the butterfly … huh ? he growled , pulling me roughly against his massive , powerful body , one hand gripping my 4ss while the other tangled in my hair dark , dangerous , Intense … and sexy .
Then I suppose Ill have to do my part and satisfy your craving .
But first , you owe me several punishments , Valeria .
I tensed at his threat .
Punishments ? He unfastened my cloak , letting it fall to the ground , leaving me in just the simple dress .
Take off your panties and get on your knees on the Altar of the Goddess , he ordered dominantly , and I knew he wasnt joking .
What ?! On … On the Altar of the Goddess ?! Fake or not , this monument was sacred ! What is this horny lycan planning to do to me in front of Mother Moon ?!
###Chapter 59
DRIVING MY LYCAN CRAZY VALERIA But , sir , the altar is sacred … 1 step back as he steps towards me .
The dangerous look he gives me makes me shiver from head to toe .
The only thing thats holy here is what Im going to do to you next .
Dont make me repeat myself , Valeria .
You wanted me here , here I am .
He stops threateningly , and lifs intense aura surrounds me as if it were caressing my skin .
From now on , I am neither your king nor your boss ; I am your man , and you call me by my name .
Obey me at once ! With tr boots .
trembling hands , I pull my dress up my thighs and pull my panties down , sliding them past my black high I want to hide them behind my back , embarrassed at seeing the wet spot on the fabric , but a lycan hand quickly snatches them away .
I can see that butterfly is hot and lustful today .
Get on the platform , Valeria .
His narrow gray eyes watch me like a hunting beast , his face turned to the side as he sniffs deeply at my panties in his hand and speaks to me hoarsely with his canines out .
I swallow dryly , nervously , as I watch him stuff the panties into a pants pocket and turn to climb onto the platform of the altar .
I look up at the huge statue of the Goddess .
For Goddesss sake , what kind of perverted ritual is this , and why the hell am I so horny ? Its not as painful as the first time , but that doesnt mean I want it any less .
Looks like my crisis lie came true .
On vou your knees and facing me .
I hear his hoarse command behind me , and I turn and stand on the edge .
He is standing in front of me , and the platform reaches his thighs My heart begins to pound wildly as he brings his hand up and caresses my face , slow and sensual , intertwined with such intensity that I feel I have lived just to enjoy this intimate moment .
our gazes His fingers run over my lips , and I stick out the tip of my tongue to lick him .
I want to taste his blood again , consumed by the need to devour this man .
His thumb slips into my mouth , and I suck it erotically , as desperately want to do with his member , which is already making a huge bulge , stretching the fabric .
You are the most beautiful temptation I have ever seen , He confesses in a whisper before leaning in and starting to kiss me .
I open my lips and moan at the pleasure of his mouth , his tongue playing with mine , seducing me .
His rough hand covers the back of my neck , making me shiver , controlling me .
I can only stay on my knees , my head raised as I am kissed deeply .
I feel a tug at the front of my dress , untying the corset to free my hard , sensitive breasts .
50 DRIVING MY LEAN CRAZYS My hands dont stay still .
I caress his shoulders and his strong tattooed back as I cling to his muscular body , and saliva is exchanged between our hungry mouths .
Tell me , where do you want me , Valeria ? He grabs my hair and forces me to pull away for a few seconds , our hot breaths clashing in excitement .
L … I look at him nervously .
If you dont tell me where you want me to fuck you , well stop right here .
No , please dont , I beg, hugging his neck A burning heat builds between my thighs , and I need him to touch me there .
I decide to show him instead of telling him .
I shamelessly take his hand and slip it under the skirt of my dress , up between my legs , which I spread even wider so the king can grope my pussy .
Sshhhhhhh … Mnmnn , I moan , biting my lower lip , closing my eyes , and digging my nails into his shoulder as his fingers slip between my vaginal lips and run up and down my vulva .
He takes my clit between his fingertips and moves it in gentle circles that drive me wild .
He caresses me again in the center , between the two swollen and wet petals .
Im dying for him to penetrate me .
Aldric .
sshhh … put them in , my king ..
mmm … I grab his shirt and pull it roughly open , bringing my lips to his sweaty , pearly skin , tasting delicious wine , licking the hard muscles of his pecs , feeling him shudder and grow low .
Hes not as calm as he looks .
Aaahhh ! I moan loudly as two fingers slip inside , fucking me thoroughly , in and out .
Im losing my mind as I move my hips against his hand between my thighs , seeking more and more stimulation .
I want to seduce this powerful , sexy man .
I want to drive him as wild as he drives me .
I reach up and grab his long , fire like hair from behind his head and crash my mouth against his , moaning between his lips as he works three thick fingers inside me , making love to my pussy .
My hand moves down to his fly to release the grand prize .
Mmmm Valeria … sshhhh … fuck … my female … he moans hoarsely in my mind as I grab the throbbing , vein- filled monster and slowly and sensually stroke it up and down , barely able to squeeze it properly in my palm as the viscous pre cum seeps between my fingers , dripping from the swollen tip .
###Chapter 60
DARK PUNISHMENT VALERIA The kiss becomes devastating , maddening , imposing our will .
Our hands move faster , more urgent , searching for the longed for release .
My fake wolf fangs sting as if they were real .
I die of the need to taste his blood again , like a fucking addict .
Delicious shivers run down my spine , on my knees clinging to the kings body .
Im about to cum , and if he keeps stabbing me in that sensitive spot in my vagina , Ill be seeing stars very soon .
But I forgot something very important this is a punishment .
Nice try to get me off , I almost fell , but its still not enough , little Omega … he growls in an animal voice close to my whores face .
No , no , wait … Aldric ! I protest with a shameless pout as he stops stimulating me .
He smiles sideways , so sexy and hot that I cant even curse him .
His hands go to undress me , tugging at my dress without consent , and I cooperate , pulling my hands up to stand completely naked , just in my high black boots , in front of his smoldering wolfish gaze .
His eyes already have the reddish tint of his lycan .
Turn around on all fours .
I want you in mating position , clutching the legs of the Goddess .
Shit , what is this , some kind of sacrifice ? I hesitated for a second , but I stopped when I saw him sensually taking off his shirt and pulling down his pants , his boots , everything , leaving himself gloriously naked , with that hot body entirely made for sin .
This thing points at me , almost purple , with a slimy string running down to the floor .
<< Mother Moon , thank you for sending me this gigantic gift after so much abstinence .
I will cry with great joy ? I thank her sincerely inwardly but freeze when I hear his hoarse , deep chuckle , even though he puts his hand over his mouth to hide it .
No , no , it cant be that I said that in his head ! Youre so unfocused I can hear everything , my sexy female .
I promise to make you cry until you pass out .
Turn the fuck around , Valeria ! Aldric steps to the platforms edge , intimidating , his six feet bending my small body , and I finally turn to follow his orders .
I lower my head , a little embarrassed in front of the Goddess that Im behaving like a prostitute , loudly begging for this mans member .
My legs kneeling , feet on the edge of the platform , thighs spread , my buttocks steep , clinging with my life to the statues legs , ready to be punished .
Mmmm ….
Sshhh , I moan as I feel him kneeling behind my body , roughly spreading my buttocks and licking all traces of juice from my pussy with his long lycan tongue , which then wanders to a strange place .
I tense up as I feel a finger caress my ass , and his tongue flicks that dirty spot .
What is the king up to ? DARK PUNISHMENT Soon I know the answer .
Aldric sits up and leans against my back , which trembles with pleasure as I feel his passionate kisses on the back of my neck , pushing away the sweaty hair that sticks to my shiny skin .
Down below , the thick glans begins to rub erotically against my vulva , which is ready to come on its own .
Aldric , I cant take it anymore , I cant take it anymore … fuck me now , my lycan , I beg , arching up and taking one of my buttocks in my hand to open myself completely to his cock .
Then enjoy it , he groans in my car but Im not going to enjoy anything ! Where is this mau aiming ?! Wait , wait , aaahhh , youre wrong ! … I try to turn around when I feel his penis trying to penetrate my ass , but his arm is around my waist like a shackle , not letting me move .
You didnt want me to make you cry ? Ill fulfill your wishes , my female .
He pushes a little more , and the ring of muscles protests .
Thats not going in there ! No , no , wait , Aldric ! I didnt want to cry like that , not like that ! … No matter how much you beg , I will do the same thing you do when I give you an order .
Ill blow it off and fuck your ass because I want to and I can .
Smack , smack , smack several spanks land on my ass , making me let out little yelps of surprise , and the painful pressure intensifies despite my attempts to relax .
Im really thinking of leaving him .
My toes sink into the stone , at the feet of the Goddess , and my heart races in panic .
This is going to hurt like a knife it already hurts , and he hasnt even gotten the tip in Aahhhh ! I dont want to , I dont want to , I dont want to ! Fucking Lycan , get off me , get off me ! I dont want you to break my ass , I dont want to ! I completely forget our positions and start cursing him , struggling in his arms .
Aldric pulls me up and presses my trembling back against bis hot chest , which I hear rumbling .
Hes laughing , the son of a bitch ! ALDRIC I feel her shiver in my arms , and this time , its not from excitement shes really scared .
I wonder if she would run away knowing that deep down inside , if she didnt resist , I would deflower that tight virgin hole that I will also taste one day .
The next time it crosses your mind to disobey me or lie to me , remember very well what the consequence will be , Valeria .
This thing … I take her hand and make her grab my cock , which sticks out from the middle of her two thighs .
Its going to rape your ass deeply and mercilessly , so think twice .
BO BAIK PUNISHMENT I know very well that the butterfly thing is bullshit , but she doesnt know that shes already free of the spell , so I decide to believe that the note was meant for me .
THIS FEMALES MINE
###Chapter 61
THIS FEMALE IS MINE ALDRIC I wont think about complicated things that wont lead me down a good path .
Ill choose to believe Valeria confused the spell with her heat .
Because yes , even if her inner she wolf is absent , this Omega is undeniably aroused by her heat , which she doesnt even seem to recognize , and it must have been triggered by drinking my blood .
She trembles , rubbing against my body .
Desire has already surpassed fear , because her small , daring hand is shamelessly stroking my length again , and her hot pussy is grinding back and forth along my shaft , soaking it completely and driving me insane .
Ssshhh … Grrr , come on , Valeria , take what youre so desperately begging for … No more tricks ? she turns her head slightly to ask me in a lustful whisper , her blue eyes clouded and seductive .
Goddess , how I love this female you created for me .
Ive never been this turned on , not even with her .
No more tricks , baby .
Im all yours , Valeria … Mmmnnn … Sshhh … aah fuck you , you horny woman … She doesnt even let me finish speaking before she leans forward , bracing one hand on the statue , kneeling , and guiding my tip to finally sink into that delicious heat that immediately pulses around me , tightening as if made only for my cock .
Ssshhh … its so thick … Aaahhh , so good , my King … so hard Aaahhhh she moans loudly , making me lose control , arching her back as I thrust my hips forward , sinking more than halfway into her soaked , eager pussy .
Fuck , Vale … Mmm … youre my damn downfall , woman , I growl , unable to hold back anymore , giving in to my primal urges .
I grab her hair , black as the night above us , and sink my fingers into her hips to drive forward , fucking her deep , my balls slapping against her clit as I bury myself to the base .
I grit my teeth , struggling to endure the waves of pleasure coursing down my spine .
Every muscle in my body tenses with the rhythm of my hips , the pa pa pa of my thighs colliding against her flesh echoing in the sacred space .
I watch my shaft slide in and out , coated in her arousal , both of our fluids dripping down to the Altar of the Goddess as I finally claim my mate .
Valeria cries out in pleasure , pushing back against me , her hands gripping the feet of the statue like the most sinful and delicious offering .
The shift courses through my limbs as I climb onto the edge of the platform , kneeling behind her , completely covering her with my heavy body , pressing her against the smooth stone while I make love to her like the beast she has fully unleashed within me .
Aaaahh … its too big … Aldric , wait … aaaahhh … she cries out to the heavens when my body starts the shift from human to lycan .
My red cock forcefully penetrates her folds , which tighten even more but keep greedily sucking me in , soaking the -dark fur now covering my abdomen .
I roar behind her back , completely out of control , my clawed hands caressing her sensual breasts while the other grips her belly , feeling myself fuck her deep , all the way to her cervix .
61 THIS FEMALE IS MINE I want her submissive .
I want her whole .
I crave to devour her .
My lycan instincts take over completely , seeking to mate with his female in a wild , primal , and utterly consuming way .
Her need for my blood crashes against my senses along with her desperate moans echoing in my head .
Every sensation shes experiencing transmits back to me , clouding my already blurred mind .
How can an Omegas body satisfy me this deeply and still beg for more ? I slice my wrist and press it to her parted lips , growling low as she bites down , her canines piercing me as she drains my blood , lost in the frenzy .
Im in limbo , aching to cum so badly that I can already feel the spurts escaping from my urethra .
My beasts eyes lock obsessively on her neck .
My wolf is fighting like a madman , desperate to mark her .
My lycan head lowers , and as Valeria cries out , her body convulsing beneath mine , trembling as I dominate her completely , she shatters , spilling over my shaft in a powerful climax that grips me so tightly it nearly breaks me .
In that same moment , I sink my fangs into her delicate neck , marking her as mine .
Her sweet blood , like dark melted chocolate , floods my mouth , burning deliciously down my throat .
On the Altar of the Moon Goddess , a massive lycan claims his delicate she wolf , filling her completely with his seed , buried so deep there is no part of her left untouched .
I wrap her trembling body in my arms as she whimpers , feeling the ache my lycan knot swelling inside her , locking us together , ensuring not a single drop of my cum is wasted as I fill her to the brim .
Valeria , I belong to you completely .
I swear to protect you from my enemies .
I wont fail you too … Valeria … I love you so much .
My lycan lifts his head and roars at the massive moon above us , his fangs dripping with blood .
This is my mate .
MINE ! If you created her for me , I will take her without resistance .
I cant let her go , even if I wanted to .
Dont you dare take her from me too ! DONT YOU DARE , MOTHER ! My chest pounds furiously as I hold my woman close .
Azarot , my inner wolf , howls in release , desperately seeking his mate .
###Chapter 62
SHE IS PERFECT VALERIA Never , not even in my wildest sexual fantasies , did I imagine being taken by a massive beast in such an intense , dark , and damnably hot way .
My belly feels swollen and full , my pussy stretched to a painful limit , struggling to accommodate the knot of the gigantic lycan who pants and growls behind me , pushing his manhood so deep it feels like hes impaling me .
Im not afraid .
Desire and a twisted pleasure course through my body .
I want all of him .
I want him to fill me completely with his essence , to take me until I lose my mind .
However , when I felt his tongue licking my nape and his canines piercing my skin , I truly felt fear .
My brain chilled for a moment .
Aldric cant find out ! He cant know the odd things that dwell inside me , or hell reject me .
Im not a fool .
Every clue points to me being connected to the Dark Realm I dont want to lose him .
I cant let the man Ive fallen in love with hate me again .
In the middle of so much overwhelming pleasure , I summon that deep desire to hide it all just like when I blend into the night , concealing my scent and presence from the senses of werewolves .
All the secrets of my blood , of what I am , I bury deep inside myself in a panic attack , silently praying to the Goddess that Aldric never discovers the truth .
ALDRIC I hold my small , lustful treasure against my chest , sitting on the platform of the Goddesss Altar , Valeria unconscious in my arms , straddling my thighs as I wait for my knot to finally subside .
Weve done it several times now , and each time has been more incredible than the last .
My entire body vibrates with satisfaction , having this female who challenges and provokes me , who makes every one of my dark , beastly fantasies come true .
I stroke her sweat dampened hair , clinging to her glowing skin like the moon above us , kissing her trembling eyelids and damp lashes because , in the end , she did cry from pure pleasure .
Valeria is incredible .
I dont know how I could have even considered letting her go , denying this love that overflows from my chest .
Because youre an idiot .
It doesnt matter how many centuries have passed some things have only gotten worse , I hear the deep , rough voice of my spirit wolf growl inside me .
Azarot , dont start .
You know my reasons very well .
Remember , you were the one who chose to lock yourself away in the first place .
You said it yourself , d4mn it .
My choice ! Not because you decided to keep me imprisoned later ! While she wasnt SHE IS PERFECT here , I preferred not to witness your disgusting orgies trying to fill your loneliness , Aldric .
But once she appeared our mate how the fuck could you even think of pushing her away , you bastard ?! SHE IS MINE ! He hurls insults at me , as usual , his temper uncontrollable but I let him rant while I focus on the delicious sensation of finally withdrawing from my woman .
She whimpers softly against my chest as my semi hard shaft slips out of her warm sheath , still dripping with my release , the evidence of our passion staining the Lunar Altar .
Ill have to clean up this mess of cum everywhere later or maybe not .
Perhaps Ill leave it right here for a certain jackal to understand exactly who this female belongs to .
I lift her , covering her slightly with the clothes wed discarded , and head toward the rivers deep in the mountains behind us .
Stop insulting me and find a hot spring .
These lands are famous for them I dont want to put her in cold water .
Ill find it for my female , since you were oh so powerful without me , right ? Didnt need me ? Maybe I should let your balls freeze off instead .
Go to the right .
Following his sarcastic instructions , I walk deeper into the forest , where fireflies scatter each time my bare feet press against the dew soaked grass .
The moon lights the way across the clear sky , sprinkled with stars .
The scent of damp earth and the distant sound of water flood my senses .
I venture deeper into the mountain caves , passing behind a massive waterfall , until I reach a small cavern where several steaming pools heat the air with a comforting warmth .
Walt here for a second , little one .
I gently set Valeria down on a dry patch of ground , laying her over our clothes , and step into the pools to test the waters temperature until I find the perfect one for her .
Lifting her back into my arms , I sink into the warm water , cradling my beautiful female while I cleanse the remnants of our passion from her delicate body .
Mmmnn … A soft moan escapes her lips as the soothing warmth touches her skin , her senses stirring slightly , but I know shes far past exhaustion .
Shes so beautiful , my wolf murmurs obsessively , staring at our mate through my eyes .
I can only nod in agreement .
Ive never cared about Valerias scars , and Azarot even less .
To us , shes simply perfect .
I cant reach her she wolf .
The mark can only be temporary , Aldric .
Without her inner wolf present , the ritual cant be completed , he says with a frown in my mind .
Im seated on a stone at the bottom of the pool , just savoring the moment of holding her , resting against my chest .
What did you see inside Valeria through the blood connection ? Its too strange … a layer of shadows and dark power covers everything inside her , preventing me from reaching her wolf spirit .
Honestly , I couldnt even sense its presence It definitely seems like a spell from the Dark Realm .
Those damn bloodsuckers did something to our female ! SHE IS PERFECT Valeria said her parents were violently attacked , that she might have been cursed .
She doesnt remember much .
Thats why even with our lycan blood , she cant fully heal or gain the advantages of our race .
But she can shift into awolf form and go into heat .
Why can she do some things but not others ? I think through all the possibilities while pulling her closer to my skin .
Its all too strange … but one thing is clear .
This will eventually hurt her .
She cant keep carrying that darkness inside .
We need to find someone who can break that curse .
GETTING TO KNOW MY WODFIE +
###Chapter 63
GETTING TO KNOW MY WOLFIE ALDRIC I agree with Azarot , but that means Ill have to ask some witch from the Dark Realm to examine her and break the spell .
I have so many doubts .
Why would someone cast such a curse on Valeria ? Could it be connected to that bastard ex of hers , some kind of plot to harm her ? Many werewolves buy curses and spells like the sexual slave enchantment .
They all come from the underworld , the black market .
No matter how hard I try to shut it down , they keep buying those dangerous tricks from the Dark Realm in secret , Im going to heal you , love , no matter what it takes .
Ill rid you of that damn contaminated magic inside you .
You cant have anything to do with the Dark Realm .
I want you far away from danger .
I press her against my skin , kissing her temple while listening to her soft breathing , gently caressing her entire body .
I wont lose you too , Valeria .
Those creatures of darkness wont take you from my side .
When will you tell her were mates ? She doesnt seem to feel it without her wolf , and besides , shes already free from the Aurum butterfly spell , Azarot questions .
Ill speak with her about our bond as soon as we have a quiet moment .
As for the slave spell … I want to play a little longer with my provocative she wolf .
VALERIA My senses return , reminding me Ive just had the wildest , most intense night of my life .
I was sacrificed before the Goddess multiple times and in different positions .
Flashes of me , riding a massive , hard lycan cock , make me shudder with both lingering pleasure and shame .
This sexual slave spell … its serious .
I squeeze something soft and warm in my hands .
Im lying on my side in a bed , hugging this warm blanket that smells so delicious I bury my nose deeper into it .
Suddenly , something wet sniffs my hair , my neck , and a warm tongue laps over my face and shoulder .
The powerful sound of a heartbeat thuds against my ear .
Wait ! Is Aldric still in his lycan form ? I open my eyes wide , only to see black fur streaked with reddish copper tones across the chest of what looks like a massive wolf Im clinging to .
Calmly , I ease back a little , looking up in awe , only to be met with the intimidating face of a giant wolf staring GETTING TO KNOW MY WOLFIE deep into me with ruby red eyes the same beastly eyes as Aldrics lycan form .
My heart races when he leans in closer , his massive form pressing against my bare body on the Kings bed .
His dominant aura surrounds me , but it doesnt feel dangerous .
Still , I cant shake the feeling that he wants to devour me .
Wait , wolfie … I bury my hands in his reddish ears when he lunges forward , pinning me against the mattress that creaks beneath our combined weight .
His massive body covers mine as he licks softly at the skin of my chest .
Dont be scared , little one .
Hes Azarot , my inner wolf , and he would never harm you , Valeria .
Aldrics voice finally speaks in my mind , confirming my suspicions .
I shudder , moaning softly as the first warm lick drags over my sensitive nipple , and my legs instinctively press against his broad sides and hind legs .
A low growl rumbles from his chest , sending chills over my skin as his sharp canines graze me and his playful tongue continues to torment my breasts .
I feel strange aroused beneath this heated wolf as he rubs his powerful body all over me .
Ifhes a lycan , how can he shift into a wolf like a regular werewolf ? Baby , Im not the Lycan King for nothing .
Your mate has great power , Aldric responds with a deep , raspy in my head , clearly affected by the heat between the sheets as much as I am .
Azarot nips gently at my nipple , growling , demanding my attention back on him .
No , no , wait , wait , wolfie … I stammer , stopping him when he pulls back slightly , something hard and wet rubbing against my thigh .
I lower my gaze toward his fur covered belly and freeze at the sight .
He nudges my waist gently with his muzzle , licking sensually along my ribs , coaxing me .
I know perfectly well what he wants .
He wants me to turn around .
But theres no way Im doing that , because I know exactly what this wolf in heat is planning .
voice Aldric , enough already ! What are you playing at ? I protest , making him huff and growl when I call his Majestys name again .
His expressions are almost human so damn cute , even if Im probably the only person alive whod think that about this enormous , intimidating beast .
Dont be mad , A … Azarot .
I … dont you think this is a bit fast for the first time were meeting ? I cough awkwardly , trying to avoid looking at the hard thing pressing insistently against my thigh .
Besides , Im too tired from last night to shift into my wolf form .
We stare at each other for several seconds .
I can practically see him debating whether to eat me now or later .
When he leans in again , I tense , thinking hell keep insisting but instead , he simply lies down on top of me , his massive weight pressing me back into the pillows , resting his head gently on my collarbone .
63 , GETTING TO KNOW MY WOOFIE I smile softly as his wet nose tickles my neck , sniffing me , nuzzling , his head resting protectively against my shotilder .
Strange feelings stir in my heart .
I press my hands into his thick black and copper fur , hugging him tighter against me , closing my eyes as the sunlight peeks through the tall windows .
I can feel it a knot forming in my throat as these raw , possessive emotions radiate from him .
Azarot , I whisper his name , feeling him shudder slightly and press deeper into the crook of my neck .
How long have I waited to feel like this ? It seems like an eternity .
Dorians wolf never even looked at me , never approached me this way .
He never made the slightest effort to mark How could I have been so foolish so in love with someone who despised me so much ? Little one , Ill leave Quinn here , and tomorrow well return to the castle .
Valeria , we need to talk about many things .
Now that you bear my mark , even if its temporary everything has changed between us .
Aldrics deep voice echoes in my mind .
I nod silently , swallowing hard , feeling both nervous and afraid of what comes next as I cling tighter to my wolf , seeking comfort in his warmth and strength .
Will he hate me when he finds out I dont have a she wolf spirit to be his true mate ? 64 THE WRONG SIDE
###Chapter 64
THE WRONG SIDE VALERIA I fell asleep a little longer .
However , even though the King told me to rest all day , Im not the type to spend so many hours in bed .
I walked to the bathroom to wash up , feeling the ache in my sore muscles from all the physical activity .
My thighs were sensitive , and my intimate parts well , even more so .
Yet , I found myself smiling foolishly in front of the mirror blushing and satisfied as I traced my fingers over the scars on my face and my swollen lips .
I wasnt sure if it was just my imagination , but they seemed less marked , less ugly .
It had to be his delicious blood , the one I couldnt get enough of .
I felt sexy , and desired , noticing how the marks of his hands were already fading from my skin .
That lycan made me feel alive , like the most beautiful woman in the world .
I got dressed and decided to visit little Edward and head down to find Celine , the Guardian Quinns sister .
The whole note incident wasnt very smart , so even if we dont get along , I have no choice but to trust her if I want to share what I found .
PAF ! I heard the sound of a slap and something falling to the floor just as I was about to knock on the childs door .
Through the crack , hateful words from his mother escaped into the hallway .
Dont pretend all of a sudden ! What are you trying to pull ? Isnt it enough playing with our sanity every day ? What do you want , for the King to execute us all , you damn brat ? Mama , dont hit me … uuuwww … why dont you love me? Why do you only care about my brother ? Im your little boy , mama , Im Edward … aahh … Edwards sobs mixed with the Lunas hateful words .
I clenched my fists in rage and knocked forcefully , interrupting the exchange inside .
She immediately opened the door and looked startled when she saw me I can imagine the furious expression I mustve had .
I came to ask for permission to take little Edward for a walk .
Will his caring mother allow me ? I asked , trying not to let sarcasm drip from my voice .
After all , it was a family matter , and I was still an outsider .
про whatever you want , she replied with a frown , then passed me , leaning closer to whisper in a low voice , almost a hiss : Be ca careful , Miss .
Nothing here is what it seems .
Your kindness could lead you to a tragic end .
I stared at her , not fully understanding , but she continued down the hall .
Turning back , I approached the bed where Edward lay crying , a red handprint visible on his face .
No matter how you look at it , what shes doing is wrong .
64 THE WRONG SIDE Come on , little one , dont cry anymore .
Were going out to play , okay ? He clung to my neck , sobbing and telling me how his mother was cruel and didnt love him .
My heart ached , but there was nothing I could do .
Tomorrow , Ill leave , and this child will be left to his fate .
I calmed him down and helped him get dressed so we could go down to the garden .
I was worried about not finding Celine maybe she was stil with her brother .
Though Aldric had told me he would personally investigate the Altar with Quinn .
I really hoped he had cleaned up last nights mess Id die of embarrassment if the Guardian found those sticky traces on the stone .
Celine , I need to tell you something , I dared to reach out mentally when I felt her not far , exercising in the woods .
I only did this because Aldric was distant and couldnt intercept our messages .
Me ? she responded , confused .
Yes .
Its hard to contact Guardian Quinn when hes so close to the King .
And no , its not something personal between us .
I think you already know I can read the Altar , added quickly to avoid misunderstandings , I explained what I had found the coordinates and how everything else seemed to be a decoy , all while pushing Edwards wheelchair toward the park .
No wonder Quinn was so frustrated .
I know where those coordinates lead Ive searched this forest thoroughly .
It points to an old abandoned greenhouse , she explained , giving me a solid lead.
I thought my part was done , that the rest would be up to her or so I believed until Edwards next words changed everything I dont want to go to the park today , Miss Valeria .
Can we go to my secret place ? I have treasures I want to show you ! Of course , sweetheart .
Where is it ? I knelt beside him , smiling .
Its over there , in an old greenhouse , he said , turning his head and looking straight at me .
That strange sensation of danger and darkness swept over me again the moment I touched his hand and gazed into his eyes .
Be careful , Miss .
Nothing here is what it seems .
Your kindness could lead you to a tragic end .
His mothers words echoed in my mind .
I wondered if I had misjudged everything all this time and blamed the wrong side .
Of course , my love .
Well go wherever you want , I replied with a forced smile as I stood up and began pushing his wheelchair Celine , Im heading to the greenhouse .
Follow me silently I think I might need your help .
###Chapter 65
SECRET CLUES DARIUS ( VAMPIRE KINGS GENERAL ) The time has come , I tell my men , seated in the old crypt that serves as our refuge outside the borders of Silver Lake .
I dont dare get too close to that pack with the Lycan King prowling and more alert than ever .
However , the strategy of using the Alphias family has continued to work for me .
With some adjustments , there was always a useful pawn weak , defenseless one I could use as a spy and to manipulate the soft heart of that maiden .
Thane , prepare everything for the transfer spell .
We need to complete the operation quickly before the Lycan King can react .
Set the shadow portals for my men , I order the sorcerer traveling with us .
The most powerful vampires can conjure some elemental magic , but for stronger spells , we need the help of a dark warlock .
Sir , that small body wont withstand much if I transfer more of your power into it , he warns .
I just need it to last long enough .
Youre not here to give suggestions transfer more comes .
Right now , its barely usable as a spy .
After all , he was already half dead when you cursed him , I reply without concern .
Why should I care about the life of that miserable fool ? of my power when the time I touch my chest where the small vial containing the powerful blood of the descendant of Juno rests .
I had to use a few more drops on the first Altar just to confirm it was a fake and reveal the coordinates leading to that greenhouse .
I have no idea how to find the true Altar without using her blood again .
A shiver runs over my skin just imagining what the King will do to me if he finds out about the unnecessary waste of blood but I will make up for it .
Ill fix this the right way by bringing him the valuable woman from the prophecy .
What a surprise when I saw her again , this time at the Lycan Kings side .
I realized she wasnt just some random woman , that I had been deceived before .
She was the one reading the information on the Altars and guiding Aldric Throne .
I tried paying those fools to kidnap her to avoid the risk , but the damn flea bitten wolves failed even at that .
They nearly caused her death and then had the audacity to ask me for payment .
Ill handle this myself .
Everything is ready .
I will learn the clues from this Altar and take that woman to use her .
We must find the tomb of the ancient Queen , the descendant of Juno .
SECRET CLU VALERIA My gaze wandered across the forest surrounding the old dirt path as I pushed the wheelchair .
Edward , as usual , wasnt very talkative .
He was never a lively child , but today , he seemed even quieter than usual .
Is this the place ? I asked when we reached a half ruined greenhouse in the middle of the woods .
Yes , its my secret place , his small voice answered .
Come inside , I have many interesting things to show you .
We moved along the overgrown path , wild plants creeping up the tall glass walls of the greenhouse .
Celine , do you sense anything strange ? Not yet , but this place gives off a disturbing aura .
Be careful Im following closely in secret .
I pushed open the rusted doors , which creaked as they swung apart , revealing a rectangular space .
In the center was a rough , earthen path , and on either side were what I assumed had once been beautiful gardens , now overrun with weeds and small stone statues In one corner sat a pond like fountain , its water murky and foul smelling , the stench rising from its depths .
Edward , this place feels too lonely and abandoned .
Why do you come here to play ? I knelt beside him , wanting to understand where he was leading me .
Its because no one wants to play with me since Im defective .
At least here , I have friends ! Look , Ill introduce you to them ! His voice dropped with sadness , but then he perked up and pointed toward the small statues among the overgrown plants .
I decided to play along , following him as we examined each statue .
He had even given them names .
Moss covered the cracks on many of them some were missing heads or arms .
However , something caught my attention as I observed them more closely .
A statue of a woman holding a child was gazing in a specific direction .
When I followed her line of sight , she was looking toward another statue , a she wolf growling at a man dressed as a gardener .
And so it continued , as if the statues were guiding me toward a particular place .
Following my instincts , I ventured deeper into the abandoned greenhouse .
At the back , there was a small , round structure with a domed roof .
It looked like it once served as a reading nook or a peaceful spot for afternoon tea .
Wait here for a moment , Edward .
left the boy in the corridor and climbed a short , worn staircase , entering the structure .
The place smelled of rust , age , dampness , and decaying leaves .
I scanned the room carefully for clues , the forest barely visible through the stained , dirty glass windows .
Finally , something suspicious caught my eye in a corner .
SECRET CLUES A small stone figurine of a woman clearly representing the Moon Goddess .
1 knew it because it was identical to the one from the fake Altar in the mountains .
Something isnt right , I murmured , approaching the 50 cm statue placed atop a pedestal and examining it closely .
Her hands pointed downward , yet in the Goddess Altar from the mountains , her hands were raised toward the sky .
Driven by curiosity to uncover the truth behind so many mysteries , I touched the cold stone hands and tried to lift them upward .
They creaked and shifted ! Astonished , I wondered what it could mean but then a noise , followed by a trembling beneath my feet , made me snap back to reality .
###Chapter 66
THE REHEM VALERIA I immediately moved to the side , watching the ground creak open like an old , rusty machine .
In the depths of the earth , a dark passage revealed itself , descending through ancient stairs to what seemed like a basement beneath the greenhouse .
What was that noise , Miss Valeria ? Are you alright ? Edwards voice reached me , and I leaned out to see him right where I had left him , sitting in his wheelchair with a worried expression .
Yes , Im fine .
It was a stuck window I tried to open , and it made that sound .
Stay there , dont worry , I lied , as 1 no longer fully trusted anyone .
He couldnt climb the stairs alone , let alone descend into this narrow space .
Celine , I think Ive found the right place for the Altar to the Goddess .
Im going down to read it , watch my back .
up here .
I left Edward inside the greenhouse keep an eye on him .
Valeria , I dont like this at all .
Im calling my brother to come over .
I think its better to wait … Your brother will come with Aldric .
How will we explain all this ? The King isnt stupid .
I dont know how much longer I can keep up the act .
Fine , hurry .
Do it , but Valeria , at the slightest danger , get out .
Let me know right away Im close .
Edward , wait there for a moment .
Im just looking at some beautiful statues I found , I said casually , and he replied that he was fine and would play with his friends .
I descended then , clenching my fists and summoning my courage , trying to plant my feet firmly so I wouldnt slip and break my neck on the stone stairs .
I glanced around , feeling the damp walls with mild disgust at their sliminess from the moss as I advanced through a narrow corridor .
There was a faint light at the end , so I headed towards it .
My feet occasionally stumbled on the uneven stone floor , but that tugging sensation in my chest only grew stronger .
I wasnt doing this out of curiosity or recklessness alone dared this far because something deep in my soul was pulling me towards those altars .
I wanted to uncover their secrets , to understand how the story continued and where it would lead next .
The corridor opened into a gallery .
The low , ribbed ceiling was supported by several sturdy columns , and at the far end , under a skylight , I saw it the true Altar to the Moon Goddess .
I approached immediately , running trembling fingers over the inscriptions carved into the square stone base .
Celine , I found it ! Ill read it to you quickly , and then you can tell Quinn ! I began translating everything I found for her the continuation of the story and clues about the next pack My fingers trembled as I uncovered one by one the secrets no one else seemed able to decipher .
Quickly , Valeria ! Get out of there now my brother just spoke to me .
Hes returning to the mansion with the THE SCHEM King ! She warned me , and my heart pounded wildly .
Still , it had been worth the risk we now had the advantage .
I was just about to leave when a detail caught my attention There was a narrow slot in the rock at the base of the statue I leaned closer to examine the mechanism , tracing it with my fingers .
A powerful , dark energy emanated from it , but I couldnt quite figure out how to unlock it .
It was as as simple as inserting my fingers and pulling gently causing a small drawer to open .
My eyes gleamed at the sight of the silver ornament hidden inside the Altar .
It was an ancient relic , a small star with sharp , dangerous points .
I didnt have time to analyze it further .
A creaking sound behind me set me on alert , and in a quick impulse , I took the small relic and tucked it into the neckline of my dress .
I hissed softly in pain as one of the sharp points pricked my skin , but I endured it , turning to face the presence behind me , thinking it might be Celine .
Celine ? I asked cautiously , tense .
Something told me the shadow watching me from the dark corridor wasnt the Alpha .
It took a step forward then another in a strange , twisting motion , as if its feet contorted with each step .
My voice froze in my throat as the silhouette emerged into the light .
E … Edward ? I stammered in disbelief , seeing the boy walking towards me , though awkwardly , his head bowed , his eyes hidden beneath his brown hair .
Tsk , tsk … little Edward has gone to sleep .
Now you and I will talk , little lying maiden .
He suddenly lifted his head , and in those once innocent eyes , a sinister blood red glow now shone .
That voice I had heard that chilling voice before coming from his lips .
It was that vampire searching for the woman who could read the Altar .
He was looking for me .
What did you do to the boy ?! Leave him alone ! Hes just an innocent child ! I shouted , worried for the boy , calling for Celine in my mind .
Ill leave him alone … but first , tell me what the Altar says Read it completely for me , or this cripple will die .
And dont try any tricks like before .
You cant imagine what dark energy can do to such a fragile body .
His threat made me freeze in horror as Edwards features twisted in pain .
The veins in his pale neck darkened as though tainted blood was rising towards his face .
From his lips came agonizing , pain filled whimpers .
AAAAHHH ! It hurts ! Help me , Miss Valeria , help me ! he suddenly screamed , his tear filled eyes meeting mine for a second Leave him alone ! Dont hurt him ! Ill tell you Ill tell you everything ! Just stop ! 1 take a step forward , hands stretched out , begging him .
THE REHEM I have no other choice .
I turn around and start reading the formation to the enemy , Skip the story , I dont care about it .
Tell me directly where the next Altar is located ! I try to deceive him with a few words , to avoid giving him all the clues , but he keeps threatening Edwards life .
He seems to know a lot about the Altar , making it difficult to lie to him .
I told you everything ! Let him go , please ! Hes just a little boy .
If you want me , I wont resist .
Come , you can take me , but leave him alone , I plead desperately , trying every way possible to save the pup .
Im also stalling for time .
Ive seen the silhouette in the corridor behind him .
Hes so caught up in threatening me that he hasnt noticed Celine yet .
I think theres something else .
Give me what youre hiding , he says , and I tense , remembering the star relic .
Dont play tricks on me .
I was already walking this earth before you were even born ! Give me the damn relic from the Altar every Altar has one !
###Chapter 67
THANK YOU FOR FREEING ME VALERIA He screams at me , and its terrifying to see Edwards distorted features twisted into cruel , adult expressions .
I reach into my neckline and pull out the star , its sharp tips stained red with my blood .
He extends his small hand and steps closer .
I stretch mine too , trembling .
Something screams inside me that he must not have it , that Ive already revealed too much .
My mind races frantically , trying not to look behind him so dont give away Celine , who is slowly approaching .
I tighten my grip on the relic , the metal shimmering like moonlight .
Just before it falls into his grasp , he tenses and suddenly spins around to face the ambush from the Alpha .
Dark shadows project from the boys small body as he now battles Celine .
So , you managed to defeat my sentinel .
Youre quite a girl full of secrets … I wonder what Aldric Throne would say about this , he mocks I watch in horror as sharp claws grow from Edwards hands , his speed almost impossible to track with the naked eye , and a veil of darkness wraps around his skin .
What kind of dark spell is this ? Celine seems strange too .
I thought she would shift into a wolf , but instead , her eyes have turned blood red , bulging veins appearing around them , and she hisses with long , sharp fangs exposed in her mouth .
NOOO ! I scream in fear when Celines claws slash Edwards arm .
That damn vampire was fighting with the boys body without a shred of conscience , not caring about the massacre because it wasnt his flesh suffering .
I had to do something ! Celine wasnt winning , and I could feel the shadows around us twisting and shifting in the corners more danger closing in ! I looked at the sacred relic , soaked in my blood .
I dont know what madness I was thinking , but light had always driven out darkness .
I had learned to trust my instincts , to stop resisting my oddities .
Without thinking or overanalyzing , I ran toward the fight .
Celine , be ready ! I shouted in her mind while raising the star in my hand and driving my arm down to stab Edwards shoulder in a sneak attack .
I felt sorry for the pup , but it had to be done .
A blood curdling scream tore from his lips as the dark energy surrounding his body began to unravel .
I pulled him against my chest , clutching his small frame as Celine grabbed the shadowy figure of a man and wrenched it from him , like a macabré exorcism .
I hit the ground hard , my head slamming against the stone floor , hissing in pain , but nothing mattered more than THANK YOU FOR FREEING ME the stiff body in my arms .
Edward , hold on ! Stay with me , little one ! I lifted him and carried him to a corner , away from the danger .
Edward … My trembling hands brushed his pale face .
His breathing was barely there , and blood dripped from his lips .
The coldness radiating from his skin pierced my bones , sinking deep into my soul .
He was dying .
No , no , no….
stay with me , little one ! Please hold on ! I cut open my hand , trying to make him drink .
I wasnt an Alpha , not even a powerful she wolf .
I couldnt heal myself , let alone someone else .
But I did everything I could , desperation and pain consuming me .
Edward , please drink .
You have to make it .
Well play at the park later , okay ? Just hold on , Edward .
Dont give up … please … My tears fell onto his pale face , my blood dripping uselessly onto the dark stone floor .
Thank you … Miss Valeria thank … you … for freeing … me … he whispered his last words , and I saw innocent eyes untainted by that filthy evil for the last time .
A faint smile lingered on his lips as his heart stopped forever .
his A guttural sob tore from my chest , pain and rage consuming me as I cradled him close , calling his name , though I knew I had lost him right before my eyes .
I blamed myself for not realizing sooner that someone had been using this innocent child .
It was him it was that soulless vampire ! Still kneeling , clutching Edwards lifeless body , I turned to see the fight .
More of them had emerged through dark rifts in the walls .
There were five of them , surrounding Celine , striking and wounding her from all sides .
She wouldnt hold out ..
Then I saw him .
Emerging from one of those holes , reclaiming the dark energy that had inhabited Edwards body , controlling him like a puppet .
His malicious eyes locked with mine through the shadows , Now youve seen the consequences of playing games with me , Valeria .
Stay right where you are Ill be back for you shortly , his voice echoed cynically through the chaos .
Valeria , run ! Escape while I hold them off ! Find my brother ! Celines desperate screams echoed in my mind .
But I couldnt process anything .
My whole body trembled with rage , still kneeling , something deep inside me screaming to be released , the pain twisting into hatred and fury .
I watched him draw a strange sword , the blade coated in that same dark magic , and he advanced toward Celine , who was now in her massive brown Alpha wolf form , struggling against his men .
Celine , look out ! I roared , breaking free from my shock as I saw him raise the weapon in a cowardly strike , plunging it deep into her back .
2/3 THANK YOUTOR FREEING ME The agonized howl of the wolf echoed through the eerie basement .
1 already had a corpse in my arms .
I wouldnt let anyone else die because of me .
I couldnt allow myself to be captured I would rather die first .
The red haze covered my vision .
KILL .
KILL KILL A deafening roar erupted from my lips , shaking the walls and rattling the enemies souls .
It cried out to be freed and I no longer resisted what was inside me .
It wanted blood ..
And tonight , I would kill again .
###Chapter 68
THE CURE FOR MY DISEASE CELINE I thought my time had come to die I honestly never imagined it would end like this .
An agonizing pain tore through my wolfs back , forcing me to shift immediately into my hybrid form , with some vampire traits , hissing menacingly from a corner , surrounded by cruel enemies .
1 pressed my hand against the deep wound that pierced me from my back to my stomach , enduring as best I could , but I wouldnt survive if they attacked again .
Suddenly , a blood chilling roar echoed , reverberating through the ancient walls .
Just like me , everyone turned in unison to witness something unbelievable ..
Valeria was rising from her dark corner , the rigid body of that child lying lifeless on the ground as she advanced , step by step , hissing like a predatory beast about to strike .
S Sir ..
what is that ? Its just a mangy bitch trying to intimidate us ! Stop playing hero , or Ill kill this woman worse than I did the brat ! the vampire in charge shouted , but I could feel the fear thickening the air .
Aaaahhh ! The first of them screamed as Valeria emerged from the shadows , tearing his head clean off with sharp , black claws that had grown from her nails .
In an instant , pandemonium broke out inside the sanctuary of the Goddess .
I cowered against the wall , watching her with fear .
What exactly was this woman ? Her aura had completely changed it was oppressive , suffocating , making you tremble with pure terror .
Just looking into her crimson eyes , like two drops of blood , ethereal and filled with hatred and darkness , sent .
shivers down my spine .
Bulging black veins circled her eyes , trailing down her unnaturally pale skin to her neck .
Valeria moved like the shadows themselves , a dark mist cloaking her entire body like a black shroud , becoming her ally .
The screams of those vampires filled the chamber as blood splattered the walls and floor .
They had been impossible for me to defeat , yet she was slicing through them like butter , ripping out their hearts and crushing them in her fists .
She moved so fast that sometimes I couldnt even follow her with my eyes , and soon , almost no one was left standing .
My gaze shifted for a moment to the vampire in charge , who was hiding behind his men and now running toward the childs body .
What was he planning ? A flash of silver caught my eye as I saw him from across the room , pulling the relic from Edwards shoulder where it was still lodged .
He was trying to escape with it ! I straightened up to shout at Valeria , but I froze as she appeared behind him like a messenger of death .
He felt her presence too , spinning around quickly to attack with that dark energy blade he had summoned the THE CURE FOR MY DISEASE same one he had used to wound me … Valeria stopped it with her bare hand .
Her long black claws sparked against the vampires energy .
He tried to threaten her , shouting nervous insults as his arms shook with the effort , but Valeria seemed completely unaffected .
She just stared at him then , suddenly , her lips curled into a sinister sinlle , sharp fangs emerging from her gums .
The deadly blade began to dissolve between her fingers , vanishing as though its darkness was being absorbed by Valeria herself .
The vampires face , like mine , contorted with shock and disbelief .
It cant be … you … you cant be her … her daughter … he stammered , terror flooding his eyes .
Dont kill me ! Ill serve you ! Ill help you take the throne ! ll be your slave ! he screamed , shifting into a submissive stance , even starting to kneel .
But Valeria seized his throat at lightning speed , slamming him against the wall and strangling him .
The vampires feet kicked wildly , his hands clawing desperately at hers , trying to pry off the deadly grip sinking into his neck A high pitched , bone chilling shriek escaped Valerias lips making me shiver as every hair on my body stood on end .
From the shadows swirling around her back , two massive wings unfurled crow feathers as black as the void , each tipped with sharp , talon like barbs .
I curse you so the Goddess will never welcome you into her embrace .
May you wander as a lost soul through the wastelands of darkness , she declared , her voice unearthly , guttural , almost inhuman .
АААААННННН ! The massive wings beat once , scattering dark feathers into the air , and the sharp barbs lashed down again and again , piercing the vampires chest as his agonized screams echoed , his blood splattering across Valerias face and body.
I could feel the strength of that man he was overwhelmingly powerful , capable of rivaling my brother , an elite Lytan .
How was she making his death look so easy ? It was over in a minute .
Silence fell once more in the underground chamber , broken only by my ragged breathing and the pounding of my heart .
Valeria , I called softly as she stood there , seemingly confused .
She finally reacted , releasing the vampires broken corpse Her fury had been so intense that shed torn him apart .
She leaned down , taking the relic from his lifeless hand , then turned toward me .
I was scared I admit it .
Of this woman I had once thought of as a weak omega .
Her aura was suffocating , overwhelming , and I had only known one other who could paralyze you with such sheer THE CURE FOR MY DISEASE power Aldric , the Lycan King .
I remained trembling in the corner , head bowed , unable to theet her eyes , just hoping I wouldnt be next .
Suddenly , the relic was tossed at my feet , and a strong gust of wind swept through the chamber , forcing me to shut my eyes against the dark energy swirling violently agah .
A dull thud made me open them .
Valeria ! I screamed when I saw her collapsed on the floor .
I finally approached , fearing she was dead , but she was breathing slowly , yet alive .
However , that strange transformation was fading far too slowly .
Celine , hold on ! Both of you , resist ! Im almost there , but the King sensed Valeria was in danger and got ahead of me ! My brothers voice echoed in my mind , making me flinch in fear .
No , no , no .
The King cant see Valeria like this .
If he does , hell kill her on the spot .
I dont know what she is , but something in my blood screams that I have to save her that shes too important … and maybe even the cure for my affliction .
I glanced around in desperation and spotted a dark passage hadnt noticed before .
It could be another way out of this place .
Wasting no time , I clenched my teeth and lifted her .
My wound , still bleeding and healing far too slowly , would have to endure somehow .
Come on , Valeria .
Help me again .
Please , help me save you I nearly begged , clutching her as I draped her arm over my shoulders , holding her firmly around the waist .
I dragged her along , and as we passed the vampires remains , I spat on him in disgust .
The life of an innocent child had been lost because of his selfish plans .
I kept moving , silently praying to the Goddess in my heart .
I could already feel the Kings presence closing in , so summoning every ounce of strength I had left , I pulled Valeria through the dark corridor leading to the unknown .
The smell of dampness grew stronger , and a faint light appeared when I turned a corner in the tunnel .
It seemed to be a drainage outlet leading to a waterfall ..
Indeed , when I finally reached the end , sweating and breathless , I was faced with a point of no return a drop into the deep waters of a nearby waterfall .
What do I do ? If I jump , we could both fall to certain death Valeria was unconscious , and I was injured .
I looked at her pale face some of those dark veins still visible , though slowly fading back to normal .
A lycan roar echoed from the Altar room , making me glance back into the dark tunnel with dread .
I trembled , paralyzed by indecision .
The icy breeze and freezing water sprayed against our bodies , making our hair whip wildly at the edge of the abyss .
Aldric was closing in .
Suddenly , a raven cawed sharply in front of us , its wings flapping , wildly , suspended over the waterfall.
BE THE CURE FOR MY DISEASE It was the sign I needed to make my decision .
I hurled myself over the edge , clutching Valeria tightly in my arms as we plunged into the void .
The dark waters swallowed us whole , roaring in my cars .
The current pulled us relentlessly , but I refused to let go , clinging desperately to the hope of survival .
###Chapter 69
A SPY IN THE DARK THANE ( The sorcerer who accompanied Darius , the Vampire General ) I had never made such a precise decision in my life .
I never liked Darius extreme methods , but I could only follow his orders .
He was the one in charge , so I forced even more of his life force into that pups already weakened body , fully aware that he wouldnt survive such an aggressive invasion I heard the entire translation of the Altar from the lips of that strange woman because my magic acted as the mediator within the boys body .
When the fighting began , I stayed in the crypt to maintain the portal spell , the one through which General Dariuss men had entered to fight .
Everything went to shit in a heartbeat .
Even though I wasnt physically present , 1 still trembled in fear , watching everything through my shadow magic .
My mind was racing The General was dead , and no one had survived .
Who the hell was that woman ? I didnt know exactly , but I quickly understood one thing the Vampire King would be very interested in knowing what happened here .
And there was now a vacancy for General … one I could possibly fill I stood at the last passage , hidden in a comer they hadnt noticed .
Both women were weak , and the greatest threat was unconscious .
I could strike now .
But then I saw them beginning to flee .
The she wolf was carrying the other one , as if trying to protect her from something or someone .
Escaping from what ? Or from whom ? A deafening roar echoed from somewhere in the distance , making me shudder in fear .
I didnt hesitate another second That woman who had killed the General was important not just because of her powerful transformation but because she could read the Altars .
If the Lycan King found her , he would kill her .
I had to erase the evidence of what happened here .
If she survived , she could still be captured later .
Taking the risk , Lstepped through the portal into the basement and , within seconds , opened my small satchel , pulling out the enchanted flame beetles .
They devoured the bodies , reducing them to ashes as they self- destructed in the process .
I left the childs body untouched some small attempt to soothe my conscience .
Then , I ran back toward the shadow filled passage and threw myself into it , sealing it forever behind me .
Sweating and trembling with fear , I knew it if I had hesitated even a second longer , Aldric Thorne would have 1/3 A SPY IN THE DARK grabbed my legs and torn nie to pieces .
I must escape these damned lands .
Ive drained too much of my magic .
I need to reach His Majesty and deliver the good news … no matter what .
CELINE This was complete nadness , and I knew it all too well .
I had always been the one to analyze risks and benefits , yet I had acted purely on impulse .
The reckless , foolish decision was taking its toll I couldn surface .
I hadnt imagined the waters force would be so brutal .
Being wounded and clutching Valeria as if my life depended on it didnt help either in fact , it was slipping away .
My lungs burned .
The oxygen was running out , and for a moment , I even thought of letting her go she would drown with me anyway .
Bubbles of air burst from my mouth as my body struck a massive submerged rock .
The current was growing stronger , pulling us toward another drop , one that would truly be our grave .
Valerias black hair floated before my eyes in the few moments I managed to open them .
Darkness crept into my senses .
I stopped fighting .
And just when I thought I couldnt hold on any longer , a powerful body seized her and dragged me along too through the icy waters .
Cough , cough , cough .
I rolled onto the riverbank where I was thrown , struggling to pull air into my lungs , coughing up water violently .
My entire body was weak , aching , and wounded … but I was alive .
And right beside me , I saw him Aldric , in his human form , crouched over Valeria , who lay unconscious on the grass .
My blood ran cold .
I hadnt expected him to reach us so quickly .
For a brief second , I had hoped it would be my brother .
Had Valeria returned to normal ? I clutched my chest , trying to steady my breath , thinking of the consequences , believing that any moment now , he would rise in fury and rip her head off .
But that wasnt what happened .
Baby , please … wake up .
Valeria , come on , love … dont do this to me again .
Wake up , little one … His voice broke in a way I had never heard before .
I shifted slightly , watching him handle her so carefully , and I exhaled in relief as I noticed the changes she had returned to her normal form .
It was obvious to anyone that the King favored his maiden .
I could even smell it on her like theyd had sex .
But that wasnt the shocking part , A SPY IN THE DARK What caught me off guard was watching Aldric clutching her desperately , pressing her to his chest , slicing open .
his palm to feed her , whispering words of love as he begged her to return .
Wait , Your Majesty ! Your blood is toxic for her ! I blurted out , realizing the danger too late .
No.
Valeria can drink it .
Dont tell anyone , he replied coldly , not breaking his gaze from her as he continued feeding her .
The Kings maiden began to stir , swallowing the powerful lycan blood he offered .
At this point , nothing about Valeria shocked me anymore .
How much did the King really know about his lovers … peculiarities ? I watched them from the corner of my eye , tearing down some vines to cover my nakedness while Aldric leaned closer , kissing her forehead and whispering something against her ear .
The cold , cruel Lycan King had clearly fallen under the spell of this dark , powerful woman .
Now that I reflect on everything that happened , a growing sense of dread grips me .
I immediately mind link my brother , scanning my surroundings .
A sudden gust of wind made me tense , barely giving me time to react before I was pinned by the neck against a tree .
S Sire … My entire body trembled in fear , and the suffocating pressure returned to my throat .
70 SUSPECTS +
###Chapter 70
SUSPECTS ALDRIC I stare into the panicked eyes of this Alpha Ive never particularly liked her , but her brother is a valuable member of the Guardians , and now , who can read those Altars .
the only one Why were you carrying Valeria as if you were running away ? I know you heard my lycans roar why the hell didnt you wait for me and instead put her in danger again ? I tighten my grip around her throat , anger boiling inside me as the memory flashes back seeing them being dragged by the current when I reached the drainage outlet .
I hadnt even thought before jumping in after my mate .
S Sir … I I was injured from the fight … I was scared more of those dark holes in the walls would open again … that more enemies would come and kill us before you arrived ….
acted on impulse … I panicked and jumped without thinking … Her voice stammers , and I lean in closer , watching her trembling , erratic eyes .
When I arrived , I clearly saw the shadow of a man escaping through that same wall opening she mentioned .
So , her words made e some sense .
She reeks of dark energy , my wolf growls under his breath .
With him fully awake , my senses sharpen things I couldnt smell before are painfully obvious now .
Lowering my gaze , I examine the ugly wound across her stomach , tainted with dark magic .
It looks like it was inflicted by an enchanted weapon , which would also explain the strange scent .
What happened to the bodies ? How did you discover the Altar and involve Valeria ? What were you doing there with her in the first place ? She remains silent for a few seconds , and the longer she hesitates , the more convinced I am that shes hiding something Answer me right now , Celine ! Dont make me command you ! The bodies … I … The boy was bewitched .
He tricked your maiden .
I- Enough .
Aldric … The soft , weak voice of Valeria suddenly draws my full attention .
I turn instantly , releasing Celine , and rush to Valerias side as she struggles to sit up from the ground .
Easy , baby .
Easy Dont strain yourself .
Does it hurt anywhere ? Nift her gently , pressing her cold , fragile body against my bare chest .
She feels so delicate in my arms it makes my heart clench .
She helped me … leave her alone … she did nothing wrong .
It was those damned vampires ….
they used the pup … they bewitched him … and he died … 70 SUSPECTS Her broken voice cracks as her teary blue eyes lower .
Its okay , baby … Shh , dont think about it .
Dont remember that awful moment .
Please , Valeria … dont cry , little one , dont cry … Shes sobbing quietly now , her tears soaking my skin as she clings to me .
I know she had grown attached to that pup he seems to be the key to all of this .
His was the only body left untouched A sudden growl makes me look toward the forest , just as Quinn appears in his lycan form .
His fur is dark brown , much smaller than my beast but still powerful .
He shifts back , moving toward his sister , who is still slumped against the tree .
Celine ! Are you okay ?! He inspects her , and she nods weakly.
Your Majesty , is Miss Valeria alright ? Shes fine .
And put some damn clothes on , Quinn ! One of us walking around with our dick out is enough ! I growl, pressing Valerias head further into my chest and tuming my back to him .
Thear him fumbling through the bushes for clothes while 1 kiss Valerias damp hair .
Shes still shivering .
I need to get her out of here quickly before she gets sick .
Quinn , Im taking Valeria back .
Heal Celine and let her rest .
I need you to inspect the basement thoroughly .
I dont understand why there were two Altars down there … and those portals Ive never seen anything like them .
Something isnt right .
My mind races with countless questions and rising fury that such a direct attack happened right under nose .
my The Vampire King and I have a fragile peace pact , hanging by a thread .
If hes behind this , another war will begin .
The body of … Edward … Valeria suddenly whispers , grasping my hand .
Ill bring the boy back , Miss Valeria .
Dont worry , Quinn replies , playing the good soldier .
If I had reached the Altar before the enemy , my mate would never have faced such danger .
I grunt and leave , carrying my woman stark naked through the woods .
Ill cover myself later right now , I need to keep her safe .
Thank you for saving Valeria , Celine .
I owe you .
You may make any request , and I will grant it .
But you will also give me a full report of what happened and why you were conveniently at that location .
For your sake , I hope your story holds up .
I warn her through the mind link .
Shes strong but strong enough to take down multiple vampires ? Did she panic so much that she simply threw herself into the waterfall ? The bodies had been reduced to ashes scattered across the floor .
Someone went through a lot of trouble to erase the evidence … but why ? And for what purpose ? QUINN ΓΕ 70 SUSPECTS Celine , damn it , stop acting tough drink my blood , now , I hold her close , almost limp in my arms as she hovers on the verge of collapse .
Shes trembling .
I cant tell if its from pain due to that nasty wound or from fear of Aldric .
What do you mean the bodies disappeared ? Why does the Kings aura feel stronger ? She clings to me tighter , finally drinking , regaining some color as the wound begins to heal .
I had already told her about the vanished bodies through our private sibling bond .
I explain what I saw in the basement during my rushed inspection while running through the chaos .
And it seems like His Majestys wolf has fully awakened .
Thats why his power feels even more overwhelming now … if thats even possible .
I frown , helping her back onto her feet .
Of course , he came back and challenged me , making it crystal clear to my inner wolf that Valeria belongs to him .
As if the scent of wild sex and the evidence deliberately left at that Altar werent already a brutal slap to my face .
He marked her too it seems temporary , but Valerias body still emits a raw warning to any male who dares approach her .
I think the enemy erased the bodies to cover up the real killer .
Aldric would immediately know I wasnt the one who killed them ….
He might suspect Valeria .
Someone survived and knows her secret her importance .
Damn it ! he suddenly growls , his eyes flickering with anxiety .
I have a lot to tell you .
I know what the Altar says and the mystery behind the Kings maiden .
Quinn , we need to protect her .
Shes different … she might even help me with may problem .
His Majesty is in love with Valeria but how long will this obsession last ? And what if he finds out the truth ? Shes in danger at his side … Wait , wait , Celine ! I dont understand slow down ! Oh no ! she suddenly exclaims , clutching her mouth in horror .
I put the silver relic inside the pockets of Valerias dress !
###Chapter 71
---- VALERIA Iclose the bathroom door and hear Aldric sighing in frustration outside.
Eventually, he leaves and lets me be alone.
He entered the room on the second floor, climbing through the window from the forest in his lycan form.
Thear him searching for clothes and changing.
The door to the room opens and closes.
He's going to settle matters with the Alpha's family, who will no longer be the Alpha of this pack.
Tbegin removing my wet clothes, processing everything that happened.
I swallow the knot in my throat at the thought of Edward and close my eyes in pain, holding his memory deep in my chest.
My hands reach into the inner pocket of my dress, and this is the main reason I pushed Aldric away.
I felt the power of the relic the moment I opened my eyes again and hid it from him.
I didn't remember things clearly enough to explain if he asked.
My mind is full of blanks, just like every time I woke up from those strange episodes, but now there was a witnessCeline.
Fear gripped me.
Fear of what I was becoming, fear of knowing the truth.
Would that Alpha now blackmail me? Would she be my enemy or my ally? I got my answer soon enough.
When I stepped out of the bathroom, now in dry clothes, I found her slipping through the window as well, completely naked.
She had shifted back from her she-wolf form.
Celine...
valeria, Im so glad you're okay, she said, breathing with relief as she lingered on the window ledge.
T dont have much time.
I don't want His Highness to sense me here.
The relic...
do you still have it? [hid it...
---- know where you hid it.
Here.
I took it from the pocket of my new dress and placed it in her hand.
Thank the Goddess.
If haven't died of a heart attack today, I don't think I ever will, she said, exhaling heavily.
valeria, we need to talk later.
You can't tell the King the truth, even if he interrogates you.
The bodies disappearedthere's no evidence you did it.
I'll die claiming it was me.
[ dont remember anything from that moment, I interrupted her, not even surprised anymore to know I had killed again without even being conscious.
T see...
Its better that way.
If he asks, youll say you reached the basement because the boy tricked you.
I was nearby, and when you called out that youd found an altar, I came closer.
You fainted from fear of the enemies, and you don't remember much.
Play dumb, everything will be fine.
I'll handle the rest, she added seriously, and I nodded.
She started to leave, but I grabbed her arm firmly.
Celine...
thank you.
Thank you for everything, I said sincerely, never expecting to owe my life to this tough woman.
Dont thank me yet.
Im not doing this as selflessly as you think, she replied, her eyes complicated.
[ dont care what you want in return, as long as you dont force me into any evil or betrayal.
Pllhelp you, I replied, and so began my friendship with Alpha Celine, a woman hard on the outside and soft within.
read Tlean down and place some flowers on the freshly turned earth on this beautiful, sunlit hill.
It cradles the small body of a child who, since birth, was marked by illness and the contempt of everyone around him.
No matter what, this world is mercilessly cruel to the weak.
Ahand gently wraps around my waist, and I lean back against a broad, strong chest.
Aldric has become my pillar and has given me the revenge I sought.
He punished all three of them with cruelty, and in the end, he had them torn apartlimb by limbby the beasts.
Itwas a horrific, bloody spectacle filled with screams and pleas for mercy, right in the center of the pack for everyone to witness.
Yet, I felt no pity.
###Chapter 72
---- Iearned the whole truth from that woman lips before her execution, while she was imprisoned in the old pack silo.
?Edward was already very weak.
Since birth, we knew he wouldn't last long.
Do you know what I felt when I fell asleep waiting for his death that night, only to open my eyes and see him standing before me, giving me that sinister look? Standingwhen my boy couldn't even walk! I fainted from the shock, and the next day, it was as if nothing had happened.
Edward was still alive, just the same.
The healer said the Goddess had given him another chance.
I told his father, but he brushed it off, saying I was paranoid and shouldnt speak nonsense about dark magic.
The King was arriving soon and would have our heads if he suspected any ties to the Dark Realm.
Iwas consumed by panic.
Iwatched him constantly.
Most of the time, he seemed like my sonbut other times, I knew full well it was that thing controlling him.
His brother believed me.
He spied on him too.
We didnt understand what he was planning until one night, when the Alpha was away from the mansion, we saw Edward head toward the mountainsto the Goddess's Altarand do something strange there.
Despite our fears, we decided to handle the matter ourselves and try to eliminate that abomination when it wasnt possessing him anymore.
That was no longer my son! But the King arrived, interrupting our plans, and you were always meddling! Because of you, now we all have to die! Do you know what it meant to fail as a Luna? To fail to give birth to a perfect pup for the Alpha? ? I spat in that woman's face and slapped her.
---- With morbid pleasure, I watched her die.
I think she even felt relieved to have an excuse for trying to kill what she considered her disgrace as a Luna, when in reality, she was a disgrace as a mother.
No matter if it was Aldric or anyone elseI would never leave my pup unprotected if he were in danger.
That family of three was the lowest scum, and to cover up their defect, they let the enemy infiltrate the pack, putting us all at risk.
After choosing the new Alpha, we returned to the castle.
Quinn had already deciphered the writings on the true Altar and discovered the relic it concealed.
We hadnt yet spoken among ourselves, but that opportunity would come.
Coincidentally, the next Altar of the Goddess was located in Golden Moon territory.
###Chapter 73
---- VALERIA Imust admit that when I saw the ancient castle towers on the misty hill, [let outa sigh of relief.
I peeked through the carriage curtain at the powerful lycan riding beside me, admired everywhere we passed.
Many things had happened during this journey.
Discreetly, I touched the mark on my nape, hidden by the dress's collar.
His powerful canines were imprinted on my skin, claiming meas his, even if only temporarily.
Now, how was I supposed to behave around His Majesty? So many thoughts crowded my mindlies and fears.
I decided to act the same as always, like the maid with the privilege of sharing his bed whenever my inner butterfly craved a delicious mistreatment.
What are you doing? Why are you going back to your room? He grabbed my hand, stopping meas I signaled the servant to take my small luggage to my quarters.
Your Majesty, its only logical that...
phe logical thing is for you to sleep in my bed.
I'll speak with Sasha so she knows things have changed and that you'll be in charge of giving her orders regarding the castles management...
Wait, wait, Your Majesty...
gay my name, Valeria, he said, stepping closer, as usual trying to overwhelm me with his massive and sexy body.
Isubtly glanced around.
We were right in the entrance hall, having this conversation while he did whatever the hell he wanted, as always.
Sir...
Aldric, I corrected myself when his brow raised in irritation.
For now, I'll stay in my room and continue serving you as your maid.
Another servant wont be necessary.
Truthfully, the thought of another woman touching his things made my blood boil with rage.
gine.
I don't want any other maid invading our space, but you don't need to handle the hard tasks.
You can order them to wash, iron, or do anything else you dont want.
I'll speak with ---- Sasha No.
Linstinctively raised my hands and covered his mouth.
His wolf-grey eyes watched me closely, questioning.
I didnt want him to make a scene.
Everyone already looked at me strangely enough, and the servants fled like I was the plague.
Probably because of the aggressive scent of his mark.
Aldric, lets leave things as they are for now, okay? Maybe later you won t like all these sudden changes and feel uncomfortable.
Maybe you'll regret marking me...
get bored of me...
and I'll be left as the fool who acted like the lady of the castle.
valeria, [already told you we need to talk.
I know you're feeling insecure, but things won't change.
You and I Valeria, is that you?! Suddenly, I heard Dave's cheerful voice from down the hallway, and Aldric growled low, irritated by the interruption.
Dave, the "maid," truly had a gift for being inconvenient.
I still dont know how hes survived in this castle for so long.
Wow, what a smell...
ike a skunk in heat! $-Sir! He practically skidded to a stop when he saw Aldric, almost wetting his pants.
He suspected it was me, but he failed to recognize the real threat standing therethis lycan had his senses up his ass.
What did you just say about my warning pheromones? His Majesty took a menacing step toward him, and Dave shook his head frantically as if his neck was spring-loaded, retreating several steps.
No, no, no! I didnt mean Valerias scent, sir! meant the castle, yes...
the castle...
He nervously wiped his fingers along the wall, clearly flustered.
You should clean the place better.
Maids these days only think about climbing into their bosses beds...
I could have been offended, but I knew he didnt mean it maliciously or even because of me.
He was just stumbling over his own awkwardness.
Oh, Goddess, I should cut my tongue out.
Why dont I cut it for you? Aldric lunged at him, and Dave had to run off the way he came.
###Chapter 74
---- Bye, Valeria! See you later! he shouted from the hallway, and I couldn't help but laugh, covering my mouth with my hand.
Stop harassing my woman, you brat! You wont be seeing anyone later! Aldric roared, making me melt with that: my woman.
Having Dave around felt like living with an overgrown teenager.
But he brought a bit of joy to these cold walls, and even Aldric forgave his antics.
I didnt know what he wanted from me, but later, after settling in and airing out my small room, I saw him again.
seb Thad been organizing my room when I found, well hidden in the closet, one of the shirts Quinn had given me to mend.
Holding it in my hands now, I realized how naive I had been to accept something so risky.
But I was a free womanI didnt owe explanations to anyone.
So, I made several stitching adjustments for him.
Thad to return it somehow.
I didn't want Aldric to get the wrong idea.
Then again, that lycan king was a professional stalker...
better to take it to Celines room.
Knock, knock, knock.
Someone knocked on my door, and when I opened it, I found Juliette coming to greet me.
She was carrying a large basket of clean laundry, giving me the perfect excuse to slip the shirt inside.
Girl, [knew you'd make it big! she squealed, walking beside me down the hallway.
Remember us poor mortals when you become Queen! Dont be ridiculous, Juliette.
His Majesty and I...
well, its complicated, I replied, a bit embarrassed.
Privacy in this damn world of beasts was impossible.
Not even being a secret lover could stay secret.
Complicated? Whats complicated will be the baby bump youll have in a few months! Tell me, tell me, is His Majesty really that good in bed like they say? Juliette! Hahaha! You should see your face all red! It must be true hes a stallion! How many inches, huh? Spill the tea! ---- She was being impossible, teasing me, but around her, I always felt relaxed.
Valeria! Daves voice echoed behind us, and I turned around immediately.
What the hell was that clumsy lycan up to now? Dont worry.
His Majesty is in a meeting with Quinn, Beof, and Erik, he mentioned the other lycans, and I didnt know why he thought I'd be worried.
Honestly, he should be the worried one.
Okay...
Ijust wanted to ask because I heard youre good at embroidery, and then I sawhey! This is the same stitching I noticed before! Quinn was so selfish he didnt tell me which maid did it! I tensed when he pulled the very shirt I had folded into Juliette's laundry basket, the one belonging to Guardian Quinn.
Did you do this, or can you tell me which maid did? I had to fire the last oneshe was stealing from me! At least I only kicked her out.
If it were Aldrics maid, she wouldve lost her head.
...
well...
uh...
Shit.
I froze for a moment, struggling for words.
Ididnt want to admit I had done it myselfthis was already way too coincidental.
I glanced nervously at Juliette, but she was looking down, strangely silent and blushing.
T did it, came a barely audible whisper.
If [hadnt been standing right next to her, Iwouldnt have heard it.
###Chapter 75
---- VALERIA Really?! How lucky! Dave grabbed her shoulders, leaning in cheerfully.
Do it for me.
I love personalized things! No, wait, even betteryoull be my maid from now on! What? Juliette raised her eyes for a second to look at him, and I saw something in her expression I had never noticed before.
She always teased the other lycans, but now that I thought about it, she had never said anything about Dave.
So this was her weakness, I thought maliciously, already plotting how to pay her back for all her teasing.
Pll be waiting for you in my room then, maid...
Whats your name? Ju...
Juliette, sir...
Good, July.
Youre mine from today, he nodded, deciding for himselftypical lycan behavior.
But 1...
Hey, Valeria! We're going on a run through the woods this afternoon.
Meet us by the lake, we're one person short.
I think His Majesty will be there tooyou have to be on my team! He added before dashing down the hallway like the hurricane of energy he always was.
So...
Guardian Dave, huh? [fyou say one more word, ll spill the truth about the shirt...
Your Highness, the Queen...
she threatened, speaking fast before practically running off down the opposite end of the hallway.
Watch out for complications! I called after her, laughing, though honestly couldnt imagine those two as a couple.
Then I remembered how promiscuous Dave was and worried about Juliettes poor heart.
Well, look whos suddenly worried about someone elses heartbreakthe mistress of Lord Orgies himself.
eK ['m sorry, Lady Valeria.
You are not permitted to enter the servants quarters or perform heavy domestic tasks.
That afternoon, bored out of my mind, I decided to help with some laundry, but the ---- housekeeper stopped me, unyielding But...
Housekeeper, I...
Pm sorry, maam.
His Majesty gave explicit orders.
You must discuss it with him, she replied with her usual stern but respectful tone, even addressing meas Lady.
Truthfully, I felt a bit embarrassed, especially with the other maids watching from behind her, their faces filled with all kinds of expressions.
Astonishment, surprise, mockerybut mostly, envy.
Fine, ll speak with His Highness, I replied, turning to leave.
Icarried a storm of emotions in my chest.
Of course, I loved being treated so specially, feeling on top of the world, so cherished by the man I desired.
And yet, that was exactly the problem.
Iwas terrified of falling from those heights and hurting myself worse than Id already been hurt.
Sighing and grumbling, unaccustomed to having so much free time, I decided to walk around the castle grounds.
The magnificent lake was stunning and ethereal at sunset.
Istrolled along the shore, letting the cool waters kiss my bare feet, when Iheard a commotion in the distance and spotted a gathering near a clearing between the forest and the lake.
It was all the guardians, talking animatedly, clearly planning something.
To my surprise, Juliette was there too, sitting timidly on a fallen tree trunk.
Even Aldric was among them, though it seemed like he was preparing to leave.
Dave spotted me first, waving enthusiastically.
His Majesty turned as well, fixing me with that possessive gaze that made every cell in my body tremble.
There he stood, against the dimming sunlight, dressed in his usual dark attireimposing, fierce, yet the most protective presence of all.
See, sir? I told you Valeria would come to play, Theard Dave's voice.
Apparently, they were trying to convince Aldric to join this...
whatever it was, and of course, they were using meas bait.
Eine.
Then I guess Ill stay a bit longer, Aldric replied, never taking his eyes off me.
T approached the group of towering men a bit shyly.
Istill wasnt used to this overwhelming amount of testosterone.
---- Celine stood nearby, with Quinn close to her.
I propose the two females pick their team members and act as captains, Erik, the handsome, laid-back lycan with long black hair, suggested.
No, I think we should be together.
That way, Ican support her.
Valeria doesnt know how to run the course, Celine suddenly said.
Why would you need to support her? Valeria will be on my team.
Shes going with me, Aldric declared with absolute confidence.
Ihad no idea what made him so sure.
Talso had no clue what this game was about, but suddenly it seemed pretty interesting.
Some sort of competition between two teams.
Somehow, I ended up as the captain of one team...
and Dave the other.
Each of us had to pick our players.
And some, like a certain king, were way too sure about which side they'd be on.
###Chapter 76
---- VALERIA I choose my maid.
I brought her, and ll take care of her.
July, come stand by my side.
Dave started, and I had to stifle a laugh at Juliettes sudden turtle act, when she was usually worse than a chatty parrot.
I choose Celine.
I didnt hesitate to pick her.
She knew my secrets, and I had no idea if this game would end with one of my...
episodes.
Alow growl suddenly rumbled, making everyone tensebut I didnt even bother looking at the culprit.
Since he did whatever he pleased, I could do the same.
Pll take Erik, Dave continued picking lycans like they were vegetables.
Beof...
The towering brute moved to my side, and the tension in the air could have been cut with a knife.
Only Aldric and Guardian Quinn remained.
Well, Ichoose Let Valeria choose, His Majesty cut Dave off completely, his voice heavy with rage, his oppressive aura barely contained.
Tell us, Valeria, who will you choose? He asked, and lifted my blue eyes to meet his stormy, frozen gray stare, drilling into me with a deadly intensity.
A defiant spark flared in my chest.
At first, Ihad just been teasing him a little, but now I wanted to push him to the edge.
That delicious tingling in my stomach swelled.
I think my flirty butterfly was ready to strike and me? I wanted to be punished today.
I choose Guardian Quinn, I said, and a collective gasp echoed through the group.
I think everyone expected Aldric to lose his mind with rage the next second, but instead, he just smirked.
And it would have been sexy if it werent for his massive canines showing, turning it into a sinister, threatening grin.
Have it your way, baby.
You made your choice.
He stormed over to Daves side, not sparing me another glance.
Quinn stepped closer to our team, now officially the sworn enemies of the Lycan King ---- valeria, youre my hero, Dave whispered beside me.
Davel Less talking, more planning! The bosss roar snapped us into action.
The game was pretty simple, just something fun to pass the time.
We were the attackers, and they were the defenders.
We had to race through the forest filled with obstacles and ambushes, find their fort, and replace their flag with ours.
The opposing team advanced, disappearing into the mist.
I kept watching Aldrics back, hoping he'd at least throw me a scornful glance.
But nohe was almost out of sight, and nothing.
Arent you even going to say goodbye? I taunted him mentally.
I see you're enjoying yourself, but dont worry.
The one who laughs last, laughs best.
His threat echoed back, childish yet sharp, as he disappeared to guard his fort.
Suddenly, I remembered the last punishment I nearly received on the Goddesss Altar, anda chill ran through me.
My ass clenched nervouslybut nah, he couldnt be that petty...
right? Valeria, I suggest you shift into your wolf form.
You'll be faster that way, Celine advised, and Inodded.
We hid behind some trees, stashing our clothes for safekeeping, and my small Omega wolf emerged.
Celine gave mea strange look.
I guess she was wondering how I could shift into so many different forms.
Well, she was pretty weird herself.
Beof went ahead to scout the best path and track the enemy.
Be cautiousthe mist in the forest masks scents well.
Trust all your instincts, Quinn warned, and a deep howl echoed from within the foggy woods.
The hunt at dusk had begun.
See My wolf's paws raced freely over the grass of this ancient forest, which once felt so dangerous and suffocating from afar, but now called me to play and explore.
Ihadnt forgotten that somewhere in these endless woods was the Goddess's Altar.
But right now, all Icared about was winning.
Watch out, Valeria! Quinns voice rang through my mind, and I tensed, narrowly dodging a sudden attack from someone ambushing me from a tree branch above.
---- It was Erik, aiming to snatch the red flag from my jaws.
He lunged at me, but a massive brown lycan tackled him, slamming him against a tree trunk that groaned, nearly snapping under the impact.
Run, run! Pll hold him off! Quinn ordered, and Celine helped me up so we could sprint again, leaping over roots, dodging bushes, and ducking low branches.
Veer right! Right! There are bogs hidden by the mist ahead! Beofs deep voice thundered through our minds, and Celine and I shifted direction blindly.
Celine, do you smell anything? How will we know where their fort is? I asked, relying solely on her guidance.
###Chapter 77
---- VALERIA Tts at these coordinates...
she told me the location, which seemed to be an old structure in the middle of nowhere.
No matter how much we're forced to veer off, just run there! We'll cover you! So, almost blindly, we charged deeper into what looked like a creepy, ancient cemetery.
The massive she-wolf Alpha beside me suddenly shoved me with her snout, catching me off guard and making me roll over the grass.
Inever let go of the flag and quickly got back on my feet, just in time to see her growling threateningly at another smaller she-wolfstill stronger than my petite Omega.
I felt a presence lurking in the dark mist and jumped to Celines side just in time, nearly caught by Dave, who had been hiding behind a crypt behind me.
Valeria, Ill hold them off! Run! she ordered, and I did, but it wasnt going to be that easy this time.
You really think we'll let you get away?! Dave growled and shifted into his human form, lunging at Celine.
Despite his playful nature and sometimes goofy attitude, Dave was still a lycanand not just any lycan.
He was a Guardian, an elite member of our kind.
Celine! I wanted to help her when I saw her cornered by Dave, even without him shifting into his beast.
But before I could, a shadow leapt at me, nearly ripping the flag from my jaws.
Juliettes wolf latched onto one end of the flagpole, her fangs bared threateningly.
She yanked with force while I barely managed to hold my ground.
She was nearly twice the size of my small Omega, but I dug my claws into the dirt, and there among the abandoned gravestones, we fought in a tense tug-of-war for the prize.
If she tore the flag from me and carried it back to their fort, we'd loseand losing meant punishment.
This was war.
No one here was a friend.
Isoon found myself cornered against a gravestone, panting hard, my jaws aching from clenching my teeth so tightly.
Pm sorry, Valeria.
Juliettes voice echoed in my mind, and I knew she was about to give her Icouldnt beat her with brute forcebut I had other ways.
I suddenly wished for a crow to ---- attack Dave's face.
Abh! Damn bird! Get off! Get off! Dave's sudden roar distracted Juliette, making her glance in his direction.
At the same time, it gave Celine the perfect chance to break free from his hold.
The lycan was now flailing as two crows tangled themselves in his hair, making him look like a walking birds nest.
lyanked the flagpole hard, feeling the splinters scrape Juliettes wolfs gums, making her whimper in pain.
Juliette, focus! Dont get distracted! Dave yelled, but it was already too late.
I started running again, heading toward the thickest part of the fog.
If I could reach it, they wouldnt be able to track me.
But a roar from behind made my blood freeze.
Dave had shifted into his lycan form, and he was fasttoo fast.
Hed catch me in seconds.
valeria, dont stop! Keep running! Easier said than done.
I could almost feel his breath on my neck.
###Chapter 78
---- I prepared to summon more crows, to repeat the same trickbut I didnt have time.
Ifelt his massive hand grab my wolfs hind leg, yanking me off balance and tossing me into a pile of dried leaves.
The impact wasnt too hard, but the strain on my leg hurt like hell.
Worse yet, through the faint sunlight filtering into the graveyard, I saw the enormous lycan closing in, ready to steal the prize from my jaws.
Dizzy, I shook my head, trying to get up.
It really seemed like we had lost.
But suddenly, less than a meter from me, Dave squared his shoulders, taking a defensive stance as a massive figure emerged from the fog, roaring with rage.
Pick on someone your own size! Beof growled at Davebut honestly, he wasnt his size either.
Damn it, I'd even say he was bigger than Aldrics lycan form.
Towering nearly three meters tall, with massive muscles, and most fascinating of allpure white fur.
That was rare among lycans.
But deep scars ran across the pale fur, making them even more noticeable.
They started fighting, but I wasnt going to stick around to see how it ended.
Juliette, who had been closing in, hesitated when she saw Dave locked in battle.
I got up and started running again, feeling the cold forest breeze brush against my dark fur.
---- Iglanced to the side, seeing her trying to catch up.
But if my Omega body had one advantage, it was speed.
Soon, had disappeared into the forest, confident she wouldnt catch me.
Win, Valeria! We're counting on you! Celines voice encouraged me in my mind, followed by a pained how! behind me.
It seemed she had intercepted Julietteno one was chasing me anymore.
But the worst enemy was already ahead of me.
The sentinel guarding the fort.
###Chapter 79
---- VALERIA Waiting for me right in front of the open clearing of some old stone ruins, with a blue flag fluttering at the top.
So, the team captain managed to make it to the end, he said mockingly, standing up casually from the stone he had been sitting on.
The faint rays of sunlight illuminated his irises, alternating between reddish and gray tones.
His wolf was close to the surface, baring its canines, snarling at me.
I didnt need a wolf spirit to see it.
I moved forward slowly.
This was an enemy I would never defeat by brute force, so [had to use the best strategy.
For now, I growled threateningly, testing if there was any chance I could slip past him between his legs.
Keep growling, kitten.
You have no idea how hot it makes me to see you acting tough, he said, his voice husky and challenging as he adopted a combat stance, legs bent and arms ready for me.
Come on, Captain, lets finish this.
The valuable members of your team sacrificed themselves to get you here! he spat, dripping venom into the words valuable members, filled with hatred and obvious jealousy.
I decided I'd rather burn than surrender, so I ran ina zigzag, distracting his attention from side to side.
Out of the corner of my eye, I caught sight of a small hole at the base of the tall ruined wall, and I dashed toward it.
The hole was close.
For a second, I dreamed I could reach it and slip through, but it was just an illusion.
Ibarely felt the gust of air before powerful arms caught me, and Aldric held my little wolf tightly against his chest.
As Istruggled, the precious flag finally fell to the ground.
It didnt matter.
I would never win if he didnt want me to, so I decided to implement Plan Seduction.
I whimpered pitifully, as if he were hurting me, and sure enough, his grip loosened slightly, relaxing the iron grip that pinned me to his body.
Dont pretend, traitorous wolf.
You know damn well I wouldnt hurt you, he said, stroking ---- the black fur on my back.
lifted my head and gave him my most coquettish, helpless look, my blue wolf eyes meeting his intense gaze.
Ifyou had chosen me, you would have won.
Why didnt you include me on your team? he asked, almost childishly, and truthfully, Iwanted to laugh in his face.
Loved every facet of this fierce man, who showed me every day that he had a soft spot in his heart too.
I softly licked his cheek and rested my fluffy head on his shoulder like a spoiled little girl.
Come on, dont be mean.
Let me win, I finally whispered.
His hands still held my Omega form completely as he buried his nose in the midnight fur of my neck, tickling me and inhaling deeply.
###Chapter 80
---- Bribe me, and maybe the sentinel will have an accident that lets you win, he said so brazenly, without a shred of shame.
Ismiled inwardly like a wolf about to devour a delicious preyor rather, about to be thoroughly devoured tonight.
Tonight...
tonight I can come to His Majesty's room and bribe him with my hands, my mouth, or...
or my pussy...
[licked his neck seductively, anything to win.
I felt him shudder and let out a low growl, his fingers sinking deeper into my fur.
Whew, it was getting a bit warm.
He didnt say anything but began to move, kicking something on the ground and letting go of me for a second to catch the flag in midair.
Iclung to his shirt with my claws to keep from rolling off, but he immediately steadied me again.
He moved toward the ruins, climbing up a half-collapsed, dangerous staircase to the top of the tower.
The wind ruffled my fur, and I stood slightly to take in the view from abovethe mist like clouds over the treetops.
My sight couldnt reach the end of the forest.
All of this belonged to Golden Moon.
Night would fall soon.
Maybe staying here too late was a bit dangerous.
Aldric raised his hand and tore down the blue flag, replacing it with the red one.
We had wonor rather, he had let me win in exchange for sacrificing myself in his bed tonight.
---- Pet your rebellion slide for now because I know you did it to piss me off.
But in real life, Valeria, Im the only one who can be on your team.
Just you and me.
Forever, he suddenly whispered, catching me off guard.
Iraised my wolfs head and looked deep into his eyes, his red hair waving in the wind, half tied back.
His hand tenderly stroked my ear.
My heart felt like it might burst out of my chest, and I could hear the strong thundering of his own.
Him and me...
forever.
###Chapter 81
---- Iwas processing his words when he gave me a warm kiss on my snout.
Come on, the others are already on their way.
P'll hand the victory flag to Quinn so he can console himself with itmaybe even pathetically jerk off to it while I fuck his captain, he added under his breath, and I rolled my eyes.
What a brute and jealous man.
By the way, babe, we love your little wolf.
Next time, Ill shift into Azarot, and we'll go on a private hunt, my beautiful little Omega.
He stroked my body as he spoke in a low voice, and I leaned against his chest, feeling happy about winning and being pampered.
I thought everything would keep going according to my plan, but that wasnt the case.
That petty King had decided to take revenge later.
eK We returned to the castle with Dave throwing a tantrum over losing, and me still in Aldrics arms, as he refused to release my wolf form.
But I finally broke free of his grasp and escaped to my room to take a thorough bath and put ona simple dress.
However, I glanced at the bodysuit in my hand, feeling daring.
In the end, I left for the kitchen, leaving the lingerie in the bathroom.
It was a bit uncomfortable, but I couldnt wait to see the face of that perverted wolf.
Iwalked to the kitchen as I did every day to prepare His Majestys dinner tray.
When I entered the large space filled with maids, each busy with their tasks, the whispering stopped abruptly.
They focused on their work, nervous, as if Iwere the housekeeper coming to inspect them.
limagined that gossip had already spread through the castle halls.
I said nothing, quietly going about my business, and soon they resumed whispering.
Hey, why do you think the housekeeper gathered us all earlier? ?dont know.
It was so weird.
Do you think its for a surprise inspection?...
They were uneasy, talking about it, but I paid them no further attention.
---- Strangely, the cheese His Majesty liked wasnt in stock, so I walked down the hallway to the spacious pantry where Aldrics private supplies were kept.
I ventured into the sturdy stone shelves, anchored from floor to ceiling, searching among the large wheels of cheese at the back to cut a piece.
Hams and sausages hung everywhere, filling the air with a smoky fragrance.
Iwas calmly setting up the plate and uncovering the cloth when I tensed, feeling a presence behind me.
Ahand clamped over my mouth, and another grabbed my waist, dragging me into a dark corner at the back of the pantry, behind a shelf.
###Chapter 82
---- ['m ready to collect my bribe right now, whispered a sexy, husky voice that sent shivers down my spine as his tongue traced my neck erotically.
Wait...
wait, Aldric.
We're...
were in your pantry.
There are people in the kitchen! Lets...
lets go to the room, I stammered nervously and aroused, his hand sliding down toward my abdomen, nearing the triangle between my thighs.
I squirmed a little, but it only made my ass rub against the hard erection pressing against his pants.
I thought everyone here did whatever they wanted.
So, Ican play too, Valeria, and it seems youre more than ready to please your mate.
Mmm, I moaned as his hand slid under my skirt and teased the start of my vulva, parting the folds and caressing my clit in delicious circles that made me spread my legs for deeper access.
Two fingers slid into my mouth, and I sucked on them between my lips, craving to do the same with his cock.
Imoaned softly, closing my eyes, savoring the pleasure of his quick stimulation on my overly sensitive spot.
Suddenly, his middle finger slipped into my wet vagina.
Aaaabh...
[covered my mouth with my hand, frozen between fear and desire as he abruptly removed his hand from my lips.
Thad moaned like a vixen caught in the act.
His chest rumbled with a mischievous laugh behind me.
Do you think the maids outside heard you? They'll probably say you're a very devoted woman, giving the King pleasure anywhere and anyhow...
You're crazy.
Im leaving...
I tried to break free forcefully, but he spun me around in his arms and kissed me deeply, passionately, pinning me against the wall.
---- Pm crazy about you, my female.
Completely mad with how much I desire you, Valeria, he whispered into my mind, breathing heavily.
He led me into one of the most pleasurable and shamelessly wild moments of my life.
Now I know why the Aurum butterfly hasnt appeared again...
she discovered Im more perverted than her and got embarrassed.
###Chapter 83
---- VALERIA My nails dug into the strong, sweaty muscles of his back, and [bit his lower lip hard enough to taste blood.
Inside, he moaned deeply in his mind as my wet petals were parted and pierced slowly by his thick, round glans.
Mmmmm, I moaned, licking his mouth, my half-closed eyes meeting his, filled with lust and need.
His hands gripped my ass, spreading it, lowering my suspended body until I was impaled little by little on that massive erect cock.
sssshhh, youre so tight.
Fuck, Valeria...
Ah, damn it, babe, you feel so good.
Fuck yourself on my cock, baby.
Mmmm...
ride me like I know youre dying to, he growled huskily, slapping my ass as he whispered hot words into my ear.
My legs locked tightly around his lower back, and my tense thighs began to move up and down his body.
My back hit the wall, and my waist moved deliciously, taking in and pulling out that hard shaft that was driving me insane.
My pussy dripped obscene fluids, making wet, lewd sounds as our dark desires rose higher.
Iclung to the nape of his neck, grabbing his damp hair, feeling like Iwas burning with the fire consuming me inside.
Imoaned softly against his parted lips, riding him vigorously as he stood there, kneading my ass.
My dress was bunched up at my waist, the neckline pulled down, exposing my breasts outside the corset.
The King lowered his head, sucking on them with his sensual mouth and swirling his tongue around my sensitive nipples.
Aldric drove me crazy with lust, and I was the perfect image of a horny maiden surrendering to her King in the pantry.
ah, ah, ah, ah...
My moans grew faster as my hips bounced, rising and falling.
My swollen, reddened pussy swallowed and spat out that hard, veiny cock that had me seeing stars in every color.
Suddenly, with my eyes nearly rolling back and my tongue hanging out, intoxicated by pleasure, I stifled my moans upon hearing the voices and footsteps of maids entering the ---- pantry.
Aldric, stop, wait...
Damn it, wait! Ahhh! I bit my lower lip to keep from screaming like a depraved woman as he started thrusting up into me.
His fingers dug into my ass, and that cock pounded into me mercilessly, stabbing my cervix deliciously over and over again.
No matter how much I begged him, he only looked at me with those beautiful, predatory lycan eyes, breathing heavily against my lips, groaning hoarsely in my mind.
He pinned my body completely to the wall as his own pressed against me, taking me savagely.
Iclung to his tense muscles, droplets of sweat falling from his hair and rolling down my nose, his bare muscular torso rubbing against my breasts as his cock brought me to heaven.
I struggled between pleasure and awareness, morality and complete lust.
They were talking at the pantry entrance about some cheeses possibly spoiling because of a strong smell.
If only they knew where that intense aroma was coming from.
The kitchen voices filtered in while the King and his maiden fucked like rabbits in the darkest, farthest corner of this storeroom.
limagined what they'd see if they came this way: Aldrics wild and sexy body, his pants stuck over his tall boots, his bronzed, sweaty back, and his firm ass clenching with every delicious thrust into the pussy of the maiden they called ugly and unworthy of the Lycan Kings attention.
Aldric, wait, Icant...
I'm going to cum, my King, wait...
Cum for me, my female...
Ggrrr...
drive me completely insane, my mate.
Fuck, steal my sanity, Valeria...
Ssshh damn it, [ove your pussy, woman...
youre my downfall...
Mmmm...
Hearing the word "mate" spoken so passionately and feeling the powerful thrusts of his hips were the final trigger.
Before losing myself completely and screaming for everyone to hear, I opened my mouth, summoning my wolfs canines, and sank them deep into his neck.
The blood, hot like lava, spilled into my mouth as my pussy, wide open and suspended in the air, convulsed in pure pleasure around the Kings cock.
It thickened and swelled, knotting deeply inside me.
Aldric roared in my mind, biting my shoulder as his claws sank into the skin of my hips.
His rapid, deep thrusts slowed into a rhythm that was both delicious and sensual, as milky streams filled me and spilled from my open, swollen lips, dripping onto the floor.
###Chapter 84
---- We were both breathing heavily, tenderly licking each others bite.
The voices were no longer audible.
Twasnt sure when those women had left or if, perhaps, they had heard us.
Honestly, I didnt care as much as I probably should have.
My mind was consumed by the word "mate".
I supposed he said it in the heat of the moment, by mistake.
Iclung to his neck, burying my nose in the intoxicating wine-like scent of his skin, my thighs trembling from the vigorous physical activity.
Aldric slid a hand beneath my ass, holding me up, while the other gently stroked my hair.
Why do I feel like this punishment didnt go as I imagined? His husky voice whispered into my ear, sending shivers through my senses.
You were supposed to panic, to be terrified at the thought of being caught.
Oh, Iwas very scared, Your Majesty.
I lifted my head from his shoulder and gave him my most innocent look.
Every day your insolence grows, little wolf.
Mmm...
so scared that you started grinding yourself like that on my cock, moaning so hotly in my mind.
Dont think I didnt notice how turned on you got when they came in, he said, spanking me, making me sigh as I felt his still- throbbing member inside me.
[ think you still owe me for your rebellion.
You pay it back in the second round.
second round? I...
[think we should go to the room now...
no...
wait, Aldric, what are you doing? Minutes later, I found myself on my knees, viscous fluids dripping down my inner thighs, looking up at the perverse gray eyes of the Lycan King.
His rough hand gripped my chin, forcing me to lift my face, while the other held that semi- erect monster in front of me.
Open your mouth and clean me up properly.
Dont stop until its hard again.
Go on, he said as he ran the glistening tip over my lips, leaving smears of white semen.
with that filthy little mouth of yours, you'll have no trouble getting me hard again.
Seconds later, I found myself forced to devour that thick, delicious cock, tasting the mix of both our flavors.
In and out, deeper and deeper, it filled my throat as I let out nasal, excited moans.
---- By the way, baby, theres something Ive been meaning to tell you for a while.
Remember that medicine I gave you in Silver Lakes pack? It was the cure for the Aurum butterfly.
All this time, you've been free of the spell.
he suddenly said to me.
Iwasnt sure if anyone had ever died choking on a cock out of sheer shock, but I thought I might be the first person to go out in such a ridiculous way.
ee That night, I fell asleep exhausted in the Kings bed, wrapped in his arms and warmth.
But my mind wouldnt rest, worried about how he might interrogate me to uncover the truth about the note intended for the guardian Quinn.
Without the sexual spell, it was clear I had lied to him, and that made me nervous.
Still, I could always play the anger cardafter all, he had deceived me too and probably hada good laugh at my excuses to get close to him.
None of my mental preparations turned out to be necessary.
The next day, Aldric was urgently called to the kingdoms borders because of trouble caused by the vampires.
At last, Iwas free of his jealous, possessive presence, and we took the opportunityCeline, Quinn, and Ito search for the Goddesss Altar in the eerie forest surrounding Golden Moon.
By now, it had become something personal.
Ineeded to find out what the hell I was.
Iwas scared of myself and what I might do if I lost control in the future.
Would I be something dangerous? Could I harm an innocent one day?
###Chapter 85
---- VALERIA ?Eneara, Ihave never regretted a decision so deeply.
My whims brought terrible consequences to the world and to your fragile body.
Your desire to be a motherI will fulfill it.
Iwill create three special treasures for you.
Thank you for showing me freedom through your eyes.? This is part of the passage you deciphered at the Altar, Quinn says as the three of us sit inside the castle library.
T know, but I still didnt understand a thing, I admit, seated across from them with a long table between us.
As Tunderstand it, it speaks of the emergence of the first supernatural creatures.
According to the legends, Eneara was the vessel for the Moon Goddess when she came to explore the mortal realm, Celine explains, and Quinn nods.
They seem like two brainiacs, bookworms, real overachieversand thats a good thing.
However, this much is clear.
According to the legend, Eneara, with the remaining power of the Goddess flowing through her veins, gave birth to the first Lycan, Witch, and Vampirethe original beings who later continued the bloodlines, Celine adds.
Ive heard that story before; theyve been telling it to us since we were kids.
But Ive always thought it was just a legend.
So all these races were born from the Goddesss powers? Why do we seem like enemies now? What caused the division between the Dark Realm and the Werewolves? Tt wasnt always like that, Celine responds.
The entire realm was united.
We are all children of the night, creatures under the Goddess guidance, However, wars and disputes aroseeveryone wanted control of the realm, and it eventually fractured.
Inod, understanding the point.
From siblings, we became sworn enemies.
But theres one part here that I dont understand at all, Quinn says, frowning as he reads from the paper: ?Goddess of my heart, I would give my life a thousand times over if necessary for you.
I regret nothing.
When I thought I couldnt be happier with my three little ones, Juno filled my womb.
[leave in peace knowing I created something far too special.
She is the most powerful of all.
If you ever wish to see the world as mortals again, Juno or her ---- descendants will be waiting for you.? It seems to speak of a fourth child, someone named Juno.
What other supernatural being could she be? It says shes the most powerful of all, Task, but they exchange uncertain looks.
P've spent a lot of time locked away in the library, combing through every manuscript.
The only thing I found that caught my attention was a testimony from a Lycan ancestor who wrote about a mysterious, special woman: ?..When I thought the Goddess had abandoned us and my faith was fading, she answered our prayers.
That beautiful womanIll never forget her, even if live a thousand years.
She pierced the hearts of specters, absorbed the darkness, freed us from chains, ran with our wolves under the moon, summoned mist like the vampires, and floated away, leaving only a trail of magic in the night...? Ilistened to the description, and for some reason, chills ran down my spine as I saw the look in both their eyes.
What? You cant possibly think I'm...
###Chapter 86
---- What? You cant possibly think I'm...
You can summon the form of a she-wolf and communicate with Lycans and Werewolves.
You also turn into that strange creature thats more like a vampire.
It seems you've made some kind of magic pact with the crows.
And I think there are even more things about you we dont know, right, Valeria? Do you really have a curse, or do you lack a wolf spirit altogether? Quinn suddenly asks, and I fall silent, doubting, processing all this information, afraid to reveal my deepest secrets.
valeria, you must have realized by now that Im strange too, Celine admits, clenching her fists tightly.
part of my blood is vampire.
My wolf mother...
she was raped by one of them during the time the realm was in chaos, without a king, Aldric was secluded with his family and didnt want the throne.
She gave birth to me despite the risks.
She died in childbirth.
Quinn and I were left orphaned.
My brother raised me, but when I turned eighteen, complications began.
My Alpha wolf emerged, powerful and dominant, but she couldnt coexist with the tainted vampire blood.
So, inside me, theres always a constant battle, and its consuming years of my life.
I...
[dont have much time left.
Celine...
Quinn, she needs to know that we all have something to lose.
Both of us deceived the King.
I constantly have to control the part of the Dark Realm within me, but its getting harder every day, she says, and I swallow the lump in my throat.
{wont deny it, Valeria.
We've helped you, and we wont betray younot just because you ---- know my secret now, but because I need you.
We've tried everything, and nothing works, but we believe you might be a descendant of that powerful woman, Juno.
Valeria, Ive seen you, When you unleash that repressed part of you, you seem invincible.
It makes me want to bow at your feet...
Wait, wait, guys.
I think you're getting carried away.
Look, Icant even heal myself.
Have you seen my scars? If I were so powerful, I wouldnt have gone through so much in my life.
And yes, Pll admit itI dont have a wolf spirit at all.
something went wrong in you, but I think its awakening, maybe because of Aldrics powerful blood.
You just need to let it flow, Valeria.
I feel like your fears are holding you back, Quinn says suddenly.
We are your guardians now.
We'll help you find your origins.
All ask in return is that you heal my sister.
He places a burden on my shoulders that Im not sure I can carry.
...
we'll see how all this turns out.
But Celine, I dont know if Pll be able to...
As long as theres hope, its enough for me, she replies, and Inod, frowning.
Well, for now, do we at least have the coordinates for the Altar? The forest is massive, ask, my mind filled with countless thoughts.
Yes, tonight we'll go.
Its the best opportunity before His Majesty returns, Quinn says, and I nod.
So far, every Altar has been a calamity.
I hope this one will be calmer.
feeb VAMPIRE KING Are you absolutely sure about what youre telling me? He nods, stammering, reeking of fear as he kneels before my throne.
There's nothing left of Dariuss belongings? He shakes his head, and I grit my teeth in anger, uncertainty, and even fear.
Eine, you've done well.
Ino longer need your services.
I rise from my golden throne and head for the exit.
sir, [thought...
now theres no general...
Twave my handas I pass him, slicing his throat with my sharp claws.
###Chapter 87
---- THE VAMPIRE KING Blood splattered on the floor as muffled sounds of attempts to speak filled the room.
His eyes stared at me, full of disbelief.
To be my General, you need balls, which you clearly lack.
I dont need a cowardly, slippery vermin by my side.
Die happy knowing you served me, I said with disdain, continuing my path toward that damned prophetic witch.
She told me there was a woman who could read the Altars, but she never warned me it was the daughter of Gabrielle, the former Queen I once served as General and right-hand man.
How could that damned baby have survived all this time? I didnt nourish her with the powerful blood her mother left behind before sacrificing herself to seal the Lunar Gate, imprisoning the King of the Specters.
Twas the one who plunged the dagger into her tiny chest and threw her into that deep abyss.
How many lives does that creature have? What kind of magic protected her from death? The descendants of Juno area pain in the ass, all pretending to be heroines, wanting to bring peace among the creatures of the night.
I will not bow to that mangy Lycan King no one will take my throne! BAM! Islammed the sanctuary door open, where that trick-filled witch awaited.
Right now, you're going to get every bit of information you can about the Lycan Kings maiden.
Locate our spies and pass on my orders.
If you mess up again, ll rip your heart out with my bare hands, you wretched hag! pees QUINN We ran swiftly through the foggy forest, shrouded in darkness.
Celine carried Valeria on her back.
It would have been safer for me to carry her, but I understood the barriers she put up.
Itwas obvious she had already given her heart to Aldric.
They shared a special bond, and I was just the outsider.
Besides, I was starting to suspect something about Valerias origins, though I didnt say ---- anything to avoid further confusion.
Once, I saw a painting of the monarch of the Dark Realm, now ruled by the Vampire King.
Iwas struck by the beauty of that woman; I could never forget her.
And Valeriashe reminded me so much of her.
Gabrielle, the Merciful.
Quinn, focus.
We're almost there, and this forest is treacherous, especially at night, Celines words snapped me out of my thoughts.
Inodded, refocusing on what mattered.
The mist swirled around our paws as we advanced.
The moon shone through the twisted branches of the dark trees, but even with our enhanced sight, it was difficult to find the path.
We reached a rugged spot, a small hill with a lone tree at its peak.
Embedded in the trees trunk was what looked like an ancient astronomical clock.
Valeria slid off Celines back, and I stayed alert, scanning the ominous forest in every direction.
Thad never ventured this deep at night.
The wind howled through the leaves, sending chills through my body.
###Chapter 88
---- T'll go check the inscriptions, Valeria said as she started up the worn stone steps leading to the top of the hill.
Follow her, Celine.
Protect her at the slightest danger.
Celine nodded and climbed after her toward the site, which looked nothing like the previous Altars.
The clock was frozen, covered in ancient numbers and spheres indicating the lunar phases.
Moss and vines had overtaken it.
It seemed like part of the tree itself, surrounded by the gnarled knots of the bark.
I watched as Valeria traced her fingers over intertwined letters bordering the artifacts face.
Iglanced at the sky, where clouds were moving faster than normal.
Something was about to changeI could feel it.
The forest whispered warnings.
Every hair on my Lycan form stood on end when I heard Valerias words.
Thave a feeling this is a lullaby, she said aloud, and then she began to sing in a sweet voice that exuded calm.
But the lyrics of the lullaby and what followed brought anything but peace.
---- ?Sleep, Juno, sleep now, or the shadows will come...? The moon began to hide behind the clouds as the wind picked up.
?..When the Goddess is not in the sky, the specters will find you...? She had barely finished the last line when distant chimes echoed from somewhere in the forest.
We all turned our heads toward the sound, but in my distraction, I failed to see the danger looming over Valeria.
Atmassive spectral shadow emerged from within the twisted trunk, looming over her.
Valeria, watch out! Run, get out of there! I shouted, racing toward her.
But the sharp claws of the creature were already too close to her.
I thought she was lost.
Iyelled for her to unleash her powers, but she froze in shock.
Celine acted faster.
A pained howl echoed as my sisters wolf was struck by the attack, pushing Valeria aside with her weight.
Celine! Valeria screamed in terror, thrown onto the stones of the hill.
Troared at the cursed specter and lunged at it, ready to fight.
It was strong far too strong.
My claws dug into the dark shadows of its body without injuring it, while its attacks tore into me.
It began to emerge further from the tree, which seemed to be its deathly guardian.
Iwasnt going to wait for it to fully emerge.
I leaped away, grabbing Valerias body and throwing her over my shoulder.
Pm fine, Quinn! I can run! Dont carry more weightlets go, lets go! Celine growled as I tried to carry her too.
She rose like the warrior she had always been, and we practically threw ourselves headlong down the hill.
The world seemed to have gone black.
No light filtered through from the moon, and just as that horrible lullaby said, when the Goddess did not illuminate the sky, the spectersthose creatures lurking in the darkest cornerscame out to hunt.
Running toward the chimes, we spotted an old bridge in the distance.
But before we could cross it, a specter blocked my path.
Itrembled with fear as more of them emerged from the shadows of the forest, surrounding us.
We were trappedfive of them against us.
If !couldnt handle one, it was clear that certain death awaited us under the claws of the Goddesss sworn enemies.
###Chapter 89
---- VALERIA Everything turned into chaos all of a sudden.
Saying I wasnt afraid would be the biggest lie of my life.
Where did all these specters come from? It seemed like the closer we got to the ultimate truth, the harder the challenges became.
valeria, stay in the middle! they yelled as they fought, but I knew very wellthey were going to die.
I vaguely remembered what happened with that specter that attacked me once, Imanaged to defeat it, but could I handle five of them? And how the hell was I supposed to summon that damn power that only showed up whenever it felt like it? Ahhh! CELINE!! I screamed as I saw her struggling on the ground, trapped under the claws of one specter, while another closed in for the final blow.
I desperately searched for Quinn, but my blood froze in my veins when I saw him fighting the other three.
His body was completely covered in blood, a horrific scratch had left one of his eyes shut, and despite the terror on his face and his desperate effort to reach his sister, he wouldnt make it.
They didnt stand a chance, so I had to do it myself.
The other times, it was an overwhelming feeling of rage and helplessness that triggered my transformation.
Thats exactly how I felt now, so I let that madness take over my body.
allowed the darkness within me to take control, without resistance, without thought.
Looked up at the shadowed sky and raised my hands to summon my crows, to stir the air and shift the clouds, letting the moonlight shine through to give me strength and drive the shadows away.
The caws of black crows echoed from the forest, their wings beating as a massive flock quickly approached.
AAAHHHH! I screamed like a lunatic, and for the first time, I felt that other part of me rise to the surface.
I rushed toward the specter whose claws were already descending to slit Celines throat.
---- My scream made them freeze and look in my direction.
I felt the swift whisper of the breeze rushing past my ears.
I couldnt even measure my speed, and my vision was incredibly sharp, as if everything were bathed in daylight.
The specter turned to face me with that horrifying face, its sunken blood-colored eyes the only discernible features, surrounded by shapeless shadows.
My long claws slashed without mercy, and wailslike the cries of tormented souls echoed from where its mouth should have been.
Celine and Quinn struggled to harm them, their attacks dissolving into nothingness.
But not mine.
I could feel the sensation of slicing through flesh.
Suddenly, I found myself surrounded.
I didnt know any combat techniques, but I fought purely on instinct.
It felt as if I were watching from inside my own head as this new version of me, this superpowered warrior, took over.
###Chapter 90
---- QUINN Just when I thought our time had come and death was inevitable, Valeria pulled off one of her miracles.
Celine had told me about it, but seeing it with my own eyes was something else entirely.
She looked like an angel of death with black wings.
I ran toward Celine to help her; she was injured on the ground, and I lifted her in my arms.
['m going to help Valeria! wait, Quinn! Look, I think we'd only get in her way! she said, and I turned my gaze back to the battle, my jaw dropping as I watched in stunned silence Amassive and awe-inspiring flock of crows began circling above Valeria and the specters.
She moved with incredible speed, dodging their attacks and blending with the shadows themselves.
I could barely follow her movementsshe appeared on the right, then on the left.
Wherever her deadly claws or sharp strikes landed, a wail echoed in the air.
She flapped her enormous black wings, and it was as if the crows became one with her.
Feathers floated through the air, mingling with the caws and cries that sent fear straight to my heart.
The innocent maiden of the King was killing at the speed of lightning and with the ease of breathing.
---- Finally, the clouds began to clear, and the radiant moonlight shone down on Valeria, revealing her with her hands raised to the sky, her enormous wings spread wide.
Those red, chilling eyes, closed and surrounded by bulging veins, and a sinister smile on her lips as the lingering darkness of the specters began to swirl like a vortex with her at the center.
What is she doing? Celine asked me in a low voice, her unease mirroring my own as my soul hung bya thread.
[ think shes...
absorbing the specters? I replied uncertainly.
[had never heard of such a power before.
But there she was, right before our eyes.
The dark energy swirled and swirled until there was less and less of it floating in the air, until finally, all of it merged into Valerias pores.
She opened her crimson eyes for the first time and stared at me with such intensity that I didnt know whether to be mesmerized or to run for my life.
suddenly, she brought her hand to her head, looking disoriented or dizzy.
Valeria! I shouted as I saw her collapse onto her back.
She faints after using that power! Celine said, and despite our severe injuries, we ran to Valeria.
###Chapter 91
---- QUINN She still looked like a deity.
Now that she was "asleep," approached her with curiosity and even touched her wings.
The sharp tips were oozing a sticky, dark liquid.
Valeria...
shes incredible.
No doubt about itshe must be a descendant of Juno.
And I suspect shes the daughter of Queen Gabrielle, which leads me to believe Gabrielle herself must also descend from that powerful woman, Juno, I murmured, analyzing everything.
How can that be possible, Quinn? So much time has passed since that Queen died and was replaced by the idiot Vampire King.
Valeria looks young...
Looks, you said it yourself.
Do you doubt anything after what just happened? Five specters, Celine.
They're not the same as vampirestheyre far more powerful, and Valeria swallowed them like candy, I replied, and we fell silent for a moment, every hair on our bodies standing onend.
Lets go.
I think the worst danger is behind us.
Really? It seems like you haven't taken a good look at this old bridge.
Celine moved closer to the edge of the suspension bridge leading to the ruins shrouded in mist.
Pll grab the bag so we can change, I said, walking off to pick up the small leather pouch I'd tied to my lycans waist before the fight.
We shifted back to our human forms, as it was obvious the bridge wouldnt hold too much weight.
With Valeria unconscious on my back, we tried to cross what I hoped would be the last obstacle.
Pll go first Im lighter.
Be careful, I told her, watching as she started across.
At first, the bridge was made of worn stone, slick with moss, but at least it felt solid.
Then came the rotten planks, which offered no sense of security.
Well, [cant see the bottom through all this fog, but I bet it wouldnt bea pleasant fall, Celine quipped sarcastically as she took cautious steps forward.
The old vines we used as handholds creaked dangerously.
Celine, we'd better pick up the pace, I said, feeling the bridge tremble beneath us.
The wind was picking up, and some of the ropes were starting to come loose.
We were halfway across.
We moved without stopping, nearly blind in the thick fog.
I couldnt even see the far end of the bridge, and I could barely make out Celines back.
It was making me
###Chapter 92
---- anxious.
Aaahh! she suddenly screamed.
What happened? Celine, what happened?! Damn it! I shouted, running forward despite the danger.
My foot nearly got stuck in a plank that snapped in half.
Suddenly, I went from the wooden planks to the cold, solid stone.
What happened to you?! I rushed over, scanning our surroundings for danger.
Sorry, I just wanted to add a little more drama to the moment, she said, shrugging as she stood safely at the base of the ruins.
For fucks sake! How can you joke like that in a situation like this?! Did you bring extra underwear, Quinn? I mean, because theres a weird smell coming from you, I suddenly heard Valerias voice, apparently awake now.
She and Celine started laughing, and despite everything, I couldnt help but smile too.
You two are a perfect matchdamn my luck.
If youre strong enough to mock your poor pack mule, get down already, Mother of Crows, I said, helping her off my back.
If theres one thing that brings hearts and wills together, its sharing secrets and having the same goals.
Thats how trust and true alliances are born.
seb VALERIA You guys are injured.
I think youd better heal quickly before we face the next monster, I said, and we all looked at the ancient ruins of what seemed to be an abandoned castle.
[still feel really weak.
I dont think I'll be able to summon that power again anytime soon, I admitted.
Iwas barely holding on.
My whole body trembled, and my back ached as if I'd been stabbed twice in the shoulder blades.
My nails, my gumseverything hurt like hell.
Alright, lets sit for a bit on those rocks.
Im fine; I'll feed Celine with my blood, Quinn said, and we did just that.
Icollapsed onto the ground, trying to catch my breath.
valeria, you're amazing! You went like this, and then like thatwham! Celine, now full of vitality after feeding, began to reenact everything Ihad done, her eyes sparkling with admiration.
Icouldnt liejust this once, it felt really nice to be the hero instead of the damsel in distress.
---- After a short rest, we decided to move on.
We followed a stone path lined with withered hedges.
The stench of decay and rotting plants overwhelmed our senses.
Before long, we stood in front of wide stairs, some of their stones missing, leading up to a massive, old wooden door.
We climbed up and prepared to push it open and enter the castle that seemed to have come straight out of our worst nightmares.
Well, guys, fingers crossed we finally find the altar without any more surprises, Celine said, and we all nodded.
We placed our hands on the rotting wood and pushed with all our strength.
The eerie creak of rusted hinges echoed into the night, inviting us to step insideor to flee.
###Chapter 93
---- VALERIA ?The shadows bloomed and gathered, gaining strength in the absence of the silver light illuminating the night.
Umbros, born from fear and darkness, devoured the hearts of the weak, building its own army of specters to defy the heavens.
The Goddess had to act; everything was a consequence of her whims.
So, she borrowed the lunar power of Juno, sealing Umbros and keeping him imprisoned.
But every so often, the shadows would shake the bars of their confinement, and only a Selenia could protect us from the darkness? That seems to be what they call your kind, Valeriathe Selenias, Celine said to me, and I nodded as I worked on deciphering the altar.
The castle interior was just as ruined as the exterior.
We walked through cold hallways where the chilling breeze created ghostly sounds.
Thankfully, no more specters or dangers appeared.
In the throne room, where half the roof had collapsed, beams of light illuminated the Altar to the Goddess, perched at the top of a set of old stairs.
As with the other altars, it consisted of faded carvings etched into a mossy, ancient statue representing the Moon Goddess, along with a silver relic almost in plain sight.
Who is Umbros? I asked the brainiacs of the group.
They say hes the greatest calamity to ever exist.
He emerged during the period when the Goddess descended to visit mortals.
Hes the father of the specters, who are enemies of the Children of the Moon.
I suppose thats why you have the power to absorb them, Quinn explained.
yes, and every time I do, I feel stronger, I admitted, clenching my fists.
I just dont understand how someone supposedly so incredible cant even heal herself, I muttered, touching my face.
Maybe if you absorb more specters? Celine suggested.
Sure, lets go specter-hunting.
Do you know of any taverns where they hang out? I asked sarcastically, and she stuck her tongue out at me like a child.
Ishook my head, slightly amused, and focused on deciphering the clues to the next altar.
I didnt need to ask which pack was involvedI knew it all too well.
I grew up there, raised by
###Chapter 94
---- my adoptive parents in the Blue Sky Pack, located near the one where I spent three years as the false Luna of Alpha Dorian.
The two packs were allies.
It seemed it was time to return to the beginning.
eee That night, we managed to return safely.
The adrenaline still coursed through my veins as I recalled "my transformation." Iwas scared and uncertain, but at the same time, not feeling so weak anymorebeing able to defend myself from dangergave mea sense of satisfaction.
No one would ever again take a child of mine from my womb just because I couldnt defend them.
I missed Aldric.
He had been gone for several days, and although I didnt like snooping in his room when he wasnt home, that night, Islept in his bed, surrounded by the soft fur of his comforter and the scent of wine lingering in his sheets.
In the early hours, I felt sudden warmth at my backa powerful presence wrapping its arms around my waist and pulling me protectively against a strong chest.
Half-asleep, I instinctively tried to react, startled.
Its me, Vale.
Dont be scared, my love.
Im home, he murmured, placing a gentle kiss on the nape of my neck.
My soul immediately felt at peace.
Isnuggled deeper into his strong arms and didnt wake until sunlight filtered through the curtains.
When I opened my eyes, blinking groggily, I realized I had turned toward his chest.
Raising my head, I kissed his chin, rough with stubble.
He looked tired, merely exhaling softly as he slept.
Smiling like a lovestruck fool, I decided to get up and prepare him a nice breakfast.
Escaping the shackles of his arms was an adventure in itself, but I managed it.
I walked to the bathroom to freshen up and change into one of the outfits I had left in his room.
When I returned from the kitchen and set the table, he was still asleep.
I stepped into the room and stood at the foot of the bed, just watching him.
He had kicked the comforter aside, lying there in nothing but his tight boxers, practically taking up the entire bed with his nearly two-meter frame.
One arm was bent over his head, showcasing the strong muscles of his triceps.
His dark red ---- hair, wild and beautiful, spilled across the white pillow.
His other hand rested on his broad chest, drawing attention to those enticing pink nipples I was dying to lick.
Goddess, this man was the sexiest, most shamelessly beautiful thing Id ever seen in my life.
My perverted gaze traveled down his sculpted abdomen to the outline of his semi-erect cock, perfectly visible through the fabric of his boxers.
I supposed this was what they called morning woodbut what morning wood! Damn, I was starting to feel flushed.
I wanted to let him rest.
Fanning myself with my hand, I turned to cover the food on the table when I heard a noise behind methe sound of something moving quickly to catch me by surprise.
###Chapter 95
---- VALERIA The same arms that had just been resting wrapped around my waist, pulling me back toward the bed.
[let out a surprised squeal, landing on his strong thighs.
My ass pressed against that hard thing Id been devouring with my eyes moments earlier.
What more do Ihave to do for you to come and ravish me? I was debating whether to keep my boxers on or wait for you naked.
I think naked wouldve been the better choice, his rough, wolf -like voice growled against my neck, sending shivers down my spine as he planted soft kisses there.
His hands roamed over my hips and waist, pulling me even closer to his firm body.
The image of him naked, that thick rod standing at attention as I walked through the door, flashed in my mind, and I thought, Yeah, d probably jump him for real.
T thought you were tired.
[wanted to let you sleep a little longer, but there you were, being a pervert, putting temptation right in front of me, I teased, nearly moaning, tilting my head to give him better access as he continued his delicious torture.
Didnt work at all, wicked woman.
Pve been missing you like a madman, and here you are, forgetting about me after just a few days, he mockingly accused, feigning irritation, though his hands didnt stop stroking my skin, igniting a fire under it.
Then lets rewind time and try again.
This time, wait for me naked, I replied seductively, slipping out of his grasp and standing up.
For a moment, he looked confused.
But he quickly caught on and played along.
Iwatched as he eagerly stripped off his underwear, revealing that enormous cock, slick with fluids that made me swallow hard.
It was almost as if it was winking at me seductively.
He leaned back against the headboard, relaxed and sensual, fully aware of how much he had me wet and wanting him, One hand wrapped around his shaft, slowly stroking as he let out low growls, his sleepy eyes filled with intense pleasure, roaming over my body.
So? I'm still half-asleep, waiting for you, he said shamelessly, smirking in a way that completely destroyed my sanity.
Tunbuckled the thick belt around my waist, letting it fall to the carpet.
###Chapter 96
---- Then I lifted the hem of my dress, pulling it up over my hips, over my torso, and finally over my head.
Now I stood there naked, save for a pair of thin panties.
Thank the Goddess I'd kept my outfit simple.
He hissed lecherously, licking his lips as his gaze fixed on my breasts, my nipples already hard and aroused.
Iredirected his attention by sliding my fingers to the waistband of my panties, slowly pulling them down, inch by inch, past my legs until they got caught under my feet.
I slipped off my sandals, stepped out of the panties, and walked toward the bed, completely nude, Crawling onto it slowly, I approached him, matching the intensity with which he devoured me with his eyes.
The air was thick with desire and tension; it was almost tangible.
His breathing quickened, and his hand gripped his thick shaft tighter.
My hands traced along his strong calves, every inch of him as hard as steel but burning like a volcano about to erupt.
Tmoved up to his tense thighs, watching him shudder as my finger lightly grazed the tight skin of his throbbing, full balls.
Islid my hand up over his, which had stilled at the base of his cock, collecting the slick nectar dripping down that delectable column, My rounded nail scraped lightly along the slit of his swollen tip, and the sound of his lustful grow filled my ears.
lifted my head for a moment, locking eyes with his gray irises flecked with red, and without breaking the connection, I lowered my mouth.
Wrapping my lips around him, I let my tongue swirl around that firm mushroom head.
shit...
baby, its taking everything I have to stay half-asleep, he groaned, his hips lifting slightly in desperation, pushing that monster deeper into my mouth.
I sucked and tasted him, teasing with a strong pull before releasing him with a wet pop.
My fingers, slick with his precum, slid down to my pussy, spreading the wetness as I started to stretch myself.
Spreading my legs wider, I moaned with pleasure as his hard cock fucked my throat, my own juices running down my thighs while I fingered myself deeply and quickly, making obscene sounds.
Neither of us would last long at this rate.
---- I suddenly sat up, licking my lips and pushing him back against the bed, straddling his hips.
My heated pussy rested just above his cock, which glistened with my saliva and his precum.
Aldric let me take control, lying back with a primal look in his eyes that made my entire body tremble with anticipation.
Time for your maiden to wake you up, Your Majesty, whispered, leaning forward.
Lifted myself slightly and licked his lips, letting him taste himself as my hand slid down to position his cock between my legs.
I stroked his tip along my silky folds, pressing against my tight entrance, which trembled with need, slowly opening to welcome the delicious thickness of my man.
###Chapter 97
---- VALERIA Aldric groans deeply, sweating and tense as he begins to push inside me.
Ibite my lower lip to stop myself from moaning like a depraved slut as I'm slowly, deliciously impaled.
My knees tremble against the mattress, and my hands press into his chest for support as I lean over him.
My breath escapes in short gasps from my parted lips.
ahh, your Majesty feels so hard...
ahh, I love your cock, I moan, unable to help myself, throwing my head back, eyes closed, shivering with pure pleasure as I lower myself completely onto the Lycan Kings cock, burying it deep inside me.
It throbbed, burning hotter than a furnace.
Aldric grunted impatiently, his rough hands gripping my hips as he growled filthy words that only ignited me further.
My hips seemed to move on their own, riding my male, plunging his thick member in and out of my dripping pussy, which was already on the brink of release.
My breathing quickened, my heart pounded furiously, and through lust-filled eyes, I gazed at the massive Lycan beneath me, surrendering to me, letting me make love to him.
He lifted me higher and higher, to the very edges of ecstasy.
The sunlight filtered faintly into the room, a silent accomplice to our passion.
My ass slapped against him rhythmically as I rode him like a wolf in heat.
His hands claimed my breasts, squeezing and kneading them while sweat trickled down my back.
I screamed and moaned with abandon, my nails digging into his chest as my stomach tightened, and an earth-shattering orgasm washed over me.
My cries echoed off the walls, and I collapsed onto his sweat-soaked chest, reveling in the aftershocks of my release.
Ibarely had time to catch my breath before the room seemed to spin, and our positions were reversed.
Now Iwas on my back, legs spread wide, my powerful male looming over me, pinning me down with his weight.
###Chapter 98
---- must say, this has been the best wake-up of my life.
Now its my turn to show you just how much I enjoyed it, he promised against my lips before kissing me deeply.
The delicious thrusts of his hips began again, and I didnt resist being loved anew.
I craved this man with every fiber of my being.
The mingling scents of aged wine and dark chocolate lingered in the Lycan Kings room for a long time.
aeeed ALDRIC Iwas a bit nervous as I waited for Valeria to come out after wed taken a good bath together.
Thad thought long and hard about this decision, but even so, I felt anxious.
I gripped the small key in my hand tightly.
Are you waiting for me? she asked, and I nodded, taking my beautiful mates hand.
Come, I need your help with something, I said, leading her into the closet.
I felt her tense as she realized where we were headed.
Aldric, you dont have to Yes, Ido.
Its time, I interrupted gently, handing her the key to the place where I kept the last remnants of my beloved pups and my former mate Awoman [had loved deeply but now understood no longer had space in my heart not if I wanted to be completely honest and fair with Valeria.
She would always live in my memories, but only there.
Valeria looked at me, waiting for me to change my mind.
But then she opened the door to the narrow shelf.
Help me pack everything into that box.
We'll take it somewhere else, I told her.
No, wait, Aldric, you dont have to do this.
It doesnt bother me; I wont come near this place again...
valeria, I said, stepping closer and taking her cheeks in my hands to hold her gaze.
[ need to let go of the past to build a future with my mate.
Im no longer a man haunted by broken memories.
You've brought light and the will to live back into my life, my love.
We're destined matesyou and I.
What? How...
how can you be so sure? Im strange; Im not even from your speI mean, I...
I cant even bring out my inner wolf.
I think youre mistaken...
she stammered nervously, incoherent.
---- Ipulled her into my chest and kissed her damp hair from the bath.
Goddess, I adored this woman.
I was completely in love with her.
Love, you are.
Even if you cant feel it, Vale, youre mine.
My wolf recognizes you.
Besides, you drink my blood without getting poisoned, even as an omega.
You go into heat with me.
You are my matethe woman the Goddess created to bring happiness back into my life, I said, cupping her cheeks again and looking into her nervous squirrel-like eyes.
Pm sorry I didnt tell you sooner when I first suspected it.
Honestly, at first, I didnt want to accept it, I confessed, not breaking eye contact, silently praying she wouldnt be angry.
Twas scaredso scared those bastards from the Dark Realm would hurt you.
For a moment, I even thought about letting you go so they wouldnt associate you with me.
But I couldnt.
I cant, Valeria, because I love you.
I love you so much that if anything happened to you, d die with you.
Thugged her again, and every word I spoke was the absolute truth.
She felt rigid in my arms, leaving me feeling a bit lost and disappointed.
Ihad hoped we'd confess our feelings to each other right here and now.
###Chapter 99
---- ALDRIC "T told you he would get mad at us, damn it! You've got the balls to face those bloodsuckers but not to accept our mate!" My wolf, as usual, throwing everything in my face.
aldric, what if my inner wolf never comes out? What if Im...
something stranger?" asked hesitantly, catching a murmur from his lips.
Stranger? No, no, youre not strange at all.
Dont worry, Vale.
The moment one of those damn.
sorcerers crosses the border, Ill capture them.
If I have to, Ill force them to undo the damn curse they put on you as a child.
Your wolf will emerge and recognize us.
We can make our races vow and mark you as mine forever, assured her.
Why? Aldric, have you ever considered that maybe your blind hatred is keeping you from seeing past the tip of your nose? I think youre condemning everyone in the Dark Realm just because of your grudges.
What if theres a good sorcerer who wants to help me simply because theyre kind? She looked at me with red-tinged eyes, anger flickering in them.
Iunderstood that Valeria was a compassionate woman, but after everything she had been througheven personallyI thought she wouldnt be so naive anymore.
valeria, you know nothing about the Dark Realm.
A good sorcerer? Ha, that doesnt exist.
Every one of those damned sorcerers only creates vile things full of curses and deceit.
wasnt the curse they put on you as a child enough? They did it out of pure malice.
Or what they did to little Edward, driving him to death just to achieve their twisted goals? The death of my family, your parents, all the unjust murders you've witnessed so farand even the ones you dont know about yet.
But maybe only a small group does those things! That doesnt mean the entire Dark Realm is evil! Aldric, you're letting your anger cloud your judgment.
Youre being unjust.
Your own people fear youthey dont report anything about the Dark Realm because they re terrified you'll involve them.
You dont distinguish between innocent and guilty when you hear the words Dark Realm.
[njust?! I took a step back, incredulous at her accusation.
Injustice is what I found at the borders of the Realma slaughtered pack, children, babies, elders, all dismembered.
Women violated and killed, warriors decapitated! Do you think I hate them without reason? There's your proof, Valeria! Thats what those bastards from the Dark Realm are capable of!
###Chapter 100
---- yelled, fury gripping meas I pointed to the memories etched in my mind.
As long as I breathe, whenever I get my hands on one of those cursed creatures, Ill strangle them to death because I owe it to my children! Do you understand? Because they were innocent! Its either those disgusting creatures or us, Valeria.
This is a constant war, and its only going to get worse because I plan to take extreme action! My love, I need you to always be on my side and stay clear-headed.
Compassion will only get you killed if they sense even the slightest opportunity.
Iwas seething, glaring at her with my head lowered.
She couldnt understand.
How could it be so hard to grasp, especially when she herself had been a victim of theirs multiple times? I walked away to avoid taking out my frustration on her.
I needed air, needed to run through the forest.
Azarot roared in my head, filling it with torment.
How had such a good day turned into this mess? peers VALERIA I didnt know how long I stood frozen in the same spot, replaying his words over and over in my mind.
Ifelt suffocated, my confession stuck in my throat, ready to spill out, but fear held it back.
Yes, Iwas afraid of the man I loved.
Lunderstood his reasons, but I couldn strip off my skin and stop being one of the creatures he wanted so desperately to strangle and destroy.
My hands trembled as I packed away all his memories into the box, tears falling uncontrollably.
What exactly was I doing this for? Icouldnt hide my origins forever, and something deep inside told me that the happy life we had planned wasnt possible between two people born to be sworn enemies.
cere That night, he returned very late and apologized for his outburst.
He led me to the crypts deep within the castle, where his children and former mate rested.
Together, we carefully placed their belongings there.
In front of them, he spoke moving words and made promises for us.
But far from feeling happy, my heart felt heavier and more wounded.
---- A few days later, we departed for the pack where I was born, but something gnawed at methe proximity to Autumn Forest.
Could my dear ex-mother-in-law still be looking for me? Probably not.
Iwas never that important.
Maybe theyd even forgotten I ever existed.
But as always, my prayers were useless, and fate once again played its cards against me.
###Chapter 101
---- VALERIA For this journey, two carriages were preparedQuinn and Celine rode in one, while Aldric and I shared the other.
Truthfully, things had been tense between us these past days.
I suppose thats inevitable when there are so many differences and secrets in a relationship.
Thad thought of countless ways to resolve it, but all of them led back to the same conclusion: I needed to tell him the truth, to be honest with him.
Yet every time his hate-filled words echoed in my mind, my confidence crumbled.
Watching the forest pass by, I remembered when I used to run through these woods like a lost soul until I reached Golden Moon.
As the landscape became more and more familiar, memories of the past flooded my mind.
All the pain and humiliation I felt that night when I lost my pup.
Are you going to keep giving me the cold shoulder forever? A low whisper tickled the side of my neck.
felt the weight of Aldrics head resting on my shoulder, his long hair brushing lightly against my arm.
He had moved closer, pressing his thigh against mine and surrounding me with his slightly unsettled pheromones.
What do I have to do to make you forgive me for yelling at you? If only it were as simple as his tone of voice.
Its killing me to see you wont even look at me.
Dont think I didnt notice you trying to ride with Celine instead of staying here with me.
What, do you hate me that much? His hand gently cupped my chin, turning my face toward him as his fingers caressed my cheek.
I drowned in those cold, silver-gray eyes so distant yet so beautiful.
Hearing him plead with me made my heart ache.
Iwasnt angry at Aldric, not really.
Iwas angry at life, at my destiny.
Didnt I deserve to be happy with someone? Pm not mad at you.
Im not that petty, I said softly, raising my hand to touch his sharp, masculine face, smoothing his reddish stubble with my fingers.
Its just...
I guess I feel a bit melancholy about returning to my old pack.
Not that anyone there should remember meI moved away afterward.
---- You've never told me which pack you moved to.
You know, the one that bastard belonged to the one Id like to dig up just so I could tear him apart with my bare hands, he said through gritted teeth, making me tense up.
I didnt want to give him any details.
He only knew a distorted version of my past, the one I had chosen to share.
had never gone into specifics, fearing it would expose too much.
Who would believe that a mere omega like me had killed a powerful Alpha like Dorian? [ dont want to talk about something so unpleasant.
It has nothing to do with the pack we're going to, I confessed with a sigh.
Heaned in to give him a soft kiss on the lips, but as I tried to pull away, he held the back of my head, deepening the kiss.
He leaned further into me, pinning me into the corner of the carriage.
His passion, his desire, the intensity of his feelings for methey all poured into that kiss.
It told me he loved me.
But would his love be enough to accept who I truly was?
###Chapter 102
---- Dont think about sad things.
Im sorry for asking, for scaring you, for losing control that day.
My love, I just want to protect you, Valeria.
I cant lose youdont you understand? m not that strong; I couldnt bear it again.
Dont push me away, my little one.
Please, dont push me away, he whispered against my lips, his gaze melting into my blue eyes.
I swallowed the bitter lump of desperation in my throat.
seek When we arrived at Blue Sky, Iwas surprised.
I remembered this pack differentlybrighter and more beautiful.
But now, the wooden and brick houses looked neglected, as if theyd only slapped on a thin coat of paint to prepare for the Kings visit.
What had happened here? Your Majesty, we're delighted to welcome you and your retinue, an older man greeted us.
I didnt recognize him, but he was the Alpha.
From beneath my heavy cloak, I scanned the crowd gathered in the plaza.
My eyes searched for familiar faces, and sure enough, I spotted a few that stirred my memories.
After moving to Dorians pack to escape the grief of losing my parents, I had never returned to my roots.
Not that I had been particularly loved here.
My adoptive parents had found me in a wild, dangerous forest near this pack and brought back an abandoned baby no one wanted.
Whena specter attacked our home and I was the only survivor likely because of my strange ---- abilities the pack distanced itself even further.
They treated meas an outcast, even with cruelty, blaming me for their misfortunes.
I suppose thats why, when I arrived at Dorians pack and received just a sliver of false affection, it was enough to sell my affection-starved soul.
They deceived me in the worst possible way.
No, she stays with me, We'll sleep in the same lodging, and those two can have the other one, Aldrics voice broke through my thoughts.
We had agreed not to broadcast to everyone that I was his mate, to avoid painting a target on my back for our enemies.
But something told me I was already in their sights.
Aldric, could you ask if we can stay in the old Keller house? If no ones occupying it, I mean, I asked him suddenly.
He relayed the request to the Alpha.
['m sorry, Your Majesty, but that place is in ruins.
I dont think you'd be comfortable there.
We've prepared better accommodations, the old man replied, looking embarrassed.
I didnt press further, already planning to visit the house later.
Curious eyes followed us as we walked to two quaint houses side by side, separated only by a low hedge.
These were the best-maintained buildings I had seen here.
Why had the rest of the pack fallen into such decay? Ididnt have time to investigate their hardships, thoughI was already burdened by my own.
All wanted was to leave this place as quickly as possible.
As Ihad suspected, the Goddesss Altar was located in the forest where I had been found as a child.
A guide led us there, glancing nervously around as we walked.
I recognized him from beforethe old goat keeper.
But he didnt seem to recognize me.
Like everyone else, his eyes lingered awkwardly on my scars.
Th-There, Your Majesty.
You must be careful.
They say there are specters in this forest, he stammered, pointing a trembling hand toward the stone path that led deeper into the woods, surrounded by thick trees.
###Chapter 103
---- VALERIA Specters? Why havent you reported this to the Guardians so they can investigate? Aldric interrogated him coldly.
T?s just...
its just that there havent been any sightings in years.
But in our pack, theres a storythose who venture into this place are cursed, marked by specters to die later.
Thats what happened to a couple, good people, members of our pack.
He spoke with his head bowed, sounding sorrowful.
I had a strong feeling he was talking about my parents.
They found an abandoned baby in this forest, at the Altar, they said.
Can you imagine? What baby could have survived here? We warned them repeatedly not to bring it to the pack, that the child was strange, but they didnt listen.
A few years later, they were torn apart by a specter, and only that abomination survived.
clenched my fists at his words, wanting to lash out and defend myself, but Aldric beat me to it.
So, you would have left a baby to die in the forest out of fear? Aldric interrupted, his voice nearly a growl, his commanding aura burning with anger.
The man trembled even more.
No, not me! Im just warning you about the monsters, I...
Just shut up and get the hell out of here! Honestly, whos the real monster here? Dont show your face in front of me again while Im in this damn pack! Aldric roared, and the man ran off.
Awarm, strong hand gripped mine, pulling me along the stone path deeper into the forest, with Celine and Quinn following silently behind.
That baby was you, wasnt it? he asked suddenly, catching me off guard.
Yes, it was me.
You're no abomination.
Youre my beloved mate.
Im grateful to your kind-hearted parents for saving my chance at happiness.
As we walked, he leaned down to kiss the top of my head, giving mea small glimmer of hope.
But then...
Some cursed she-wolf must have abandoned you here in this forest.
How can they blame an innocent child for a specter attack? Brain-dead idiots.
Dont worry.
Once we're done with these altars, we'll find a way to break your curse.
Ive already got someone tracking down one of those rogue witches.
I sighed without responding.
Aldric, Im not afraid of specters.
Theyre the ones who should fear me.
###Chapter 104
---- We found the Altar, and though I tried to stay calm, my nerves were on edge.
Quinn kept stealing glances at me, while Celine remained alert, scanning our surroundings.
Our past experiences warned us that something terrible might appear, but this time, nothing happened.
Ipretended to casually examine the inscriptions on the pedestal, topped with a massive lunar disk.
Quinn brushed away vines and withered plants, pretending to take notes.
We couldnt communicate openly with Aldric standing so close, positioned right between Quinn and me.
That man was absurdly possessive.
I quickly memorized the intricate words.
They were complex, and I couldnt fully grasp their meaning.
There didnt seem to be more of the storyjust descriptions of tasks to come.
I turned away as if uninterested.
The breeze rustled through the leaves above, and though it was midday, the shade of the towering oaks kept the temperature cool.
Quinn, tell me we wont have to stay in this pack for days like last time, Aldric asked, his tone sharp.
Quinn gave a brief reply, throwing me a quick glance through an oval gap in the vines.
Less talking, more focusing on the inscriptions.
Lets move our asses and get out of here.
I dont like this pack being so close to the borders of the Realm.
You know how tense the situation is, Aldric growled softly, and I rolled my eyes.
Valeria, are you feeling alright? Its a bit warm, Celine said, coming to my side and helping me sit under the shade of the Altar at its base while Aldric kept watch.
That was our signalshe was really asking if Thad deciphered the message.
Iwas about to respond when a half-hidden set of markings caught my attention.
Reaching out, [brushed away the moss, my heart skipping a beat as I uncovered my name, crudely carved into the stone.
The letters didnt seem to belong to the original monument.
They werent even in the same ancient language, yet I understood them perfectly.
?My little raven, if youve made it here, it means all my efforts were worth it.
Dont reveal the information about this Altar to anyone yet.
Trust your old nanny, Valeria.
The ravens will soon guide you tome? A lump formed in my throat, and tears burned in my eyes.
I tried to hide my reaction, but Celine was already looking at me with a questioning expression.
I didnt even know why I felt this wayso sad, so nostalgic.
[had no idea who had written ---- those words, which clashed entirely with the rest of the monument.
It seemed foolish to trust an unknown phrase.
It could bea lie, a trap.
Yet every instinct had screamed at me to believe it.
My little raven.
Someone, long ago, had called me that.
###Chapter 105
---- VALERIA Valeria, whats wrong? I suddenly heard Celines voice, and I looked up into her worried eyes.
valeria, my love, whats happening? Are you feeling unwell? Aldric quickly approached, kneeling in front of me.
His fingers gently brushed against my face, wiping away my tears.
Thadnt even realized I was crying, overwhelmed by intense emotions that were suffocating me.
Twant to leave this place.
I want to go back already, I whispered, swallowing my sobs as T wrapped my arms around his neck.
Without hesitation, he lifted me in his arms, holding me protectively against his broad chest.
Quinn, dont take too long.
Please, try to speed this up, he instructed, his tone firm as Quinn stood, equally concerned.
I felt embarrassed about making a scene, but I couldnt help it.
It was as if countless memories were crashing into my mind, bringing unbearable pain without offering any clarity.
Aldric carried me back to the house in a near sprint, laying me down on the bed and staying with me.
He comforted me, cradling me and stroking my back.
At some point, I drifted off to sleep in his massive, protective embrace.
How I wished he could shield me from my inner demons, too.
When I woke up again, the last rays of sunlight were filtering through the window.
I found myself alone in the bed.
Rising, I went to the bathroom to splash some water on my face.
My eyes were puffy and red, but the oppressive weight in my chest had eased.
Igrabbed a shawl, draping it over my dress before leaving the room.
Walking down the narrow hallway, painted a creamy shade and adorned with pictures of gardens and flowers, I overheard a conversation coming from the living room.
But...
Your Majesty, my wife has prepared a humble dinner with much love.
It would be an honor to host you at our home...
['m sorry, but Ive already said we cant come.
My mate Pm fine.
'm feeling better now, I said, stepping forward and gently stroking Aldrics arm.
My love, you shouldnt have gotten up, he said immediately, turning to examine me.
My heart melted at the protective concern radiating from him.
Youre the King.
You need to build relationships with the packs.
Enough of this bad reputation of cutting off heads and being rude, I told him telepathically.
###Chapter 106
---- [ dont care what they think.
I never wanted to be the damn King in the first place.
Ive been trying to hand this role to anyone willing to take it, he replied, pulling me into an embrace.
His affection made me blush slightly, aware of the Alphas discomfort at our public display.
I dont want you to seem like a tyrant, Aldric.
People are afraid of you, which is why they often dont ask for your help, I said, though my intention wasnt to defend these fools but to improve the image of my King.
We'll come.
Thank you for the invitation, I said aloud.
The Alpha nodded enthusiastically.
Icould feel his curious glances, though he tried to hide them in Aldrics presence.
He was probably wondering how the coveted, single King ended up with the plainest girl from the harem.
I picked out one of my most beautiful dresses a burgundy and sky-blue gown with off-the- shoulder puffed sleeves, a cinched waist, and a corset that accentuated my chest.
If Twas going to stand out because of my face, I might as well do it with style.
After all, no one here would remember what the scorned little orphan had once looked like.
That dress was from my private collectionmeant for my eyes only, Aldric said, turning to devour me with his gaze as I entered the room.
He was dressed in black as usual, simple yet slightly more elegant than his typical attire At least I'd managed to sneak a few decent pieces into his wardrobe beyond his usual combat basics.
Dont be silly.
The first thing people notice is my face, and they're probably wondering what youre doing with me, I teased, walking toward him as he came to meet me.
He opened his arms and pulled me close to his body.
If anyone stares at you for more than two seconds, I'll rip their eyes out.
And dont even think about criticizing yourself.
These people already annoy me enough.
Between them and that horny jackal, Ive had it.
He leaned down to whisper in my ear, Lets get this over with.
I want to come back and tear that sexy dress off youwith my teeth.
Tcouldnt help but smile slightly at his attempt to cheer me up.
We stepped outside, where Celine and the jackaloops, I meant Quinnwere waiting.
Alow, warning growl rumbled in Aldrics chest as we passed the Guardian, who suddenly became very interested in swatting away an imaginary fly buzzing around his head.
Amused by their childish antics, I walked arm in arm with my Lycan along the cobblestone ---- streets.
Curious eyes peeked at us from behind windows as we made our way to the Alphas house.
I think I passed through this pack a few years ago, just briefly.
It looked better then, Celine commented from behind us.
The Alpha told me they merged with a larger allied pack.
Apparently, the fusion didnt go well, Aldric replied, making me tense.
Thad a feeling I knew which pack he was referring to, and as if the universe wanted to mock me, a group was waiting for us outside the Alphas housepeople we hadnt seen when we first arrived.
Among them, a woman stood with her back to us, but I recognized her instantly, even if a thousand years had passed.
I tried to slow my steps, resisting this bitter moment, but it was unavoidable.
We reached them, and the older woman turned, fixing me with a cold, piercing stare.
Itwas none other than my ex-mother-in-law, Dorians mother.
###Chapter 107
---- VALERIA It felt as though time had frozen, taking me back to that moment when she walked into the room and saw her son dead in my hands.
Idont regret a thing.
Dorian killed my pup first, so an eye for an eye seemed more than fair.
I squared my shoulders and lifted my chin defiantly.
If she thought I was going to fear her or show her the respect I once did, she was sorely mistaken.
I knew she might try to accuse me in front of Aldric.
After all, my former friend Sophia must have seen my transformation.
But it would be her word against mine.
Lets see who the King chooses to believe.
Alpha, I didnt know there would be additional guests, Aldric said beside me, his tone as cold and sharp as ever.
Your Majesty, please forgive me for not being able to greet you personally earlier.
The Alpha didnt inform me of your arrival, she said, stepping forward and bowing with sickening servility in front of my mate.
and you are? His Majesty raised a questioning brow.
Tam currently acting Regent.
My young grandson is the future Alpha of the Autumn Forest pack, which annexed this smaller pack.
So, I manage both, she explained, and I froze in shock.
Grandson? What grandson? Dorian was her only child.
Come, my love.
Greet the Lycan King and his subordinates as I taught you, she said, and a small boy, no older than two, was placed in her arms.
Tcouldnt believe what I was seeing.
Where had this child come from? He was now bowing to Aldric as instructed.
He had to be Dorians son, possibly with Sophiaor someone else.
The timeline made it clear he was conceived while Dorian was still married to me.
Rage swirled inside me, but [held it back, doing my best not to let Aldric feel the storm of emotions threatening to escape.
She is my mate, your future Queen.
You will address her with respect, Aldric said, pulling me closer by the waist and instructing the child to call me Your Majesty as well.
Your Ma...jesh...ta the Queen, welcowait, how do you say that word, Grandma? The boy turned to ask her, then gave mea sweet, childish greeting.
I managed to smile at his innocent eyes, even as my heart shattered.
###Chapter 108
---- I knew he wasnt to blame.
I would never take my anger out on a child, but the pain was unbearable.
My son could have been this big by now.
And this pup, the result of such a painful betrayal, only made it worse.
My, what a well-behaved pup.
Im sure youll make an excellent Alpha, Aldric said, clearly pleased.
I noticed his weakness for small children, and bitterness seeped into my heart.
Imight never be a mother.
Perhaps my grandson wont become Alpha after all.
Since my sons death, its been difficult to secure his rightful place.
There are those who would see it taken from him, she said, her red -rimmed eyes dripping with feigned sorrow.
Thad never seen this hardened, calculating woman cry in all the time Id known her.
My son was murdered by a cruel, scorned woman.
That heartless harpy fled after committing her crime.
Iclenched my fists in fury, bracing for the lies and accusations to spill out.
Her gaze flicked toward me, subtle yet unmistakably threatening.
Unfortunately, we never found that wretched woman, but that no longer matters to me.
Ionly ask Your Majesty to support my grandson as Alpha.
Just as I prepared for her attack, she didnt say another word about me.
Instead, she dropped to her knees in front of Aldric.
What are you doing? Get up! Your Majesty, lam desperate.
I've done everything I can to keep these two packs afloat so close to the border.
We are loyal to you, but many covet my grandsons position as Alpha.
Hes just a child and cannot defend himself.
But if you issue an official decree, no one would dare challenge his rightful place! She even began to cry, turning it into a melodramatic plea.
She claimed her husband and son had both died young, leaving her to fend off those who would murder her grandson for his position.
She described herself as an old woman losing the support of her loyal warriors.
Raise her, Aldric ordered, and several men helped her to her feet.
We'll have dinner firstthis is not the time to discuss politics.
But I promise, before I leave, Pl visit your pack and consider your request.
I'll do it for the pup.
I tensed at his words.
[had no intention of returning to that dreadful place, and [wouldnt let Aldric support her either.
---- Ifelt sorry for the child, but if I could influence Aldric to have that woman thrown out of power, Iwouldnt hesitate.
Thank you, Your Majesty.
You are the greatest leader.
Dorian could have learned so much from you, she gushed, and I nearly vomited at her gall.
She had even given the boy the same name as her infamous son.
Seek That night, we had an uncomfortable dinner, but I hadnt even finished swallowing my food when a sentinel burst in, reporting a strange creature sighted in the forest.
It looked like a vampire and had attacked some people passing nearby.
Aldric immediately rose from the table, and so did everyone else.
Quinn, protect them with your life.
I'll go investigate, Aldric commanded, stepping onto the porch.
My love, dont do anything reckless, Valeria.
I'l hunt that creature and return quickly, alright? He stroked my hair and kissed my forehead.
I sighed and nodded, watching as he left with the Alpha and the sentinels.
Iturned to go back inside, but suddenly felt something cold splash onto my chest.
Your Highness, Im so sorry! What an embarrassmentI must be so nervous with all of this...
let me help you, said Anais, my ex-mother-in-law, her expression falsely apologetic after deliberately spilling wine all over me.
###Chapter 109
---- VALERIA "It's not necessary; Ican clean myself," I said, grabbing her hand tightly when she tried to touch me.
Tinsist, Your Majesty.
[believe its best if you let me help you," she said through clenched teeth, pulling her hand away sharply.
Ts something wrong?" Celine approached us, probably sensing the tension.
"No, dont worry.
I'll just go wash off this stain.
ll be right back," I replied, trying to force a smile.
"Valeria, dont wander off or go anywhere without us," Quinn warned, and I assured them I was only heading to the bathroom.
followed Anaiss back.
I wasnt sure what she was planning, but I was certain she wouldnt just stand idly by.
The bathroom was close, and there was no danger in a house surrounded by guards.
"Go in," she said brusquely, opening the door to the small bathroom and motioning me inside.
"This doesnt seem right, Anais.
We're alone here.
Just tell me what you want; Im not going into a bathroom with you," I said, standing in the hallway with the same defiance she was showing.
Hal [see you've truly embraced the role of Queen.
Ive heard His Majesty has promised that title to several women before, only to tire of them soon after," she sneered, looking me up and down, venom dripping from every word.
"If you brought me here to talk nonsense, you're wasting your time." I turned to leave, but she grabbed my arm tightly, digging her claws into my skin, and shoved me into the bathroom.
"Let go of me, you damn bitch!" I snarled, pulling to free myself as I pressed against the sink, spinning around to face her.
"Listen to me, Valeria.
Dont think Ive forgiven you for killing my son," she hissed, closing the door behind her.
Her venomous gaze was filled with hatred.
"For a long time, I didnt believe what Sofia told me.
I thought she was hallucinating, that maybe some creature from the Dark Realm had slipped in.
And of course, one didit was you.
How could you deceive us all?" She pointed at me, and I stayed silent, wanting to see where this was going.
###Chapter 110
---- "You know, its amazing what sorcerers can dolike extracting memories from a corpse and storing them.
Isnt that incredible?" My heart raced as I imagined what she had done.
"Ah, there it isthe expression of the old, pathetic Valeria.
I like those fearful eyes much better." "Stop playing games and tell me what you want from me!" "Now that youre the Kings new pet, I want you to convince him to recognize me as the Alpha of these packs and appoint Dorian's son as a Guardian at the palace.
I want you to adopt, perhaps, the Kings adopted son as your own." "What? Are you insane?!" This woman had completely lost her mind.
"It seems you've become quite skilled in bed.
Pillow talk is the best way to manipulate a man.
Maybe if you'd learned that sooner, Dorian wouldve paid more attention to you," she sneered, raising an eyebrow with sarcasm.
My blood boiled with indignation.
and if I dont? What will you do, Anais? Go running to the King to tattle on me?" I stepped forward, seething with rage, barely holding back the urge to unleash my power and tear this wretched woman apart.
Asking me to adopt the bastard son of my unfaithful ex-husband, to pave the way for him to become the next King, and treat him as my owndid this woman even have a heart? "Of course, I'll report you to the King.
I'll tell him you've been deceiving him all this time and show him exactly what you are," she said, opening a locket around her neck.
Inside was a small scarlet gem, which she threw to the ground while chanting strange words.
Red smoke suddenly enveloped me, clouding my vision.
I tensed, all my senses on high alert.
The first thing I heard was cries and pleas, a mans sobbing, and the terrifying screams of some strange creature.
When I opened my eyes, it felt like time had rewound to that dayin the bedroom where I had spent three years with Dorian.
Only now, Iwas killing him, transformed into Selenia.
Thad never truly seen myself, but there I was, driving my claws into an Alphas chest and tearing out his heart, crushing it in my hand.
Dorian collapsed to his knees, his last breaths escaping as blood poured from his mouth and his mutilated body.
---- Hooked at him with ruby-red eyes filled with hatred and severed his head with my enormous, razor-sharp claws.
Step by step, I approached, trembling with terror, my hand covering my mouth in horror and disbelief.
I stood before the memory of my first transformation, and then the woman I had become suddenly lifted her head.
She seemed to be looking at me, but in reality, she stared at nothing.
From her tormented eyes, tears of blood streamed, brimming with pain.
She fell to the ground amidst the remnants of that man, and that was when I regained consciousness shortly after.
Avoice spoke beside me.
"You ended my sons life.
I was the one who brought the calamity into his bed, so you owe me, Valeria," Anaiss voice declared.
Then, the memory vanished, bringing me back to the bathroom.
Bither you meet my demands, or Pll show all of this to the King.
There are more copies, and dont threaten me by calling it witchcraft.
I assure you, once he sees this, hell thank me for lifting the blindfold from his eyes." Iunged at her suddenly, grabbing Anais by the neck and slamming her against the door.
She was startled, thinking she had the upper hand, but she couldnt have been more wrong.
###Chapter 111
---- VALERIA What...
what are you doing? I'll scream..." Her pupils dilated with fear, and her heart pounded wildly.
and after seeing me, after witnessing what I become, how dare you have the audacity to blackmail me, you miserable old hag? Do you want to end up like your son?" My rough voice growled close to her, the dark energy inside me surging, the urge to kill rising again.
But I couldnt do it here; everyone would find out, and she knew that too.
"If anything happens to me, someone else will show the King.
You ll be finished, Valeria! Dont take the boy, but my position as Alphayou need to secure it for me! My son died because of you, and now the other warriors are threatening to take his place!" she stammered, trembling all over.
Think about your comfortable Queens throne.
It wouldnt be wise for me to expose you.
This way, we both win, and Pll forget you exist, forget the past..." Knock, knock, knock.
"valeria, is something wrong? Youre taking too long," Celines voice interrupted us.
"Think about it, Valeria.
Its a win-win.
Lets bury the past.
Its just a little favorit wont cost you anything," she said, clutching my hand as if to make me let go.
Ireleased her, and she immediately opened the door and ran out, terrified.
What's going on?" Celine frowned when she saw me exiting the bathroom, wiping myself off with a damp towel.
That woman is blackmailing me.
She has proof of what I am." "What?! ll tell Quinn to capture her.
We have to kill her," she said, alarmed.
"She claims to have an accomplice or several.
I dont know.
The point is, if I dont do what she asks, they'll hand the evidence to Aldric," I said as we started walking toward the exit.
The Alphas house was half-empty.
I could hear the voices of women in the kitchen, washing up after dinner and chatting.
"Damn it, explain more.
Maybe we can find a way to threaten her ourselves.
Quinn, we've got a problem..." she said to her brother as we stepped onto the porch, recounting the issue.
"Valeria, tell uswhat evidence does she have?"
###Chapter 112
---- "I need...
Ineed to walk for a bit.
Please, let me think.
My head is about to explode, okay? lL explain on the way," I said, starting to wander aimlessly.
They followed silently as I summarized what had happened in the past.
They stayed quiet, likely processing the string of misfortunes in my life, pitying me, feeling sorry for me.
Hooked up at the moon above me.
Goddess, Im so tiredtired of lying, of being afraid, of hiding.
This isnt living.
I didnt know how long I walked, but I arrived somewhere, and when I looked up, my soul shattered completely.
Thad forgotten how close this pack was to the cliff where Dorian threw me, where he ripped my baby from my womb and disfigured me.
"Guys, wait for me here.
ll be up thereyou can see me the whole time," I said over my shoulder.
They had truly taken their roles as my guardians seriously.
They nodded as I climbed the steep path leading to that place filled with painful memories.
Step by step, I approached the edge until I sat down, gazing into the distance.
Something wet began rolling down my scarred cheek, burning as if it were molten fire.
An overwhelming sadness consumed my soul.
I buried my face in my hands, sobbing quietly, holding back the guttural cries of pain threatening to escape from deep within my chest.
It felt like my entire life had been a calamity.
What good was all this power if I had never been able to protect the things that truly mattered tome? My adoptive parents, my baby, and now my love for Aldric.
Iwouldnt give in to that womans blackmail.
[wouldnt do it.
In fact, [would kill her just like I killed her son.
I felt sorry for that pupif he was even Doriansbut he wouldnt be Alpha either.
This decision would lead me down one path.
The Lycan King would finally know who I really was, and we'd see just how strong his love was.
---- QUINN Hearing Valeria cry so heartbreakingly could crush anyones soul.
Poor thing.
Shes really had a tragic life.
I never imagined her scars..." Celine trailed off beside me.
I think the scars inside her hurt more than the ones on her face," I replied with a sigh, giving her the space she needed to let it out.
"Quinn, I think its time to make a final decision.
Valeria will probably have to leave this realm soon and escape Aldric," Celine said, looking at me with serious eyes.
"We'll go with her, wherever she goes.
We'll help her develop that power to heal you.
Besides, I think this was the last Altar here, so theres nothing tying us to this realm...
Aldric is nearby," Iwarned her, sensing the Kings presence not far away.
It was time to head back.
"But...
what the hell?!" Celine suddenly exclaimed, looking up at where Valeria had been.
I quickly lifted my head too.
In mere seconds, a thick fog had engulfed the entire area, obscuring everything.
"Damn it, lets go, lets go!" I yelled as we rushed up the hill.
But out of nowhere, two vampires appeared to slow our path.
###Chapter 113
---- VALERIA In the midst of my tears, I suddenly felt disoriented.
Something dense filled my nostrils, a sharp pain pierced my head, and dizziness overtook me.
I stood up, wiping my tears, and looked around.
I couldnt see anything an opaque, white fog surrounded me, obscuring even the light of the moon.
What was I doing here? felt a bit confused, but my body tensed when I saw a woman emerge from the fog.
Sophia." [instinctively went on guard.
She had been my best friend, but she betrayed me with my Alpha, Dorian.
I saw them together yes, but when? "Did you come to celebrate your victory? To laugh at having deceived me while sleeping with Dorian?" "No, Lactually came to return this deformed thing that came out of your womb," she said, and Inoticed the bundle in her hands.
The white cloths were soaked with blood.
My heart raced with panic.
I didnt want her to unwrap what she was holdingI had a terrible feeling that knowing the truth would break me beyond repair.
Take it.
This thing is your baby.
You were bleeding to death, and I pulled it out from between your legs," she said, and I glanced down at myself.
My dress was drenched in blood.
Suddenly, a dull pain spread through my belly.
Take it now, or Ill throw it on the ground!" "No!" I screamed as she actually flung it onto the grass.
I froze, staring at what she had dropped.
I didnt want to describe itit was too horrifying.
It didnt even look like a baby.
Icollapsed to my knees, reaching out my trembling hands, tears streaming once more.
My heart shattered into pieces as I gathered the tiny body, trying to wrap it in the warmth of the bloodstained cloth.
Icradled it against my chest, wailing in anguish.
The sorrow was so overwhelming that I wished I could die right then and there.
Through the chaos in my mind, her mocking laughter and taunting words pierced through.
---- always so pathetic, drowning in tears over everything.
Thats why you ended up disgusting Dorian.
Honestly, who would want to havea child with you?" Traised my gaze, filled with fury, and locked eyes with her smug, cynical expression as she stood just a few steps away.
"Whats that? Save that furious look for your Dorian.
He should be arriving soon to take that creature out of your hands.
What a disgrace it would be for anyone to see the monster you gave birth to!" "No one is taking my child from me, you wretched bitch! NO ONE!" I screamed, my voice consumed by the darkness flooding my heart.
I carefully set the small bundle under a bush for protection while she laughed behind me, taunting me, asking what I was going to do.
She kept calling me Dorians pet, a weak omega who couldnt even protect her own child.
###Chapter 114
---- "Pll show you right now what I can do," snarled, turning and launching myself at her with all the rage I had been bottling up inside.
1 felt my body giving in to the power of transformation.
I didnt resist itI simply let the killer instinct within me take over.
Iwas a superior being.
Iremembered that now, and I would never again let an insect like Sophia rise above me.
Images of all the good I had done for her, of her betrayal at a party, in my marital bed, swirled in my mind.
My thoughts were trapped in the past, tangled and confused, screaming for blood and vengeance.
rtd ALDRIC Iwalked through the forest, following Valerias scent, though it faded at times, which worried me deeply.
The hunt for that vampire had been fruitless.
We found no solid evidence, but there were signs that those bloodsuckers had crossed the borders again.
I feared for my mates safety.
The thought of something happening to her terrified me.
Feeling her far from the house and unable to contact Quinn or Celine set off every alarm in my heart.
"Your Majesty! Help, help!" A woman suddenly emerged from the treesthe older one who managed the packs.
What happened?!" I ran toward her, dread creeping into my chest.
---- "We were attacked by that vile creature near a cliff we left behind.
Look, that thing injured my grandsons arm!" She showed me a nasty scratch on the pups arm as he sobbed uncontrollably.
"Your mate, my King, the Queen, she..." She burst into tears, unable to finish her sentence.
What happened to Valeria?! Speak, damn it!" I grabbed her shoulders, shaking her violently.
"she defended us.
It seems she was also walking in the woods.
I ran to get help, but she...
I fear it may be too late.
That creature attacked her..." I didnt think twice.
Terror and fury overwhelmed me, the same emotions I felt when my family was mutilated.
"] smell her ahead, but also smell blood.
Everythings a blurrun, Aldric, run!" Azarot roared desperately in my mind.
My skin turned to fur, my human feet to animal paws.
I sprinted at full speed and then I saw it.
Through the dense fog and an atmosphere drenched in malice, a creature of darknessan assassin vampirewas strangling a woman, holding her high in the air by her neck.
Her feet trembled, suspended in the void as she was strangled, her back to me.
Blood trickled down her claw-scarred arms, and her black hair whipped in the wind.
She wore the same dress as my Valeria.
My mate, right before my eyes, was being murdered.
Blinded by rage, I let out a deafening roar that shook the night and charged toward the cliff, cutting through the fog.
Iwould not let history repeat itself.
I would save Valeria no matter what and rip that damn vampires heart from her chest.
rtd VALERIA A furious roar tore through the night, breaking my focus on Sophia for a moment.
It had to be Dorianthat bastard was coming to finish me and my child, to erase the evidence of our existence.
But this time, it wouldnt be me who fell off that cliff and died.
###Chapter 115
---- VALERIA Ibarely had time to shove Sophias half-dying body to the side before a formidable enemy lunged at me.
I didnt remember Dorian being this strong.
He didnt look like this...
or did he? A sharp pain throbbed in my head, but I didnt have time to doubt.
It was clear he was here for my head.
Thissed in pain as claws sank into my shoulder, gripping me tightly to subdue me.
When I looked up, I found the hate-filled red eyes of a massive beast staring back at me.
Something inside my mind struggled to break free, a scream buried deep within, but I couldnt hear it because his other claw was already descending toward my head.
My hardened wings erupted from my back, and the stinger pierced through the palm of his raised hand with brutal force, taking him by surprise as it skewered straight through.
Taking advantage of the moment, I extended my claws toward his throat, but he swiftly pulled back from my attack.
Still, [saw his intent to grab my wing and tear it off.
I withdrew the stinger immediately and stepped back as well.
[hissed while he roared, and we circled each other on the cliffs edge, eyes locked, measuring one another.
Then his gaze landed on the woman lying face down on the ground, and it was like a switch flipped.
He launched at me again with incredible speed, aiming for vital points.
He was more experienced, a seasoned fighter.
Despite my superior speed and ferocious counterattacks, I sustained several deep claw wounds, my dress in tatters and my pale skin torn open.
I spread my hands and summoned my shadows, shrouding myself to confuse his senses, hiding my presence.
Ina single beat of my wings, I appeared behind him, catching him off guard.
Iextended my claws to pierce through his fur and toward his heart, but I froze just centimeters away from his muscles.
Icouldnt kill him.
Not him.
Who was this man? Dorian didnt look like this.
This was a Lycan.
And I knew Lycansone in particular who meant everything to me.
###Chapter 116
---- My hesitation in battle left me vulnerable.
I suddenly felt claws digging into my neck, and the air rushed past my ears.
The world spun as my head slammed into the ground.
I groaned in pain from the tearing in my back, and above me was a furious Lycan, straddling me, his hands around my throat.
I grabbed his wrists, trying to free myself.
[knew I could do itI could even summon the crows cawing in the distance.
My two massive black wings flapped around us, stirring up dust.
The sharp stingers could wound him fatally, but I couldnt bring myself to do it.
His grip tightened, cutting off my air.
My lungs fought desperately for breath, and my legs thrashed against the gravel.
Looked into his enraged, clouded eyes.
They were wild, incoherent.
Thousands of memories flooded my mind as if Id awakened from a nightmare.
Tears began streaming down my face.
Iwent from seething rage to sheer desperation.
This was my man, my Lycan, my mate.
Why were we doing this? How had we reached this point? I stopped struggling and extended my bloodied hand to caress his cheek.
He recoiled in disgust, growling at me, his enormous canines just inches from my face.
Aldric, its me, my love, its me, Valeria.
Recognize me.
No matter what I become, its still me, your mate," I pleaded, trying to reach his mind, which was filled with torment and barriers.
"DO NOT DARE TO MIMIC MY MATE WITH YOUR CHEAP SORCERY, MONSTER.
I WILL NOT FALL FOR THAT TRICK!" he roared in my mind.
Twas becoming increasingly certain had fallen into a vile trap, the fog lifting from my senses.
"Azarot, recognize me, wolf! Snap out of your rageits me.
They re deceiving you.
Trust me, trust your senses.
RECOGNIZE YOUR MATE!" But darkness was closing in, and I was running out of oxygen.
I didnt want to hurt him, but it seemed I might have to go to the extreme.
Iraised the two stingers, gleaming under the moonlight, aiming at his back in non-lethal spots.
I prepared to strike, but suddenly, the pressure on my neck released.
I coughed hoarsely, still gasping for air, and although he hadnt completely let me go, our gazes locked.
For a brief moment, time seemed to freeze.
---- Iwished desperately to shift back into my human form quickly.
Would he forgive me, even if he realized it was truly me? aldric, my love, its me..." My trembling hand rested on his, and my heart pounded as I saw a flicker of humanity deep within his ruby eyes.
"No!" I screamed when he was attacked from behind.
Aldric turned to face his attackers, leaving me free.
###Chapter 117
---- VALERIA Itwas another massive brown LycanQuinndripping blood from multiple wounds, who began battling Aldric, assailing him alongside Celine in her vampire form.
Iknew they were defending me, rebelling against the King for my sake.
I appreciated their loyalty, but this was not how I wanted things to end.
Everything was the result of my fears and indecision.
The forest was filled with roars and the stench of thick blood.
I began absorbing all the fog brimming with dark energy around me.
My wings beat fiercely, creating gusts of air that swept away the illusions and deceptions.
My feet lifted a few inches off the ground, and the moonlight started piercing the darkness.
But there was too much dark energy, and I was just a novice at controlling my power.
Topened my eyes just as something flew toward me, landing at my feet with a dull thud.
"Quinn! coursing through my veins would explode at any moment if I didnt rest to process it.
" Icried, utterly exhausted, on the verge of collapsing.
I felt like the dark energy But I couldnt pass out now.
I knelt beside Quinns wounded body as he struggled to stand.
He lacked the strength to maintain his Lycan form and reverted to a human, his injuries severe.
A she-wolf roared in front of usCeline in her animal formglaring ahead where Aldric was approaching.
This time, though, he wasnt blinded by rage; he seemed slightly disoriented.
"Celine, come here! Protect Quinn.
No matter what happens, dont fight Aldric anymorehell kill you.
Pll fight.
This is my battle.
Pll fight!" I shouted into her mind as I stretched out my hand to stop Quinns bleeding.
Thats when [noticed one of my hands had returned to its human form while the other remained clawed and pale, black veins crawling across almost my entire body.
Iglanced at myself briefly.
It was as if I were half-human and half-Selenia, perhaps because I was too drained to maintain my full form.
Celine leapt to lick her brothers wounds, all the while growling at Aldric.
"Va...
Valeria?" he suddenly spoke into my mind, and I looked at him, standing a few meters away from us.
Slowly, I rose to face him, clenching my fists without fear.
If he was going to condemn me, this was the moment to find out.
I wouldnt let him harm my friends.
"Its me, Aldric, m" Icouldnt finish the sentence.
###Chapter 118
---- A dark hand suddenly muffled my mouth, and an icy presence enveloped my back, yanking me forcefully into a vortex of darkness.
Panic filled me as I tried to resist, but my strength was fading.
My body was too saturated, and no matter how powerful my innate abilities were, Iwas still a novice.
"VALERIA!" Three desperate shouts echoed in my mind, but my eyes remained fixed on the Lycan now charging toward my position at the edge of the cliff.
"The Lycan King, this time, I win again.
This woman doesnt belong to youshes mine and my peoples.
Since you despise abominations, Im sending her back to her Realm," a vile voice hissed behind me as the pulling force swallowed me into an unknown place.
"Valeria, no, no...
VALERIA!" Their roars echoed in my mind until I couldnt sense anything anymore.
My eyes closed as I was consumed by the void.
I silently bid him farewell, not knowing if I would ever see him again.
Before losing consciousness completely, I caught a glimpse of something furry carrying a human figure as they leapt into the teleportation portal after me.
Perens ALDRIC "VALERIA! VALERIA!" Ikept shouting into the void at the edge of the abyss.
She slipped through my fingers againthey had taken away the one I loved most, right in front ofme.
It was all my fault.
I fell to my knees, howling at the Goddess above, filled with pain and resentment.
What kind of cruel trick of fate was this? Why did Valeria look like that? Was she truly a creature of the Dark Realm? Had she been deceiving me all this time, right under my nose, without me realizing it? Even Celinewas she one of them too? Icouldnt believe it.
But Azarot was the first to admit that we had been harming the one person we loved in this lifethe one we claimed to be protecting.
I got up desperately, stumbling toward the womans body lying on the ground.
As Lapproached, I shifted back into my human form.
With trembling, bloodstained hands, 1 ---- turned her over.
Iclenched my teeth in fury when I realized it was nothing but a lifeless decoya dummy I had been defending while attacking my true mate.
Grabbing the fake black hair of the doll, I began walking back toward the pack.
Someone would pay in blood for this carefully orchestrated trap.
###Chapter 119
---- ALDRIC Before I left entirely, I turned back to the edge of the abyss.
Her blood and mine stained the ground.
Now that the spell was broken, I could smell her clearlyI had attacked her with the intent to kill.
Only Quinn and Celine had defended her from me.
They knew, and they lied to me At least they managed to follow her to wherever she was taken.
I hoped they could protect her and buy me some time.
This couldnt have been orchestrated solely by that bastard Vampire King.
How did he know we'd come here? Everything seemed too perfectly planned, even manipulating me with reports of a vampire to.
turn me against her.
"Your Majesty! What happened? We heard fighting but didnt dare approach the fog.
Youre injuredhere, take a cloak!" "Gather all the members of your pack, except the pupsNOW!" I roared at the Alpha waiting for me with several warriors at the base of the mountain.
Iwas seeing red from desperation, but Ihad to make my mind work, uncover the truth behind all of this.
Itook the clothing they handed me, wrapping it around my hips.
I climbed onto the old wooden platform and threw the body of that thing in front of everyone.
They recoiled, forming a semi-circle in fear.
"Where is the Pack Regent?" I scanned the crowd.
If she wasnt here, her absence would betray her.
But then she stepped forward nervously.
"Your Highness, I...
Im sorry for what happened to your mate.
I didnt know" "Didnt know what? I havent even asked you anything.
What exactly are you sorry for, you damn liar?" My voice was colder than I had ever spoken to anyone before.
My oppressive aura, full of pain and fury, crushed them mercilessly.
The more I thought about it, the more my suspicions grewespecially toward this woman.
###Chapter 120
---- "I dont know anything, Your Majesty! [just thought I saw Valeria being attacked by that vampire.
I ran away in fear because she injured my grandson!" She fell to her knees, crying and begging.
"Bring me the boy.
I'll examine his wound!" I ordered the warriors, who immediately went to fetch him.
"T sent him to the central packhe was too scared!" she suddenly shouted, her entire body reeking of fear.
"Just grab her by the neck and squeeze the damn truth out of her!" Azarot growled impatiently, baring his fangs in rage.
Iwas about to follow my primal instincts when someone appeared with the boy.
"Your Majesty, Ican tell you the whole truth about Valerias past and what this woman is hiding.
Shes a traitor and a harpy." Shut up! What are you doing here? Youwhat...2!"" lunged at the shrieking old woman, grabbing her by the neck and lifting her into the air with one hand, sinking my claws into her throat.
Tf you dont shut up, P'll rip out your tongue and make you swallow it.
Think carefullyyou won't be able to defend yourself after that." She stared at me in terror, her hands clawing at mine.
I threw her to the ground, where she landed with a painful thud, crying out in agony.
"Who the hell are you? Tell me everything you know right now.
All of youtell me the truth about whats going on, or I swear by the Goddess Ill slaughter you with my own claws!" "Your Majesty, my name is Sophia.
I was the lover of the former Alpha of this pack, Dorian the son of this woman and Valerias ex-mate.
This boy is my younger brother.
He is not Dorians son at all," She began, her words unraveling the truth Valeria had fought so hard to hide, to conceal the fact that she killed that bastard Alpha because he was a creature of the Dark Realm.
"Bearing her position as pack leader was threatened, this woman took advantage of my familys misfortune in another pack where we lived" "I brought her to the hut where they were, begging her to accept them into the pack for old times sake.
But when she saw my younger brother, who looks a lot like me, she devised a plan.
She made me return with him, claiming he was Dorians secret son, ensuring she had a grandson to continue the bloodline and maintain control of the pack from behind the scenes, as she always had." "Thats a lie, Your Majesty! It doesnt make sense! How could I fool everyone into thinking the pup had Dorians scent? How could I just take a child from his mother and kidnap him like ---- that?!" The two of them started shouting at each other.
I signaled for them to bring me the boy, who was crying.
He was terrified of me, but I didnt careIneeded to see the wound on his arm.
How could [have been so stupid? It was clearly the work of werewolf clawsor rather, a she- wolf's.
###Chapter 121
---- ALDRIC Your Highness, this woman is dealing with the Dark Realm! Look at my brotherhe doesnt even remember us.
Shes convinced him hes her grandson and does everything she commands! The woman threw herself at my feet, sobbing.
shes blackmailing me with my brothers life and my parents, who are prisoners in that hut, just like she tried to blackmail Valeria.
Looklook at what shes wearing around her neck!" She lunged forward, ripping a locket from the other womans neck amidst screams and resistance.
The woman froze when I stepped closer.
activate it.
Only for me," Icommanded, taking the pendant from the girl and grabbing the other womans hair tightly.
"Try any trick, and you'll last less than you think." Trembling, she muttered a few words, activating that cursed magic, which revealed the truth through a memory.
I stepped forward, facing the strange creature I had never seen before.
It wasnt a vampire, nor a witch, nor a specter nothing familiar.
But when she raised her gaze, those intense ruby eyes filled with bloodied tears of suffering streaking down her cheeks made it unmistakable: it was my Valeria.
Iremembered that argument we had, the time she seemed like she wanted to tell me something.
So many moments when sadness and despair flashed in her eyeshow could I not have seen it? "T dont care if you reject her or hate her.
If Ihave to fight you, I will.
Iwont let myself be locked away again.
Iwill take control, Aldric, and I will go to my mate.
Whatever Valeria is, it doesnt matter.
She didnt kill our family.
Shes innocentshes mine!" "shes ours, Azarot.
Shes ours," I replied to my wolf, lowering my hand to caress the intangible dark hair of the woman now sobbing, kneeling before me and the remains of the man who had destroyed her lifeand whom I had also failed.
"Pm sorry, my love.
Im so sorry for not giving you the trust and security to believe in me.
I said I would protect you from everything, yet I couldnt even protect you from my own grudges and resentment.
You are goodI know you are good, Valeria.
It doesnt matter what race you are.
know your heart." Iclosed my eyes, swallowing the lump in my throat.
This wasnt the time to dwell on mistakes it was time to face them and fight.
opened my eyes, resolute and focused.
###Chapter 122
---- "Tell me everything you planned with the Vampire King.
What did he promise you in return, and what is your connection to the Dark Realm?" Tnever spoke to the Vampire Kingonly to a werewolf and a sorcerer.
They deceived me.
They used me.
Inever thought they would go this far.
I only did what they told me in exchange for their continued magical support to maintain my position..." "You're so foolish, thinking yourself clever, when you were nothing but a pawn they discarded in their game." looked at the woman as if she were already dead.
And once she finished confessing, under my threats, everything she had done to avenge Valerias supposed role in her sons death and to cling to her powerI grabbed her skull with my hand.
Icrushed it as she screamed, her brain slowly turning to mush between my fingers, blood splattering my legs, until it all dissolved into filth.
Then Iwalked toward the other womanSophiawho tried to escape but tripped over her own feet and fell backward, crawling away from me.
The pack members stood silent, their heads bowed.
"[ told you the truth! I told you everything I knew! My only sin was wanting to be with my mate! Valeria was the one who came between us, but I never hurt her.
It was Dorian and his motherthose two!" "You never hurt her? You're innocent?" I asked, suddenly smiling without a shred of humor, leaning over her trembling body.
"Though I appreciate you for taking that bastard Dorian off my hands, you were the root of all her suffering.
The one most to blame here is you." Textended my clawed hand toward her face and slashed it mercilessly, just as they had done to my mate.
"AAAHHHHHH!" A scream tore through the night, followed by another and another, until the silence returned.
eee VALERIA I didnt know how long Thad been unconscious, but when I finally opened my eyes, I found myself in a luxurious yet oppressive bedroom.
It wasnt the damp cell [had imagined, but I was still a prisoner.
The chain around my ankle, attached to a massive iron ring on the floor, confirmed it.
---- suddenly, the door creaked open, startling me.
A man with long, elegant black hair entered.
"Well, well, it seems the little princess is awake," he said, laughing, his sharp canines glinting and malice spilling from his murderous red eyes.
###Chapter 123
---- VALERIA Isat up immediately, pressing myself against the intricate steel headboard carved with black roses and leaves, imitating a dark garden.
My legs were pulled protectively against my chest.
The clinking of the heavy chain echoed in the room, as did his approaching footsteps at the edge of the immense bed.
Jlooked at him with a mix of fear and unease as his features became clearer: ebony-black hair, blood-red eyes, and that cynical smile on his refined lips.
"What do you want from me?" I managed to say, swallowing hard and trying to hide the trembling in my hands and voice.
He sat down calmly beside me, brushing aside the long black coat with golden embroidery.
"T think you know very well what I want from you.
Its incredible that you managed to hide all these years," he said, studying me curiously.
His hand suddenly reached for my chin, and no matter how much I wanted to escape his strong grip, I couldnt.
"How did you do it?" Iwanted to defend myself, to summon all my power, to transform and break free.
But for some reason, my body felt utterly drained, as if all my energy was being slowly siphoned away.
Even shifting into my wolf form seemed impossible.
He leaned forward, trapping me against the pillows.
I couldnt look away from those hypnotic, cruel eyes.
I dont...
1dont know what youre talking about..." Thats fine.
What matters now is that youre here.
I never imagined you would be the key," he murmured, his breath brushing against my lips like a sweet spell.
"You resemble her so much, except youre the sweet, innocent version.
A kitten compared to the tigress." "Tsk, tsk, tsk.
How could those savage beasts do this to such a beautiful face? Dont you want revenge, darling? Dont you want to wipe out that race of backward creatures? You have the power, Valeria, and I can help you wield it." He whispered, planting ideas in my mind, probing through my memories.
His finger slowly caressed my damaged cheek, and his mouth inched closer to mine.
That sweet scent flooded my mind, clouding my senses.
Icouldnt stop staring at his beautiful face, even as his hand slid sensually up my leg, pulling along the white nightgown someone had dressed me in.
###Chapter 124
---- What was happening to me? "What are you doing to me?" I asked, struggling to break free from the trance, his lips nearly brushing mine, "Get out of my head!" I shouted, regaining control and shoving his chest with all my strength, kicking at the sheets to escape his grasp.
I scrambled across the bed like a madwoman, desperate to get away, but suddenly a clawed hand gripped my ankle, dragging me back to the center of the bed.
Iwas flipped over, fighting with what little strength I had left, gasping for air and screaming at him to let me go.
He climbed on top of me, pinning my arms above my head.
"Listen carefully, princess.
I have neither the patience nor the time to deal with your resistance, so Im going to make my proposal, and I want an answer without much delay," he growled, gripping my cheeks roughly.
His murderous expression loomed over me, sending waves of panic through my body.
It felt like an invisible hand was choking me, stealing my breath.
I tried to summon all my power again, but all I felt was a searing headache, as if thousands of needles were piercing my mind.
"stop that, or you'll only hurt yourself.
You dont even have fifty percent control over your power.
You havent been nurtured with your mothers blood, so dont think you can play Selenia with me, Valeria!" he warned, his lips curling in impatience as he spat the word Selenia with obvious hatred.
"You're going to find the location of the Lunar Gate for me and activate it.
Do you understand, darling?" His fingers, which had been pressing into my cheeks, now gently stroked my scars.
Deep down, I wanted to pull away.
His touch repulsed me, but it was as if some compulsion made me falsely crave it.
We'll be unstoppable, Valeria.
I'll make you my Queen, and together we'll rule the world with an iron fist.
Every creature will bow before us.
Can you even imagine having that much power?" He leaned closer over my body, weaving his delusions of grandeur into my ears.
"And what if I refuse? What if I tell you I'd rather die than help a psychopathic megalomaniac like you achieve anything?" I shouted, shaking my head to clear the seductive fog he was weaving into my mind.
Then I spat in his face.
This bastard was the source of all the evil in this Realm, the cause of Aldrics childrens deaths and countless others.
He stepped back, laughing coldly.
I expected him to shout or insult me, but his calm demeanor ---- made my skin crawl.
He wiped my spit from his face with a finger, then licked it clean.
Bile churned in my stomach, and the ominous glow in his red eyes gave mea terrible premonition.
I didnt even see his hand rise before a powerful slap struck my face, whipping my head to the side.
hissed in pain as fine cuts opened on my cheek, and the smell of blood instantly assaulted my senses.
Before I could recover, he grabbed my long hair with such force that I thought he might tear it from my scalp.
"I figured, as your mothers daughter, youd have a rebellious streak.
What a pity.
But [have the antidote to your defiance," he sneered, dragging me roughly.
Iclutched at my hair with both hands as my bare feet stumbled against the carpet.
Inearly fell, but the relentless tugging forced me to crawl before he yanked me upright, bent forward.
"Let me go, you damn bastard! Let me go!" I fought with everything I had.
I tried to summon the crows, my wolf, the mist, my poweranythingbut nothing happened.
###Chapter 125
---- VALERIA I thought about the possibility of him removing the heavy chain from my ankle.
It seemed enchanted, and Iwas certain it was draining all my energy.
Twasnt so luckyhe didnt release me.
Instead, our steps led us to the double glass doors that opened onto a small balcony.
My eyes widened in awe as I looked out into the night.
We were high up, in an ancient castle perched on a mountain surrounded by snow anda frozen lake.
In the distance, dark walls stretched out, shrouded in cold air and a dense, dark fog that blanketed the sky.
"Since youre taking it all in, why not have a look at our guests in the plaza?" he murmured in my ear, his hand controlling my head.
My black hair blew in the strong winds from the heights, along with the thin nightgown that offered no protection against the freezing temperatures.
"No, no..." was all I could manage when I saw, far below in a wide stone plaza surrounded by walls, Celinegagged and tied, her hands bound above her head and nearly hanging from sturdy iron beams on a wooden platform.
Around her, several men sat at a small table, playing dice, whistling, hurling insults, and speaking to her lecherously.
"You know, a strong and resilient hybrid is hard to find these days," his breath brushed against my ear, his words dripping with malice.
"The vampire soldiers have quite the appetite and get bored during long hours on duty.
What do you say we enjoy a little show?" "No! What are you going to do to her?! Celi!" I screamed, but his hand clamped over my mouth.
My eyes were forced to witness what I didnt want to see, and my muffled cries were swallowed byhis grip.
I tried to resist, to break free, but I felt powerless again, just like that time on the cliff.
He was a being I still couldnt defeat.
His command had already been given, and his despicable men stood up.
Two of them climbed onto the platform while the others whistled from their seats at the table.
Celine squirmed, trying to escape their disgusting hands on her body.
She growled through the gag, and it seemed she couldnt shift into her wolf form either.
The men groped her breasts over her blouse while another slid his hands between her legs over
###Chapter 126
---- her pants, licking her neck and taunting her with filthy words.
I knew it was only going to get worse.
I struggled violently, but the Vampire King held me firmly from behind, his arm locked around my waist like a shackle, pulling me close to his body while his other hand covered my mouth.
The men began tearing at the buttons of her pants despite her kicking and resistance.
They struck her face and demanded obedience.
Then I heard a roar I had never heard before.
My tear-filled, terrified eyes darted to a corner of the plaza, to the depths of the ground, where I saw an enraged brown Lycan roaring furiously.
He was bound to iron supports, standing with his back covered in whip marks inflicted by those same men who now beat him.
Despite his injuries, Quinn hadnt stopped trying to break free to reach his sister and save her.
"Enough," I said in my mind, unable to feel the bond with them but directing my plea to someone else.
I SAID ENOUGH! STOP IT RIGHT NOW!" Even though my mind felt like it was melting from the pain, I didnt care and pushed my power harder.
The chain around my ankle began to tremble, and my gums itched.
Topened my mouth and bit him hard, spilling his filthy blood between my lips.
All [got in response was a deep, mocking laugh in my ear.
"'So, whats your answer, Valeria? Only you can make this stop.
Or we can keep watchingit doesnt bother meat all," he whispered cynically, finally removing his hand from my mouth.
"Dont hurt them anymore.
Tell them to stop, heal them, and release them.
I'll obey you," I said, closing my eyes in defeat.
"Tsk, tsk, so many demands for someone who hasnt given me anything yet, darling," he said, spinning me to face him.
The mockery in his eyes was unmistakable.
Ifyou deceive me, if you hurt them" "They'll be taken to a comfortable room, and their wounds will be tended to, but they'll remain prisoners," he interrupted, stepping closer, forcing me to retreat toward the edge.
"Take care not to deceive me, Valeria, because what you saw today was just a small game." His pale hand reached for my face, but I turned away.
I still felt his finger collecting my tears.
"Rest.
I'll return tomorrow, and we'll begin the preparations.
I have high expectations for you dont disappoint me, Valeria," he murmured, leaning in closer to whisper in my ear.
"Dont fail me, or you truly regret it." With that threat, watched him turn and walk down the hallway as if his feet barely touched the carpet.
---- I turned to look down at the plaza, where the men had finally left Celine alone, and Quinns roars could no longer be heard.
Celine suddenly lifted her head, and our eyes met across the distance.
My tears fell harder.
"Pm sorry, Celine.
Im sorry I dragged you into this," I whispered to the wind in sorrow.
They took her away, and I hoped it truly was to a better place.
I wouldnt reveal anything unless Iwas certain they were safe.
[would never abandon them.
I stepped back into the room, nearly freezing.
My numb legs gave out, and I collapsed to the floor, clutching my arms and stifling my sobs.
suddenly, [heard a crow caw, but I didnt even turn to look outside.
I was furious at them for not helping me in any way.
I tensed when I felt a weight on my shoulder.
Turning my head, I saw the wrinkled hand of an elderly woman.
"My little crow, dont hate me.
m sorry, my child, I truly am.
But now, youre where you're meant to be," she said softly.
I turned in fright to see a small woman smiling at me.
Her wrinkled features seemed kind, and she even wore a little black hat atop her gray hair.
She looked at me with warm, dark eyes and an aura of strange magic.
For some reason, she felt oddly familiar and comforting.
"Welcome home, little princess Valeria."
###Chapter 127
---- VALERIA Who...
who are you?" I stood up immediately, though a bit unsteady on my feet.
Truthfully, I wasnt afraid of the small elderly woman who barely reached my chest, but I couldnt fathom where she had suddenly appeared from.
"Come, come, dont be frightened.
You know I wont hurt you.
Lie down on the bed; the floor is too cold, and you might catch a chill," she said, gently guiding me toward the enormous bed.
She pulled back the quilt and tucked me in tenderly.
I felt like a small child as I watched her walk away to add more logs to the fireplace that warmed the chilly room.
Something about herher auramade me want to cry.
I remembered the words Id read at the last altar.
Could she be the one who called me "little crow"? "Its me," she replied, finally turning around and smiling.
She came back to the bed and climbed up, sitting beside me.
"Are you my nanny? How do you know my name? Why do you call me little crow?" I bombarded her with questions one after another.
"Yes, you could say Im your nanny.
Iwas the one who saved you from death and kept you alive, healing you little by little until I was sure you could survive," she replied with a sigh, her wrinkled hands holding mine and squeezing them.
"Valeria, listen carefully to what Im about to tell you, and please believe me.
Its your best chance to survive and reclaim your place in the world.
?You are Valeria Von Carstein, daughter of Queen Gabrielle the Merciful, ruler of the Dark Realm, and both of you are descendants of Juno and heirs to the Selenia bloodline.
The primary duty of the Selenias throughout time has always been one thing: to guard and keep the Lunar Gate sealed.
This gate is the entrance to the prison of Umbros, the King of the Specters.
No one knows how often it happens, but the seals on the gate begin to weaken periodically, and a Selenia must return to reinforce them.
Some never faced this task, but unfortunately, when your mother was about to give birth to you, the Goddess warned her in a dream that she needed to strengthen the magic of the gate.
The person she trusted most was her General and right handthe current Vampire King.
So, she gave birth to her treasure and left you in his hands, under the promise that he would ---- lead the Realm and care for you until you came of age, at which point he would return to being your General.? "Why didnt she leave me with you? And what about my father?" I asked, unable to understand how my mother could have entrusted me to that vile, infamous vampire.
Your father died.
And actually, she did leave you with me, Valeria, secretly resting within you.
Not even the Vampire King knew.
She did it as a precaution, never imagining that I would truly need to intervene," she explained, and her words only deepened my confusion.
?The Vampire King wasnt always corrupted by power.
He was once a bright and kind young man.
But somewhere along the way, the seed of evil took root in his heart.
He was so deceptive and cunning that even Gabrielle couldnt uncover his true intentions.
When she gave birth to you, she hardly had any time with you.
She drained a significant portion of her blood and left it for him to nourish you.
Selenias need their mothers strength as they grow to fully develop their powers.
He stole Gabrielles blood and used it for his own benefit.
Then, he took you to the bottomless cliff at the edge of the Forbidden Mountains, plunged a poisoned dagger into your tiny chest, and threw you off? She lowered her head, and I saw tears rolling down her cheeks.
?I saw it all.
[witnessed his hatred and betrayal.
It hurt so much.
Thats when I fully awakened and took corporeal form outside of your tiny body.
Tcaught you with my wings before you hit the bottom.
We hid in the mist, and I escaped with you, barely alive in my hands.
It took me centuries to nurture you little by little with my magic in a hidden cabin in the forest.
Day by day, I fought to keep you alive, surrounding you with my life force.
Sometimes I thought I wouldnt be able to draw all the poison from your veins, and I felt you slipping away.
But I did it.
Even though I used up all my energy, I saved you.
But I couldnt protect you any longer.
I was nearly depleted, and my magic was on the brink of extinction.
You remained in your infant form, suspended in time without growing.
But once you began to return to life, I couldnt care for you anymore.
So, despite the risks, I decided to take you out of this Realm.
You didnt have much power.
You hadnt been nourished by your mothers blood.
The poison had stunted your development.
You would grow up as a weak omega womanI knew that.
But you would have a chance to survive among the wolves? "Did you...
were you the one who left me at that altar in the forest, where my adoptive parents
###Chapter 128
---- found me?" She nodded, then sighed.
"During the time I spent recovering my magic, I occasionally sent my crow emissaries to watch over you, to help when I could.
I know how much you suffered, my princess, my beloved child we had hoped to raise in the palm of our hand, only for you to be humiliated like that." She covered her face with her hands, full of sorrow, and tried to compose herself after a few moments.
"When I recovered, I began planning your return.
I disguised myself as a seer witch and told the Vampire King about you.
I knew you could read the altars where he wasted your mothers blood trying to decipher them.
I needed him to search for you in the Werewolf Realm and bring you back, guiding him to where we wanted him to go." "TI dont understand," I said.
"Why didnt you come for me yourself? The crows have been helping me.
Pve already started to.
harness some of my power on my own.
Why did you make me suffer even more?" I couldnt help but confront her.
My head ached from all the information.
How could my life have been so tormenting? This time, we'll pay him back in kind, Valeria.
I needed the Vampire King to believe he was the one who found you and brought you to the palace, without suspecting, thinking that you would lead him to the Lunar Gate under his threats, but thats not the case" "Oh, no?" "No, you'll lead him exactly where he wants to go, because thats where he'll meet his death.
You cant destroy himneither can Ibut theres someone who can.
Someone whos been waiting to repay his betrayal.
We need to deceive him and lead him to her." "You had to return to the palace because it holds the passage to the path leading to the Lunar Gate." "Who exactly are you? You've told me so many thingswhy should I believe you? You're a witch working for the Vampire King.
What assures me this isnt one of his tricks to get into my mind?" The thought suddenly occurred to me, but she simply smiled.
"Pm no witch, Valeria.
Im not even a real person, Iam the materialization of your mother Gabrielles magic," she said, leaving me in shock, astonished.
"Every Selenia is part wolf, part vampire, and part magic.
You were unable to fully develop yours, but I can connect with you because Im part of your mother and now part of you." Valeria, your mother feels she has failed you in so many ways.
I, too, feel I didnt do enough.
But its time to make things right.
Trust me, little crowwe will give you the vengeance you deserve." "My mothershes alive? Then why doesnt she come to defend us?" ---- "Yes, she is alive, but its complicated.
She needs your help to rise again.
We'll lead him to her coffin to free her." Theres one more thing you must know, and you must hide it very well, little one.
The Vampire King cannot find out.
Valeria, you're pregnant with the Lycan Kings child." See "Pll do it.
Pll lead you to the Lunar Gate," I told that damned Vampire King the next day, agreeing to his request.
"Excellent.
It seems you're smarter than I thought," he said, nodding in satisfaction.
"T have one condition: my friends.
They come with us, always by my side, where I can see theyre safe," I demanded, and he immediately agreed.
The euphoria in his eyes was unmistakable.
He left quickly to make preparations while I lowered my hand to lovingly caress my belly.
Please, Goddess, let this madness end well.
peers ALDRIC I fell asleep again in her small room, where most of her things were still kept.
Iclutched her nightgown in my hand, pressing it against my chest, which ached agonizingly.
My wolf was desperate to break free and run after our mate.
But I couldnt recklessly storm into the Dark Realm.
I was already mobilizing troops from every pack.
I'd barely slept, and by morning, we would head to the borders.
Suddenly, I tensed.
I felt a disturbance in the air.
Someone had slipped in through the small window now flapping in the wind.
"Who's there?! Show yourself now!" I shouted into the empty space, and before me, dark mist formed, taking the shape of a small elderly woman.
Ibraced myself to fight.
How had a witch managed to infiltrate my palace? "Dont be so quick to finish me off, Lycan King.
Ive come to make you a proposala way for you to see your mate, even accompany her, but only under my terms," she said, leaving me stunned.
I knew it was madness.
How could I trust a creature of darkness? But in the end, love drives the greatest acts of madness.
And of course, I said yes.
###Chapter 129
---- VALERIA Ipaced nervously back and forth in the stifling room, chewing my nails and unable to sleep.
My hand protectively caressed my belly.
Now, this was my prioritykeeping my pup safe.
I couldnt believe it when Nana told me.
It seemed like a cruel lie, but I saw it! She showed me with her magic the life of my baby growing inside me! A smile appeared on my lips without me being able to stop it.
had to hide it deep down; no one else could find out.
Only Nana and I knew.
My withered womb had somehow blossomed.
She told me it was the miracle of true lovethe powerful blood of his father and my power awakening.
She even said she could fix my face, but I refused.
Of course, I dont want to stay like this forever, but for now, the best thing is to remain unnoticed before the Vampire King.
"aldric," whispered his name, sitting on the bed, missing him like crazy.
He seemed to recognize me.
Will he at least try to win me back? Does he hate me now for lying and deceiving him? "Love, we're having a pup," I lowered my head with a lump in my throat, staring at my still- flat belly.
Aconstant tapping on the balcony door startled me.
I got up as best I could with that damn chain around my ankle and walked slowly, a bit afraid.
Itwas like a pecking sound, Could it be Nana? She said shed come with me on the journey, but hidden somehow.
The Vampire King couldnt know that the old seer witch was my ally.
"Nana?" I whispered, taking a few steps.
Why doesnt she just come in like last time? In an instant, a strong gust of wind swirled through the room, the two balcony doors swinging open violently, making me shut my eyes for a second.
I instinctively protected my belly with my hands.
Theard flapping and a caw.
When I opened my eyes, a beautiful raven with glossy black feathers shimmering under the moonlight flew in towards me.
---- I stretched out my hands to catch it in the air, and it landed gently on them.
"Nana, is that you?" I asked, bringing its dark eyes close to mine.
Its response was strange.
Its sharp beak gently caressed my cheek, over and over, as if anxious.
"I'm fine, Nana.
Nothing has happened since you left," I said, pressing it against the curve of my neck where it kept rubbing its head and fanning its wide wings.
Ifit kept that up, it would go bald.
Haha, look at your feathers, you look like one of those scruffy birds." I smiled, smoothing the black feathers on its head and neck.
It closed its eyes in contentment.
I suppose ravens like being groomed, though shes not a real raven.
Idont understand any of this, but Im grateful for her support and feel safer with her around.
"Lets close the door, its too windy," I said, walking toward the balcony.
But as I reached it, she cawed again and flew to something shining on the floor.
I stepped outside and picked it up.
It looked like an ancient necklace with a long silver chain.
The pendant's design was exquisite, depicting a raven flying over a crescent moon.
"Do you want me to wear it?" asked, and she cawed again.
Cant she just speak to me in my mind like werewolves do? Well, I wasnt about to start acting all Miss Perfect.
I took the delicate chain and placed it around my neck, tucking it inside the neckline of my dress.
Icarried my raven guardian back inside, shut the door, and waited for the first rays of sunlight to finally appear.
At some point, I fell asleep, leaning against the headboard, hugging Nana against my chest, waiting for that damn vampire.
BAM! The door swung open abruptly, startling me awake.
I quickly sat up, frightened, wondering how I would explain the raven in my hands.
After all, I couldnt say that I had used my little bit of magic, because that shackle drained all my energy.
"Good morning, little princess.
I hope you slept well," he said, walking toward the bed with a powerful stride, dressed entirely in black.
###Chapter 130
---- "I would have slept better in my own bed," I replied gruffly.
"Sure, [hope you're not referring to the Lycan King's castle bed, because at least here, you still have your head," he mocked, and I almost had to bite my tongue to keep from responding.
Ican't give him a reason to hurt me and put the pup in danger.
Then I saw him pull a golden key from his pocket and approach the lock that held me captive.
Was he going to set me free? Did he really not fear that I might attack him? If you try anything, believe me, your little friends will pay the price.
Theyl come with us, of course, but as a warning if you deceive me or try any tricks, say goodbye to those mangy brothers," he warned me, and I heard the click of the shackle unlocking my ankle.
Instantly, that draining sensation left my body.
"What are you going to do to them?! If you so much as touch a hair on their heads...!" "Don't threaten me, little girl," in a blink, he was on top of me, digging his long nails into my cheeks.
"Keep your hatred in your eyes, Valeria, because Im not an enemy a defect like you can defeat.
One tiny stupid move, and boomyour friends brains will be splattered all over.
Got it? Or do I need to give you a practical demonstration?" "] understand," I said through clenched teeth, cold sweat trickling down my spine as I stared into his murderous red eyes.
"Wash up and get ready.
You have five minutes.
ll be waiting outside," he ordered with contempt and slammed the door behind him.
I caressed my chest where the pendant vibrated warmly.
I could feel the anger and rage radiating from it.
It seemed like this would be the hiding place.
"Calm down, Nana.
We'll get our revenge, just be patient," I murmured and got ready to begin this madness.
fob Half an hour later, I walked down the long corridors, following his back.
Behind me, several men dressed as warriors followedthey were vampires.
We arrived at enormous doors that the King opened with a creaking sound, granting access to what appeared to be the throne room.
Tall columns held up the vaulted ceiling, and delicate chandeliers with cobweb-like designs cast a dim glow over the space.
---- At the far end, a staircase covered in red velvet led up to two golden armchairs with plush burgundy cushionsthe thrones of the monarchs.
Quinn, Celine!" I ran toward them the moment I spotted them standing in a corner.
"I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry.
Have they done anything to you after what happened in the plaza?" Thugged them, nearly crying, the memories of seeing them suffer tormenting me with guilt.
In the end, they were here because of me; they were now in danger because of my actions.
"We're fine, calm down, Valeria, we're fine," Quinn replied, patting my back.
Ipulled away, my eyes red, examining them to make sure they werent actually hurt.
They seemed clean and dressed in decent clothes.
There were no visible wounds, but there was something new around their necks.
Thick dark steel collars, like chokers, and I could bet anything they were enchanted.
"Don't do anything that puts you in danger, promise me," I took their hands, and they exchanged complicated looks.
Iknew very well they were planning how to free me and escape.
I didnt dare speak to them through the werewolf universal bond; I didnt know how powerful the Vampire King was.
"Guys, promise me," Everything will be fine, I have a good plan, I mouthed, turning my back to the others, only for their eyes to see.
"We wont do anything...
not like we can do much anyway," Celine touched her neck, making it clear the collar was a threat.
"Have you finished your emotional reunion, or should I fetch a handkerchief for your tears?" I heard that hateful mans voice and turned around with a sigh, ready to comply with his plans.
"T'm ready."
###Chapter 131
---- VALERIA Then come, step closer to this table," he led me to a massive oval-shaped marble table with a gigantic map spread across it.
Some areas were drawn out, while others appeared opaque and concealed.
"Bring me the box!" he ordered, and they brought him a small wooden box.
It looked familiar, and when he opened it and showed me the contents, I recognized the stone I had once touchedpretending it was harmlessonly to have it burn my hand.
This stone is made from the Mother Altar, the very first one, located at the Lunar Gate.
Its a relic of your race.
Take it with one hand and extend the other to me," he commanded arrogantly, leaving me no choice but to obey.
My trembling fingers reached for the dark rock that seemed to glow as if it had minerals inside.
Iremembered all too well the pain it had caused me last time, but now I only felt its calllike an invisible thread pulling me toward something sacred and incredible.
The cold touch finally met my hand as I lifted it from the velvet-lined box.
This time, it didnt burn meas it did before, and a deep longing swelled in my heart.
"Stretch out your other hand," he ordered, and I didonly to hiss in pain when he mercilessly sliced a deep wound into my palm with a dagger.
Pour your blood over the stone and summon your power to call the silver relics from all the altars.
Ihave several here, but others were left scattered." lobserved some of those artifacts I recognizedtwo of them remained secured in Aldric's castle.
Could they be summoned here? My blood dripped onto the stone from my wound.
I didnt know how to do it, but I closed my eyes and followed my instincts.
The stone began to heat up, glowing red, and I could even feel steam escaping through its cracksyet it didnt burn me.
I felt the urge to press it against that idiot Kings face and roast him once and for all.
Ipushed aside my hatred, focusing on the shape of the relics.
Slowly, images of each one appeared in my mind, even some I had never actually seen before.
Words whispered in my head in an ancient language, and my lips moved, reciting them.
I felt
###Chapter 132
---- the magic stirring, swirling around me, making my dress and hair billow.
Over and over, I chanted, the relics glowing brighter in the darkness of my memories until a sudden dizziness overwhelmed me.
I felt my strength and energy draining away.
My legs buckled, and I was about to collapse to the ground, but the King caught me, holding me up.
"Let me go," [pulled away despite my weakness, disgusted by his touch.
"Tsk, tsk.
So weak.
You barely summoned a bit of magic, and look at youon the verge of fainting.
You're nothing compared to Gabrielle," he clicked his tongue in irritation.
His cynicism made me grind my teeth in hatred.
Who was really to blame for my lack of development? "Well, at least you accomplished the goal," he said, looking at the table.
I followed his gaze, somewhat astonished.
A magical artifact had formed from all the scattered pieces, fusing into a single silver .
It resembled a small box, adorned with intricate silver patterns, and in the center, a white light emanated from within.
"ask it for the location of the first passage.
Come on, you're too slow!" he urged impatiently, his eyes glinting with greed.
I didnt know how to do it, how to command such an ancient magical .
"Can you please show me where the first passage is?" asked humbly, feeling ridiculous, bracing myself for the vampires scorn.
However, the artifact understood me.
It floated above the table before my astonished eyes and opened in half, revealing a glass-like surface inside.
But instead of my reflection, I saw a routethrough tunnels and corridors, rooms and dungeons, hidden passages, and concealed doors within this castleleading to an insignificant, small, old door.
Beyond it, down a set of stone stairs, lay an expanse of blue water with waves and wind.
[had never been there, but I had heard of it.
It had to be the sea.
"Theres a ship," I murmured, and then the vision faded.
It seemed that only I could see it, judging by his confused expression.
"A ship? So, its across the sea.
How did I never think of that? Magnificent! We'll depart immediately.
Put the artifact back in the box until we use it again.
Now, lead me to the ship." He barked orders left and right.
Carefully, I placed the artifact back into the chest and glanced at Celine and Quinn, who looked restless.
---- Everything will be fine, guys," I dared to reassure them without giving any details.
ee Ted the Vampire King through the castles depths, followed by his guards escorting Celine and Quinn.
I truly hoped Iwas doing the right thing by leading this psychopath to such a dangerous place.
"This is it," I said after descending the narrow, damp stone stairs.
"I didnt even know this part of the castle existed," Iheard him say behind me.
Of course, you dont know much, because you're not its rightful owner.
I pushed against the wooden door, which creaked with a rusted, eerie sound.
The scent of salt and the cries of seagulls filled the air.
I stepped out into another stone corridor, and then the intense light made me blink in irritation.
We stood on a small dock where the vast sea stretched before us, and a beautiful dark wooden ship awaited.
Its white sails billowed, ready to set sail.
Magic is truly extraordinary.
Load everything aboard.
Selenia embarks first." Iclutched the pendant against my chest, feeling the warmth it radiated deep in my soul, and walked toward my destiny.
###Chapter 133
---- VALERIA The sea was far more extraordinary than I had ever imagined.
Having always been confined within the packs, inside the Realm of the Werewolves, I would never have had access to this endless view of water merging with the darkness of the sky on the horizon.
The moon shone above us, while the wind and magic propelled the sails toward the destination marked on the map the Vampire King had brought.
Iwrapped a shawl over my shoulders and stepped out onto the small balcony of my cabin.
It wasn't the best, but it wasn't bad eithera little bed tucked into a corner, with a round table and a chair to take meals.
What I liked the most was the privacy and this tiny balcony overlooking the stern of the ship, where I stood, gazing at the stars.
Every cabin, every plank, every nail, the waves brushing against the hullI could feel it all.
This vessel moved by my will, and if I didnt want it to, no one could make it budge, unless it was another Selenia.
Celine and Quinn had been placed in a secluded room within the watchmens quarters, but they were safe and in one piece.
Suddenly, the pendant around my neck began to vibrate and heat up.
A black mist clouded my vision, and the next moment, I heard the caw of a raven.
"Nana, can you come out now?" She immediately flew and perched on my hands, repeating her usual gentle pecks on my cheek.
Ikissed her little head; she seemed so adorable.
I suppose this level of connection we share exists because, in reality, this magic has always been a part of me.
"Nana, Im doing what you told me, but I'm still scared.
If we fail, we'll be placing great power into that psychopath's hands," I whispered with worried eyes as she settled on the wooden railing.
and then there's the pup...
If something happens to the baby this time, I don't think Pll be able to bear it," I placed one hand on my belly and the other over my face.
Thavent been able to sleep from the anxiety, and I know it's affecting me.
Despite the ship being sturdy, the rocking still makes me a bit nauseous.
Then, the sudden silence surprises me.
###Chapter 134
---- Tuncover my eyes to see the black raven, frozen, staring intently at my belly with her dark, beady eyes.
"Nana?" Dear Goddess, shes not moving.
Did she just have a stroke? What nonsenseIm thinking like shes a regular old woman.
She lifted her head and looked at me, then back at my belly.
"Is there something wrong with the pup?" Anxiety began creeping in.
I stepped closer to the railing, letting her press against my belly over the dress, and she did.
She spread her wings and tilted her head to the side with her eyes closed.
Honestly, the whole situation looked a bit ridiculous, as if a raven were hugging my belly.
Still, [et her be.
Something about her actions gave me warmth, and I didnt feel as lonely anymore.
There must be nothing wrong with the pup.
"Thank you for being here, Nana, for everything.
I wish this pup had a father to recognize him, someone by my side so that both of us could give him lots of love." Lowered my gaze in melancholy and stroked her feathers with my fingers.
T suppose he will only have us; we will give him enough love so that he never feels alone." A tear slipped from the corner of my eye, and I wiped it away.
I missed Aldric so much.
I'd give anything to be by his side, but instead, I clutched my raven close to my chest, caressing her.
For some reason, her presence drove away my fears and eased my longing.
ered ALDRIC When that cunning old woman told me I'd see my Valeria, but under her conditions, I never imagined it would mean turning into a damn birdwith feathers, a beak, claws, and all.
Ablack raven, to be precise.
I couldn't speak to her through the mind link or tell her in any way that I was with her, which was absolute agony.
But at least, it was an opportunity.
Finding her safe and sound in that castle eased my anger a little, though I couldn't stop thinking about how stupid I had been to trust that witch.
---- Iwas both happy and worried, filled with hate and rage.
How dare that bloodsucking idiot treat my woman like this?! I struggled to break free from the magic of the pendant, but once again, that stubborn old woman wouldnt let me and kept urging me to be patient.
Patiencefor what? No matter her explanations, all I wanted was to take Valeria back to the safety of my Realm.
But now, I was trapped under the conditions I had agreed to.
Iwanted so badly to tell her, "My love, I don't hate you.
You dont have to worry about that.
I'm adamn brute.
It doesnt matter what your race isI love you.
Lets go home." Seeing the surprise and joy on her face.
However, Valeria almost gave me a heart attack.
Can this damned bird body even die from shock? "aldric, our mate said...
she said...
why can't I feel it?" My wolf was stunned, and this strange raven vision just kept examining her belly.
"Js she pregnant with our pup?" My heart pounded wildly as she stepped closer with concern.
All could do was press against the fabric of her dress, trying to sense the pup.
Iclosed my eyes, searching deep within for the bond that connected them to my blood.
"aldric, Valer Azarot was ecstatic, and if a raven could smile, I'd be grinning ear to ear right now.
she's pregnant with our pup.
Our mate is going to havea little one for us!" But then, her anxiety and loneliness hit me like a ton of bricks.
Her words were like stones sinking me further.
"No, baby, you're not alone, my love.
I'm right here, right here with you" Inestled against her chest and let her stroke my feathers.
The sensations were so strange yet so familiar.
These were my beloved mates hands.
I had to protect her and our pup.
The thought of them being here, so close to danger, was becoming unbearable.
"Nothing will happen to them, Ican assure you.
But you must stop being so stubborn, King Lycan, and see clearly what I wish to show you.
When the time comes, you will have the chance to defend your family." The old womans voice spoke to me again from within the pendant where she was hiding.
What was it she wanted me to see? Soon, another reality of the Dark Realm unfolded before my eyesone I had never imagined.
###Chapter 135
---- VALERIA The magical artifact had taken the form of this ship but in miniature, sailing above the map the Vampire King had placed on the captain's cabin table.
Where is it taking us now?" he asked, sounding exasperated.
"I dont know.
I just want to get to the Lunar Gate.
I dont know the exact path," I replied just as irritably.
The night had passed, and the first rays of sunlight were peeking over the horizon, yet the dense mist surrounding us made visibility difficult.
"]want to see my friends" Land ahead!" someone shouted from the deck before he could answer me.
He hurried out, shoving me aside rudely, and I followed him, climbing the ladder to the deck.
My feet touched the wooden planks as I emerged.
Many of his soldiers were already there, all staring in the same direction.
I fixed my gaze on the point they were looking at, the direction we were heading.
Soon, the silhouette of what looked like a small island began to take shape.
No one spoke; the atmosphere was oppressive.
I pulled my shawl tighter around me to shield myself from the cold.
looked up at a high cliff, where an old structure stooda crumbling house with a dilapidated bell tower.
The ship sailed on, revealing a larger island, the main one.
Small boats passed us by, their occupants presumably fishermendidnt even lift their heads to glance at us.
Their indifference was unsettling.
The whole place gave mea bad feeling, and when the ship docked itself at a rickety pier, I realized we would have to disembark at this eerie site.
"Valeria, Celine isnt doing well!" Quinns alarmed voice suddenly burst into my mind, startling me and putting me on edge.
Iran to where they were staying.
"Let her do whatever she wants.
Prepare to disembark!" I heard the King order behind me.
Irushed down into the ship's depths, nearly running through the narrow hallway of cabins until I reached theirs.
###Chapter 136
---- Before I could knock, the door opened from the inside, and Quinn, his face full of anguish, invited me into the cramped space.
Shes gotten worse suddenly.
Its those attacks she used to have, but its been years since the last one," he explained as I hurried to sit on the small bed where Celine lay trembling, her body burning with a dangerously high fever.
She suddenly started coughing violently, clutching her chest with a pained expression as if she were suffocating.
"Celine!" I supported her as she sat halfway up, and Quinn quickly positioned himself behind her to hold her upright, ensuring she didnt choke on her own blood.
"Pass me that piece of cloth!" the lycan urged me.
I spotted the torn fabric of what looked like Quinns undershirt on a nearby table.
With trembling hands, I handed him the improvised handkerchief, which he pressed to Celine: blood-stained mouth.
Nana, whats happening? Whats wrong with her?" "Her internal energies are fighting for dominance, but neither is strong enough to suppress th￠ other.
She needs healing tonics from a witch to hold on in the meantime," Nana answered in my mind before falling silent again.
I knew she couldnt expose herself, but it was so frustrating to do nothingto not use the powers or magic I had inherited, whatever they were.
I wanted to help Celine.
After all, they had risked their lives following me so I could save her, and I felt more useless than ever.
"Pm...
Pm okay.
Dont worry, Ican get up," Celine tried to stand, her body trembling all over.
She looked awful, barely able to keep herself upright.
Quinn helped her.
We need to disembark and find a healer, Celine.
She can help you for now.
We won't leave here without treating you, I promise," I vowed, looking at the two siblings with all the determination I could muster.
But fulfilling my promise didnt go as planned.
ee "My friend needs help," I told the Vampire King once we were on deck and ready to disembark.
What kind of help? Blood to feed on?" he asked mockingly.
"No, she urgently needs a healer." "That will delay us," he confronted me coldly, and the tension on the deck was palpable.
---- "T wont take another step if Celine doesnt get better.
In case you havent noticed, Vampire King, the magical artifact hasnt indicated any other location," I said, glancing toward the small box where it was safely stored.
The message was clearif they didnt treat Celine, he would have to find his damn door alone.
Our gazes locked, practically sparking with intensity.
Deep down, Iwas terrified of his oppressive and murderous aura, afraid he might suddenly attack.
My thoughts always circled back to protecting my pup.
"Eine.
Put on those gray hoods.
You're my subjects, and Im a nobleman.
We'll go into town to find a healer.
And Valeria, you'd better hurry up afterward, or I might just rip your friends head off to save time." He turned his back to don the heavy concealing hood.
I clenched my fists and swallowed my anger, waiting silently.
I grabbed my cloak and walked over to help Quinn dress Celine.
She was pale and weak, her temperature still rising.
Iwas terrified of what might happen.
We descended the ships narrow stairs, and a scruffy-looking man was waiting for us at the decrepit pier.
"Welcome to 'Happy Witch Town," he greeted us with yellowed teeth, though there didnt seem to be anything happy about this half-ghostly, decaying place.
###Chapter 137
---- VALERIA "My lord is just passing through; show me the best place to rest in this...
peculiar little town," I heard from my position, surrounded by the Kings guards.
It seemed he didnt like to announce his arrival, which struck me as odd, considering how narcissistic he obviously was.
Of course...
right away, your lordship.
This way to the finest inn in our town," the grinning man, nearly skin and bones, with a balding head that matched this decrepit village, immediately began guiding us.
We walked along the cobblestone streets, and my gaze subtly wandered over the old buildings that barely stood upright.
Poverty and decay loomed in every corner, with curious eyes peeking from behind dark windows.
Thad never been to this realmwere all the villages like this? Honestly, even the poorest pack in the Werewolf Realm was a paradise compared to this place.
"This is the best inn, and they also have a restaurant.
Mr.
Arthur makes the best broths..." he pointed to a two-story building at the end of the street.
"Enough with the chatter.
Tell me, where can we find the towns healer witch?" the guard speaking on behalf of the King asked, making the guide suddenly fall silent.
I glanced at him from under my hoodhe looked nervous now, and his wide grin of dirty teeth had turned stiff.
"Are you deaf?!" "No, no, it's just...
there's only one in town.
Madame Augusta.
She lives down this street, in a green house," he quickly responded after the vampires order.
"Good, now get lost.
Your stench offends my lord," the guard dismissed him with disdain.
"But...
L..
of course, sir.
Enjoy your stay," he muttered, lowering his head and stepping aside as the entourage continued.
He no longer looked as cheerful and excited.
I realized he had been expecting at least a few coins for guiding us from the dock.
"wait!" I called out as I saw him dragging his feet towards a dark alley.
He turned, doubt flickering across his face.
"T'll go to the healers house to take Celine.
The sooner we get this over with, the sooner we can
###Chapter 138
---- continue the journey, right?" I muttered through gritted teeth at the idiot King, who stared at me with his red eyes beneath his dark hood.
"Fine, but dont take too long.
I'll be waiting here, dear," for some reason, his words and the mocking smile on his face gave mea very bad feeling.
"And remember, Valeria, those collars arent just for decoration." His threat made me take several deep breaths, swallowing my hatred.
I think that after Dorian, this man had earned second place on my list of most despised peopleeven above my ex- mother-in-law.
"Come on, Quinn, quickly, let's take Celine," Quinn nodded, shooting a venomous glare at the vampires backs.
If [was furious, I could only imagine how he felt.
After all, he was a powerful lycan forced to bow his head and swallow his pride.
"Good sir, please lead us to the healer witch's house," I approached the man and discreetly pulled two coins from the sash of my dress.
Fortunately, I had always carried them hidden in my clothing.
He took them in his ragged hand, and his smile returned.
He seemed to be some kind of hybrid or perhaps a low-ranking vampireI couldnt quite tell.
"Come, come, Ill take you," and so the three of us moved forward.
Quinn carried Celine in his arms; she looked awful.
We followed him down a narrow alley.
The clouds blocked the suns light, and the dampness in the air encouraged the growth of mold and moss in every dark corner.
The breeze carried the scent of rotting wood.
But amidst all that poverty, at the end of a wider street, stood a large green house with a white fence surrounding it.
It looked beautiful and imposing, a gem of emerald among coals.
The plants in the small front garden thrived with remarkable vigor and beauty, unlike the rest of the town, where everything seemed dead.
Was it really the witch who lived there? Ascene was unfolding in front of the entrance, and we became silent witnesses.
Please save my little Henry, I beg you, save him, Madame! Hes such a good boy, he doesnt deserve to die! I'll do whatever you ask, I'll be your slave, Ill wash, iron, and clean your house, Tcan cook! Pll work like a mule for you!" a poor woman wailed, clinging to something in her arms.
She was facing away from us, so we couldn't see clearly.
---- Two massive men stood guard at the small white gate, blocking her path.
"Shut up already, for the Goddess' sake!!" A shrill voice startled us all, and the woman's cries immediately reduced to quiet sobs as she trembled on the ground.
An obese woman, dressed impeccably in blackher hair just as dark, streaked with a few white strandsstepped out of the house.
"How many times are you going to bother me at my doorstep? You know the rules! Is your brat anoble vampire of pure blood? No, he is not," she snapped at the woman, waving her chubby hand impatiently.
The disgust and fury in her green eyes were evident, as if she were looking at a pile of filth.
"Please, Madame, have mercy! He's just a pup, its not his fault that he isnt a noble vampire.
Save him, please, you can take my life in return if you want!" the woman crawled on her knees towards her, even lowering herself to kiss the witchs black-heeled shoes.
Madame didnt stop her.
Instead, she reveled in it, a smug expression spreading across her wrinkled face.
She clearly enjoyed being begged.
"Tcan lower the price by three coins, but not a single one more! You have to pay like everyone else.
His Majesty decreed the tax.
Only if you're a pure vampire is it free," she declared mercilessly.
###Chapter 139
---- VALERIA "Three...
three coins? I...
I only have this, I can't pay that much! You know no one here can afford such an expensive tax!" "Then complain to the King, not me.
Get her out of here, and if she resists, beat her until shes unconscious and shuts her mouth!" She kicked the womans hand before turning to leave, and the two tarnished coins she had been holding rolled across the ground.
The poor, ragged woman lunged to gather them, crying, and immediately, those menlike predatorstried to drag her away from the door into an alley.
When she turned, I saw the little bundle in her armsit was a child, barely a year old, as thin as she was, just like the grinning man who had been guiding us, like everyone else hereexcept for that witch and her guards.
"Leave her alone!" I couldn't help but intervene, especially for the child.
It was obvious they would beat her mercilessly, or worse.
I pulled the woman into my arms, and when the men made a move to attack me, a threatening growl echoed beside me, followed by Quinn stepping in front of us protectively.
"Who are you to interfere in our business?" one of the guards asked gruffly, eyeing Quinn with suspicion.
"We just need to bring a patient.
Is this Madame Augustas house?" I tried to mediate, not wanting to start off on the wrong foot.
The woman in my arms whispered her thanks and stepped aside with the guide, who seemed to know her.
---- "Tam Madame Augusta.
Who are you, stranger?" That unpleasant woman appeared at the door again.
"My name is Valeria.
We came to see you to get help for my friend," I showed her Celines face under the hood, and she examined her witha raised eyebrow.
"T can give her a tonic to regain some strength.
The treatment costs 100 coins," she stated bluntly, and I was left in shock.
Was it really that expensive, and not even a permanent cure? Ilowered my gaze, pulling out the small leather pouch from my sash and checking its contents.
If I had 30 coins, it would be a lot.
"I...
can you treat her with 30 coins? I have...
I have this pretty hairpin and this..."" [thought about the most valuable thing I hadmy pendantbut Icouldnt give it away under any circumstances.
"Does everyone think this is a charity today? 100 coins or nothing.
Unless your friend is a pureblood vampire, which clearly she is not.
Get them out! "No, no, wait!" I stepped forward desperately.
For amoment, I felt just like the woman who had been begging a few moments ago.
"T'll be waiting, dear." That bastards words echoed in my mind.
Iknew I would need money to get Celine treated.
It seemed like he himself had imposed this tax that only exempted his own kind.
I would have to beg him for money.
Filthy bastard! "I...
I'll go get the money from the inn right now.
Please, here are 30 coins, at least take her in and examine her.
I'll be right back," I pleaded,
###Chapter 140
---- swallowing my urge to insult the old hag.
She considered it for a few seconds.
She looked us up and down, then nodded.
"Fine, bring her in, but I wont give her the tonic until you bring the full amount," she said, turning her back and leaving the door open.
"Valeria..." "Quinn, dont worry.
Ill be right back, okay? The important thing is that she gets better, right? Go, go," I pushed him gently, as he looked at me with concern.
Iknew he didnt agree with me humiliating myself, but Celines life was the priority.
So, I began my way back to the inn after watching him go inside past the guards.
Tlooked around, but the poor woman and the grinning guide were nowhere to be seen.
I felt sorry for them, but there was nothing I could do.
Following my memory, I walked through the dark alley, the high clotheslines with old garments making everything seem even darker.
I quickened my pace, feeling uneasy.
The inn wasnt far, but I sensed something nearbytoo close.
I turned around in fear, looking behind me, cold sweat trickling down my neck.
Whats happening? Iclutched the pendant on my chest tightly as it started vibrating.
I tried to convince myself it was just paranoia, but as I turned my head to continue ---- walking, a dark mist lunged at me, engulfing me.
I wanted to scream, but I couldntsomething covered my mouth.
I felt like I was falling into a void, as if the ground crumbled beneath my feet, and everything around me turned into shades of black.
linstinctively reached for my belly, desperately calling Nana, on the verge of tears.
I thought I would hit something hard, but instead, my feet landed on something softlike grass.
My eyes blinked in discomfort due to the intense sunlight.
Icouldnt believe the place I had ended up in.
It was like a beautiful forest, with streams and butterflies dancing over the daisies scattered across the grass.
The atmosphere wasnt impoverished or suffocating but full of light and warmth.
"Welcome to my healing space, Princess Valeria," a melodic voice spoke behind me.
I turned around, alert, to find a beautiful womanmature, with fiery red hair, blue eyes, anda kind smile.
"Who are you?" I took a step back warily.
"You dont need to be afraid.
I have been called by the magic that accompanies you," she said, pointing at the pendant hidden under my chest.
"My name is Alondra.
I am a White Healing Witch, and I can cure your friend.
Come with me, little princess, dont be afraid." She motioned me forward, leading me to a picturesque cabin filled with medicinal plants hanging from wooden posts, the scent of stew floating in the air.
---- All of this felt like a dream.
Could it be real, or was it some twisted trick of the Vampire King? Either way, Celine didnt have many hopes left, and I didnt have many options, so in the end, I decided to trust my instincts and step inside the Healer Witchs cabin.
Wasnt there supposed to be only one healer in town? What exactly was going on with the witches in this realm?
###Chapter 141
---- VALERIA The inside of the small wooden house was just as warm as I had imagined, filled with flowers and the intense scent of medicinal herbs.
Atable stood at the center, where the mysterious woman was preparing herbs, surrounded by chairs.
At the back, a fireplace with two comfortable rocking chairs, covered in colorful cushions, added to the cozy atmosphere.
"Oh, dear princess, don't just stand there so stiffly.
Sit in the rocking chair, let's talk," she invited, and though I was wary, I did as she said, scanning my surroundings carefully.
I was told there's only one healer witch in town.
Why are you hiding? There's an innocent child in need of treatment, and that other witch refuses to help him," I couldn't help but question her.
Iknow," she replied with a sigh, not stopping her grinding of the herbs in the mortar.
"This town is named as such because it was once home to a clan of White Witches.
We are primarily healers, respectful of natural laws and the Goddess's will.
But everything changed when Gabrielle ceased to be the monarch of this realm." She suddenly looked at me with a complicated expression, and from her lips, I learned about the true state of the Dark Realm, where vampires and witches mainly coexist.
The Vampire King, acting in his own interest, began suppressing witches.
They were forced to register in a census to be monitored, and those with ---- too much power were eliminated in one way or another.
Healing could no longer be practiced freely; only the healer authorized by the Kingdom was allowed to treat people in the villages, and these controlled witches were nothing more than spies for the vampires.
If powerful witches or hybrids with strong magic were born, they were eliminated at birth.
Anything that passed through the hands of those so-called "healers" that might pose a threat to the vampires was swiftly removed.
Awitch hunt swept through the realm, with hefty rewards offered especially for those who betrayed a White Witch.
Anyone caught healing in secret was hunted like an animal and exterminated, along with their entire family.
"Tt has been dark times for the realm since your mother is gone.
We White Witches are the most powerful; thats why the Vampire King fears us.
Thats why he quickly controlled those who submitted and disposed of the others," she said, sadness and melancholy evident in her eyes.
It seemed she had also lost loved ones.
Why are you helping me? I'm traveling with the Vampire King.
He's here in town, don't you know that?" "I know very well, but there's nothing I can do against him alone.
I'll never forget the first time I saw your mother in the capitalso beautiful, so elevated and untouchable," she said, walking toward the fireplace and pouring hot water from a pot into a cup she held.
"You resemble her a lot, not just in appearance," she turned and looked at me, standing before me.
"Its that light in your eyesbravery and determination.
You have the courage we lacked.
If we had united, none of this would be happening; so
###Chapter 142
---- many lives could have been saved." She leaned forward to take my hand and placed the cup of herbal tea, which gave off a delicious aroma, into it.
"T am betting on the next generation, Valeria Von Carlsein.
Thats why Im helping you.
The magic within you called to me; its the same magic I felt in your mother.
I don't know your story, nor why youve appeared now.
I didnt even know you existed.
But now that I do, I have faith and hope." She looked at me intensely, and I didnt know how to respond to that.
I felt like everyone was placing all their expectations on me.
"Give me some time to prepare the medicine for your friend.
Dont worry, this is a magical space.
Time flows slower here than outside; you can rest," she said before returning to her preparations.
She hadnt even seen Celine, yet she already seemed to know what was wrong with her.
"Nana, did you really speak to this woman?" I asked, but received no answer, which made me uneasy.
There was a strange tranquility here, a peace that began to lull me.
Thadn't even sipped the tea, fearing it might be poisoned, yet my eyelids grew heavy as if filled with lead, and I seemed to drift off to sleep.
ook Where am I? I looked around, confused.
Wasnt I in the witchs cottage? But no, this place was too familiar.
It was Aldric's room in the palaceit felt like a dream.
Still, I walked slowly towards his bedroom, passing ---- through the dining area, and pushed the door open with a hint of fear.
The morning light streamed through the windows, filtering past the open curtains, and there he wasstanding with his broad back to me.
My eyes welled up, and I had to bite my lip to keep from sobbing.
Even if it was a dream, it felt so real.
I took a few hesitant steps, extending my trembling hand.
I wanted to touch him, to tell him I loved him, that I would never intentionally hurt anyone.
My fingers hovered in the air, mere inches from Aldric.
It seemed I wasnt as brave as everyone thought.
Seeing the disgust and hatred in his eyes is something I could never bear.
Iclench my hand into a fist and turn away to escape, but in an instant, two strong arms wrap around me protectively, and I'm enveloped in that scent of wine and homemy home.
"Are you really going to keep running from me, Valeria?" his deep voice pours into my ear.
I close my eyes, savoring this lie my mind has created.
"Aldric," I murmur, clutching his forearms, pressing my back against his chest.
"I miss you so much, my love, so much," I confess, and tears begin rolling down my cheeks.
He takes me by the shoulders, turning me to face him, his hand sliding to the nape of my neck.
Through my tear-filled lashes, I watch his masculine face draw closer, and then the warm touch of his lips meets mine.
Iembrace him desperately, filled with longing, my hands gripping his shirt in tight fists.
He holds me by the waist and devours my mouth ina
###Chapter 143
---- passionate kiss.
He sucks my lower lip and explores my mouth, and I moan deliciously when my tongue brushes against his sharp lycan canines.
My back hits the wall, trapping me, and I want to stay imprisoned in these arms forever.
"Baby, I dont have much time," he pulls away just slightly, holding my chin and making me look into his stormy gray eyes, our ragged breaths mingling.
"Valeria, dont be afraid, my love.
I love you, no matter whatI love you.
He confesses the words Ive longed to hear from the real Aldric, and my tears fall even harder.
"Aldric, but I...
I'm one of those creatures you hate so much, the worst one.
Im the Queens daughter.
I swear I'm not evil, Id never hurt anyone," I desperately explain, clinging to his shirt, blurring reality with my fantasies.
"Valeria," he cups my cheeks and speaks with solemnity.
"T dont care about your origin, your powers, or what you become.
You are my mate, my woman, my she-wolf, and nothingno onecan change that.
Stop running from me, baby.
When the time comes, I'll show you that if you're the Queen of Evil, then I can only become your Dark General." He kisses my forehead softly, his fingers gently caressing my face, and his words soothe my wounded soul.
Ican feel hes about to leave again, and it makes me anxious.
I know this isn't real, but I dont want to wake up.
---- "Take care of our pup, my love.
I'm watching over both of you, Valeria.
Ive never left your side..." "Wait, Aldric, wait...!" My hands desperately try to grasp his fading figure, and my sobs escape louder from my throat.
"Don't be afraid, Vale, my love.
We'll be together again soon.
Be strong," his voice lingers in the air like a whisper.
"Aldric!" I jolted awake, still sitting in Alondras rocking chair.
###Chapter 144
---- VALERIA "Im sorry, it seems...
I had a dream," I said, filled with embarrassment, wiping my tears with the sleeve of my dress and standing up from the rocking chair.
"A dream?" she replies incredulously, holding a small vial in her hand.
''Thats strange, because in my space, dreams are impossible." "What? But I..." "Heres your friends medicine.
It will only keep her stable for a while, but princess, the cure for that hybrid lies with her mate," she interrupts my words, filled with doubts, and explains.
"When she receives the bite from her mate, whether its a vampire or a werewolf, the balance will stabilize." Im shocked to hear that Celines cure isnt even in ---- my hands; finding a mate could be even more complicated.
"J...
[don't want to take advantage of your generosity.
Honestly, I have nothing to pay you with, but there was a child...
he looked like he was dying.
For him, could you give me something as well?" I ask, feeling ashamed, but I still make the attemptI can't leave without trying.
"Tts not that I dont want to heal him, but you know this could bring us trouble.
It wasnt just the Vampire Kings evil that drowned this realm, princess.
There was already so much darkness in peoples heartshe just brought it to the surface," she sighs, but then leans over the table and pours a little more potion into another small glass vial.
"Give him this tonic, but in secret.
No one must know.
I don't know how you'll manage," she hands it to me, and I quickly tuck it into the inner pocket of my skirt.
"No one will know.
I wont put you at risk," I assure her.
---- "Tts not me youll put at risk, but yourself," she responds, placing her hand on my shoulder.
"Take care of your little one.
Shes the future Selenia.
And hereuse this to pay that so-called healer, Augusta, who knows absolutely nothing about medicine." My eyes widen in surprise.
How does she already know my babys gender? I look down at my hand, where shes placed a beautiful silver hairpin.
"Tha...
Thank you.
I...
I dont know how to repay your kindness..." I lift my gaze to meet her kind eyes, a smile on her lips, while everything around me begins to fade.
"Dll be here, waiting for you to free us from calamity, Princess Valeria.
The Dark Realm is counting on you," her ethereal voice lingers in the air, and the weight on my shoulders grows even heavier.
I find myself standing in the same alley, alone, confused, and full of doubts.
###Chapter 145
---- I touch the hidden vialstheyre still in place.
I walk quickly back to that witchs house, unsure of how much time has passed.
"T have the payment for Madame Augusta," I tell her guards at the door, and they signal me to go inside.
I follow the stone path, and before I can knock, she appears at the entrance.
I mobilize my power to conceal the magic within the potions so she wont detect them.
"Did you bring the payment?" she asks harshly.
"Yes, will you accept this hairpin?" I pull out the exquisite ornament, and she snatches it with her plump hands.
Her eyes gleam with greed.
Of course, she sees its worthfar more than what I owe for, in the end, doing nothing.
"Well, it barely covers the f*e, but Ill accept it, just so they dont say Im a cruel woman.
Here," she ---- pulls a vial from her cleavage and tosses it through the air into my hand.
I catch it nervously.
Even though I dont plan to use it, still...
how can she just throw such an expensive medicine like that?! Damn witch! "Follow that path.
Your friends are in the back.
Give her the medicine and leave within fifteen minutes I dont want you lingering around my house," and with that, she slams the door in my face.
I curse her entire past and future family under my breath, but I have to swallow my words and hurry down the narrow path that circles the house to the backyard.
Celine and Quinn were crammed into a rundown wooden shed, like some storage space at the edge of the yard.
I push the rigid wooden door open and step inside the cramped space.
"Valeria! Thank the Goddess you re okay.
If youd taken one more second, I wouldve gone after you!" ---- Quinn jumps up from an old chair.
Beside him, on a low cot, Celine lies with her eyes closed, her face twisted in pain.
"Calm down.
Everythings going to be fine, Quinn.
I need you to watch the doorquickly," I tell him, and though he looks hesitant, he doesnt ask questions and immediately presses against the wall to peer outside through a crack.
I sit beside Celine and pull her into my arms.
Her body trembles, her skin flushed and feverishher temperature is dangerously high.
"Hold on, my friend, hold on," I plead.
I pull out Alondras vial and stare at it for a second, deciding to trust her because I have no other choice.
I bring it to Celines pale lips and pour the dark liquid into her throat.
"Come on, Celine, drink it, drink it," I hold her mouth shut, not letting her spit it out.
---- She chokes a little, as if shes about to cough, but I force her, and in the end, she swallows it with a grimace of disgust.
"Ts that the medicine from that woman? Did that damn King give you the money?" Quinn asks in a low voice, his frustration more than obvious.
"No, Quinn, something far more extraordinary happened," and in his mind, I recount everything that happened concisely.
"Now I dont know what to do with this.
Im afraid it might be poisonous...
will we be found out if we throw it away?" I pull out the vial Augusta gave me, considering my options.
"Give it to me," he takes it from my hand and holds it.
"Hows Celine?"
###Chapter 146
---- VALERIA "T'm feeling better, Quinn.
The medicine Valeria gave me is working.
In fact, it's the best I've ever taken." "Celine!" we both exclaim with obvious relief, and she smiles from the bed, still weak.
I wipe the sweat from her forehead with a piece of my skirt and help her sit up.
"Thank you, Valeria.
Quinn, what are you going to do?" she suddenly looks at her brother, and I do the same.
The Lycan uncaps the small bottle and drinks it all at once.
We both stare in shock.
"Problem solved.
It tastes awful.
I'm sure she gave you some crap to stabilize you for a day and make you come back, probably worse," he says with a shrug, as if its no big deal.
In the end, we can't help but laugh, relieved to have gotten through the ordeal.
I take the chance to tell Celine that only her mate can truly save her.
"I'm sorry, you followed me through something so dangerous, and I'm not the antidote to your illness," I say, embarrassed, but she takes my hand.
It's rare to see her soft side.
"We never regret following you.
Besides, if I werent by your side, I wouldnt know the answer.
Honestly, sinking my teeth into your power was easier than finding a solution.
Where do I even get a mate? I hope he's not a damn bloodsucker, or I'd rather die in agony," she says, rolling her eyes as she gets up.
---- Quinn helps her, and I swallow my words.
The Goddess has a twisted sense of humor and has shown me time and time again that she always sends you exactly what you don't want.
We leave that unpleasant woman's house, and the night is already closing in on us.
In reality, barely two hours have passed since we parted ways with the hateful King.
"Guys, I need to do something quickly.
Wait for me here," I ask them in the same dark alley where I met Alondra.
"Valeria, what trouble are you getting into now? Don't separate from us, Quinn grabs my hand, worried.
"It'll be quick, relax.
I can use my power; no one will detect me," I assure him, and although reluctant, he eventually lets me go.
The shadows are my allies, and I hide within them.
Darkness is the one thing this decaying town has in abundance.
I spy behind windows and houses, following the direction where I saw that woman and the little boy go.
This town isn't very big, but I don't have much time.
"Come on, where are you?" Just then, I hear the soft cries of awoman.
I follow the sound through a dead-end alley, leaning against the old wooden wall, crouching at the corner of an open window.
Inside, I see the woman crying, holding the child in her arms ina tiny, impoverished room lit only by the flickering glow of a candle.
"Oh Goddess, please don't let him be dead," I pray, seeing his pale, limp arm hanging outside the yellowed blanket.
###Chapter 147
---- How can I give him the medicine without her knowing it was me? Running out of time and ideas, I decide to toss the bottle through the window gently, and it lands on the bed, catching the attention of the woman sitting beside it in a rocking chair.
"Who's there?" she asks, frightened, and I hear her get up and approach the bed.
"By the Goddess, this...
this is...
Who are you? Are youa sorceress? I swear I wont say anything." She whispers, and the creaking of the bed echoes as she seems to place the child down and then approaches the alley to look around.
Iblend into the darkness; she can't find me, even though she sticks her head out and looks in all directions.
"Come on, give it to him, dont waste more time," I think to myself, and she does.
With doubt on her face and trembling hands, I see her take the tonic, pick up the child again, and pour the medicine into his mouth.
"Goddess, please, let this not be poison," she whispers, tears streaming down her cheeks, the desperation pouring out of her like a flood.
She clutches the little one against her chest, crying and waiting, just like Tam, anxiously watching through the cracks.
"Mommy...
why are you crying?" a weak little voice is heard, followed by the joyful, almost hysterical sobbing of that poor woman who had been preparing to bury her son.
My hand caresses my belly, and the pendant around my neck vibrates with warmth.
Ihave to do something for this realm.
Aldric was so wrongthere are ---- bad people everywhere, but there are good ones too.
sek When can we leave?" The Vampire King stood up impatiently.
"Right away," I said, eager to get out of this town.
I didnt knowif the miraculous salvation of the child would come to light.
"Good, come with me," he motioned toward the inside of the decrepit inn.
Behind the counter, the innkeeper was trembling, and there were no other patronsthe place seemed to have been cleared out.
He spread the map over an empty table, and I repeated the spell to set the artifact in motion.
It fluttered over the town's position and then moved toward an unknown, unclear location on the map.
"That's it, but I dont know exactly what it is," I admit, clueless.
"Are we going by ship or on foot?" "You, come here!" the King's second-in-command called out to the thin innkeeper, who approached with obvious terror in his eyes and was asked about the location near the village.
"It's the Lake of the Dead.
No one who ventures into that infernal place ever returns alive," he said with a fearful expression.
###Chapter 148
---- VALERIA "There was a legend that an unparalleled power was hidden there.
However, the fools who ventured into the lake never returned." Aterrifying, haunted place with certain deaththat's exactly our destination, no doubt about it.
So we gathered our few belongings and headed toward the Lake of the Dead, praying not to be the next ones on the list.
"Guys, you're always by my side," I took Celine's hand, and Quinn nodded beside her.
We all made our way through the wild forest at night, pushing forward without stopping, through bushes filled with sharp branches under the thick canopy of trees that blocked the moonlight above our heads.
As we approached the lake, the humidity and cold in the air intensified, and another unsettling detail sent shivers down even the bravest among usthere was no sound.
Not the hiss of nocturnal animals, the flutter of owl wings, not even a single firefly floating in the air.
Nothing.
It truly felt as if life had been sucked out of this place.
We emerged from the forest and reached the lake's shore, where a thick mist hovered over the water and stretched to the pebbles on the shore.
Looking into the distance, only a dark fog covered the entire landscape.
"Step closer and test the water," the King ordered one of his men, who obeyed.
---- No matter how much they tried to act brave, the nervousness was obvious in everyone.
"My Lord, I can't see the bottom; it's too dark," the man replied, leaning over the shore but not daring to touch the water.
The Vampire King stepped behind him and mercilessly kicked him in the rear.
With an unmanly scream, the warrior fell face-first into the water, splashing around.
We thought something terrible would happen, but after a few seconds, he got up, completely soaked but still in one piece.
"Well, it seems safe enough.
Still, Valeria, take the artifact and lead the way.
You'll go first," he said, opening the box for me.
Ireached in and pulled out the guide that would take us through this final obstacle.
It floated slightly in the air, transforming into a silver compass and moving above the lake's surface.
"Should we look for a boat?" I asked hesitantly.
Surely, he didn't expect me to step into those treacherous, uncertain waters.
"Don't worry, dear.
You're the safest one here.
Now move.
I can feel it great power is near," he said, staring off into the fog that covered the lake's horizon, his eyes gleaming green with greed.
Isighed and subtly signaled to Quinn and Celine.
They knew that if anything happened, they should either escape or stick close to meif I could save them.
Summoning my courage, I lifted my dress and took the first step,
###Chapter 149
---- expecting to get drenched, but instead, my boots struck something solid.
My eyes widened in amazement; beneath my feet, a sheet of ice had formed, freezing the lake's surface.
I took another step, then another.
Looking back, I saw the icy path continuing behind me.
It held.
Behind me, about twenty vampires, my friends, and the infamous Vampire King followed my lead, walking across the frozen path.
I turned my gaze back to the unknown mist and followed the silvery light of the artifact.
Dark shadows moved beneath the still waters, the cold seeped into my bones, and the wind howled.
The moonlight disappeared behind the mist's veil, and I stopped at the edge of danger.
"What are you doing? Dont stop! We dont know how long the spell will hold on the water," the King's irritating voice barked behind me.
lignored his command.
Something was off.
I reached my hand forward into the darkness ahead.
From here, I could still perceive the forest in the distance, the water, and a portion of the sky.
But beyond that point, it felt like I'd be stepping in blind, at the mercy of whatever lurked within.
And I knew very well there were things waiting.
"Theres danger ahead," I responded.
"Of course, there's danger.
Only the Selenias can access this place.
You dont have to worry about your head, and I doubt you're concerned about mine," he said sarcastically.
---- "Remember, if anything happens to my friends, even if you kill me, I wont give you what you want," I turned to face him.
Of course, my threat was a lie.
At this point, I would lead him to herto my motherbut I feared for Celine and Quinn.
"Thave them right here, right behind my ass, taking care of them like two pups.
Happy now?" he sneered, and I saw that, indeed, they were close.
"Fine," I nodded and looked at them one last time.
"Relax, Vale, we know how to take care of ourselves," Quinn reassured me, and Celine nodded.
Taking a deep breath and with no other options, I plunged into that dark world, with only the artifacts guiding light shining ahead.
I didn't know what I was stepping onI couldn't feel the water, the air, nothing.
Just the unsettling sensation of unseen eyes watching me from the darkness, waiting for the perfect moment to strike.
"AAAHHH, DAMN IT! What is?!" The first scream erupted from the end of the line, and thats when all hell broke loose.
###Chapter 150
---- VALERIA The vampire soldiers were being attacked, dark claws treacherously emerging from nowhere.
No matter how good their vision was, it was almost impossible to predict them.
Screams echoed, and the scent of blood thickened in the air.
Damn it, Valeria, run! Run to the exit of this shit, or Ill throw your flea- ridden friends to the first specter I see! the Vampire King roared at me, and I did exactly thatI started running like a madwoman.
My dress billowed, darkness swirled around me, they were chasing us red eyes everywhere, shrieks, and fear.
Amid all the blackness, I saw a brilliant light, like the crack of a giant door slightly ajar, and on the other side, salvation should be waiting.
Even my ankles were being grabbed, the heels of my boots sinking into something sticky, and my arms were held by sharp claws.
Thad to fight several times; I didn't think that just because I was a Selenia, I would be completely safe.
We're here! Run, guys, run! I screamed to my friends following close behind.
I stretched out my hand, barely a meter away from the blinding light.
I was about to push with all my strength toward that damn exit, but the ground cracked beneath my feet, and I found myself swallowed by the black, freezing waters of the lake.
---- Something was dragging me into the depths.
I kicked frantically, my eyes fixated on the light shining on the surfaceso close, yet so far.
Ireached out my hand, bubbles escaping from my mouth, I was drowning and so were the others who had made it this far.
Wasnt I the chosen one? All that talk about the Seleniaswas it just a lie? Iclutched the pendant on my chest.
I refused to dieI couldnt, I couldnt.
I had to protect my pup, I had to tell Aldric that we were going to have a baby, that we were his family.
My eyes started to close, my lungs burned in agony, and my heart began to falter.
?Humility, empathy, kindness, perseverance, and a compassionate soul.
I did not give you the power to touch the heights just to reach me by stepping on the heads of your brothers.
Like all of them, when you reach the end of the road, you will feel the true fear of being mortal? An ethereal and mysterious voice suddenly echoed in my mind, and I remembered that phrase was inscribed on the last Altar, though I had never truly understood what it meant.
?Now, Valeria Von Carstein, descendant of Juno, daughter of Gabrielle, my beloved Selenia daughter, I will pass judgment upon you and look into your heart? The voice added, as a strange sensation invaded my mind and body, like something sifting through my memoriesevery good deed, every wrongdoing, every action and decision of my entire life was laid bare.
###Chapter 151
---- And just when I was about to die...
?You have been a good daughter, my Valeria, a very good one.
Iam pleased, and I will grant you a gift for all your suffering, my Selenia.
Today, you have restored hope to a mother, and in return, I will grant you anumerous and powerful lineage.
Now, you may pass? The voice vanished, and my body was pulled by what seemed like a whirlpool of water.
The light grew brighter and brighter until I fell to my knees, coughing violently.
My hands pressed against the ground, the sensation of drowning still vivid in my memory, and something else...
but I couldnt remember clearly.
How did I get here? Celine, Quinn! I stood up, panic flooding me, fearing they hadnt made it.
But when I looked back, I found themalong with other unconscious bodies lying on a golden floor.
Celine, wake up! Quinn, please, be alive, please! I shook them desperately, kneeling beside them.
They were still holding hands; despite everything, they never let go.
Quinn's eyes snapped open, and he took a deep, desperate breath, filling his lungs with air, while coughing sounds echoed behind me.
Celine.
He sat up to wake the Alpha, who also suddenly gasped, breathing heavily.
Guys, thank the Goddess.
I hugged them tightly, tears threatening to fall.
My conscience wouldnt survive if anything happened to them in this madness.
They hugged me back, all three of us catching our breath.
Oddly enough, our clothes werent wet, nor were our bodies.
---- Valeria, where...
where are we? Celine asked, staring straight ahead in shock.
Iturned my head in that direction, my eyes widening in astonishment, my heart pounding wildly.
The call of my ancestors, the connection that binds me to all Selenias, tugged at my mind and soul.
This is the prison of Umbros and the tomb of the Selenias, I told them, and the lights shone in my eyes.
Here, we will have to fight and winor we will all die, and evil will prevail.
###Chapter 152
---- VALERIA "Valeria, what are we going to do? You can't give that psychopath what he wants, we..."" "Quinn, honestly, I can't promise that all of this will turn out fine, but I'll do everything in my power to save you," I murmured, keeping it vague due to the enemy's proximity.
And because, quite frankly, I had no idea how to unlock the spell on those collarsI was going in blind, relying on the magic my mother left behind to protect me.
"Your Majesty, we're the only ones left," I looked back, shaking off my clothes, and was somewhat satisfied to see that only half of the vampires had survived.
Some of them even had woundsno one could leave this place alive.
"Good, I thought fewer would make it, so we're not doing too bad," he replied, as if talking about animals and not his own people.
I don't even know why they keep following that bastardprobably out of fear, I suppose.
"It's time, princess.
Let's go.
You, keep a close eye on your little friends," he ordered, walking toward me.
I clenched my fists, filled with helplessness, as I watched them surround Quinn and Celine.
Damn it, I'm completely tied down.
Goddess, please let all of this work.
Ishot him a death glare and, huffing, turned to head toward the structure Icould see in the distance.
---- What my eyes took in was almost impossible to describe.
Goosebumps rose on my skin due to the energy and incredible magic radiating from this place.
As I walked across what seemed to be a wide silver bridge adorned with intricate arabesques and engravings, I lifted my head to look at the faces of the towering statues of women.
Their features were so vivid, and their robes appeared as if they might sway with the wind at any moment.
They leaned against the thick columns that arched up to the ceilinga ceiling that seemed to blend with the very sky itself.
The stars twinkled above our heads, and the light of an immense full moon on the horizon illuminated the entire expanse.
Step by step, we advancedmeter by meter, like tiny ants in a world of giants.
The sound of water echoed in our ears.
Tapproached the edge of the wide bridge, but the bottom was nowhere in sight.
Waterfalls cascaded from small floating islands, and water flowed from the bridge itself into a river that I couldnt imagine where it led.
Everything was too magical, too ethereal.
But soon, we reached our first obstacle.
Amassive circular structure, like a giant closed door, awaited us at the end of the path.
"There's the instruction panel, open it," he motioned with his head.
I could tell he wasn't as calm as he pretended to be.
Iwas extremely nervous myself.
###Chapter 153
---- The so-called panel was nothing more than a silver pedestal, with a miniature replica of the door resting atop it.
It consisted of several circles filled with inscriptions in that ancient and strange language that only the Selenias seemed to understand.
I began deciphering and solving the riddles, rotating the circles, and startled at the loud rumble that echoed in front of us.
Everything I moved on the panel also moved on the door.
I didn't understand it and had to repeat it several times.
"Are you an idiot?!" he shouted at me, exasperated, making me jump as he stood right beside me, watching me like prey.
"Do you want to come and do it yourself?" I turned to him and spat back with hatred, but before I could react, a blur flashed before my eyes, anda hand closed tightly around my throat.
"Don't play smart with me, Valeria.
For your sake, I hope you're not plotting anything.
Open that damn door now and dont mess up, because here, one wrong move could cost us our lives." His red eyes drilled into mine, his fingers dug painfully into my neck, almost lifting me off the ground.
His cold, menacing aura wrapped around me.
Goddess, how I hate this man.
When he finally let go, I spent several seconds coughing, clutching my throat, and inhaling deeply.
"Give me the artifact,"' 1 demanded hoarsely, and he pulled the small box from inside his coat once again.
I had no idea when he managed to recover it.
---- I took it in my hand and made a cut, letting my Selenia blood drip onto it and then onto the panel, which began to glow.
In my hands, it shifted, molding itself into the shape of a beautiful key, which I used to unlock the keyhole that appeared at the center of the panel.
Holding it tightly, and with one final prayer, I turned it to the right.
Crack, crack.
The massive door's mechanism began to turn and open, an intense light seeping through the widening gap, bringing a strong gust of wind that forced us to shield our faces for amoment.
"You all stay here.
If I don't come out through that door in an hour, you know what to do with those two," he ordered his men.
"No, I'm not leaving my friends! Hey, let me go, damn it! I told youl wouldnt help if anything happened to them! Let me go, you idiot!" I struggled as he grabbed my arm roughly, dragging me up the wide stairs leading to the half-open door.
"They wont get hurt if you keep your word," he said, shaking me and pulling me close to his chest.
His cold breath hit my face, and his cruel expression pierced my soul.
"Don't think I don't know you're up to something.
You're just like your mother.
But whether you believe it or not, if you don't get me out of there safely in an hour, your little friends will be eaten alive.
Now move, weakling!" He shoved me forward and dragged me along.
I looked back in worry, seeing the tension in Celine and Quinn.
If only I could disable the magic in those damn collars.
---- Nana, if you fail me, I swear I won't forgive you! I screamed internally, but no response came.
The light pouring through the giant crack in the Lunar Gate was so blinding I could barely keep my eyes open.
Practically blind, we crossed the threshold.
I felt itclear as daythe sensation of passing through a powerful barrier, and the Vampire King drew even closer to me.
I suppose without me, he never could have accessed this place.
"Ahhh!" I screamed in fear, halting my steps abruptlymy feet were inches away from an endless drop into an abyss darker than the night itself.
###Chapter 154
---- VALERIA "Valeria, what are we going to do? You can't give that psychopath what he wants, we..."" "Quinn, honestly, I can't promise that all of this will turn out fine, but I'll do everything in my power to save you," I murmured, keeping it vague due to the enemy's proximity.
And because, quite frankly, I had no idea how to unlock the spell on those collarsI was going in blind, relying on the magic my mother left behind to protect me.
"Your Majesty, we're the only ones left," I looked back, shaking off my clothes, and was somewhat satisfied to see that only half of the vampires had survived.
Some of them even had woundsno one could leave this place alive.
"Good, I thought fewer would make it, so we're not doing too bad," he replied, as if talking about animals and not his own people.
I don't even know why they keep following that bastardprobably out of fear, I suppose.
"It's time, princess.
Let's go.
You, keep a close eye on your little friends," he ordered, walking toward me.
I clenched my fists, filled with helplessness, as I watched them surround Quinn and Celine.
Damn it, I'm completely tied down.
Goddess, please let all of this work.
Ishot him a death glare and, huffing, turned to head toward the structure Icould see in the distance.
---- What my eyes took in was almost impossible to describe.
Goosebumps rose on my skin due to the energy and incredible magic radiating from this place.
As I walked across what seemed to be a wide silver bridge adorned with intricate arabesques and engravings, I lifted my head to look at the faces of the towering statues of women.
Their features were so vivid, and their robes appeared as if they might sway with the wind at any moment.
They leaned against the thick columns that arched up to the ceilinga ceiling that seemed to blend with the very sky itself.
The stars twinkled above our heads, and the light of an immense full moon on the horizon illuminated the entire expanse.
Step by step, we advancedmeter by meter, like tiny ants in a world of giants.
The sound of water echoed in our ears.
Tapproached the edge of the wide bridge, but the bottom was nowhere in sight.
Waterfalls cascaded from small floating islands, and water flowed from the bridge itself into a river that I couldnt imagine where it led.
Everything was too magical, too ethereal.
But soon, we reached our first obstacle.
Amassive circular structure, like a giant closed door, awaited us at the end of the path.
"There's the instruction panel, open it," he motioned with his head.
I could tell he wasn't as calm as he pretended to be.
Iwas extremely nervous myself.
###Chapter 155
---- The so-called panel was nothing more than a silver pedestal, with a miniature replica of the door resting atop it.
It consisted of several circles filled with inscriptions in that ancient and strange language that only the Selenias seemed to understand.
I began deciphering and solving the riddles, rotating the circles, and startled at the loud rumble that echoed in front of us.
Everything I moved on the panel also moved on the door.
I didn't understand it and had to repeat it several times.
"Are you an idiot?!" he shouted at me, exasperated, making me jump as he stood right beside me, watching me like prey.
"Do you want to come and do it yourself?" I turned to him and spat back with hatred, but before I could react, a blur flashed before my eyes, anda hand closed tightly around my throat.
"Don't play smart with me, Valeria.
For your sake, I hope you're not plotting anything.
Open that damn door now and dont mess up, because here, one wrong move could cost us our lives." His red eyes drilled into mine, his fingers dug painfully into my neck, almost lifting me off the ground.
His cold, menacing aura wrapped around me.
Goddess, how I hate this man.
When he finally let go, I spent several seconds coughing, clutching my throat, and inhaling deeply.
"Give me the artifact,"' 1 demanded hoarsely, and he pulled the small box from inside his coat once again.
I had no idea when he managed to recover it.
---- I took it in my hand and made a cut, letting my Selenia blood drip onto it and then onto the panel, which began to glow.
In my hands, it shifted, molding itself into the shape of a beautiful key, which I used to unlock the keyhole that appeared at the center of the panel.
Holding it tightly, and with one final prayer, I turned it to the right.
Crack, crack.
The massive door's mechanism began to turn and open, an intense light seeping through the widening gap, bringing a strong gust of wind that forced us to shield our faces for amoment.
"You all stay here.
If I don't come out through that door in an hour, you know what to do with those two," he ordered his men.
"No, I'm not leaving my friends! Hey, let me go, damn it! I told youl wouldnt help if anything happened to them! Let me go, you idiot!" I struggled as he grabbed my arm roughly, dragging me up the wide stairs leading to the half-open door.
"They wont get hurt if you keep your word," he said, shaking me and pulling me close to his chest.
His cold breath hit my face, and his cruel expression pierced my soul.
"Don't think I don't know you're up to something.
You're just like your mother.
But whether you believe it or not, if you don't get me out of there safely in an hour, your little friends will be eaten alive.
Now move, weakling!" He shoved me forward and dragged me along.
I looked back in worry, seeing the tension in Celine and Quinn.
If only I could disable the magic in those damn collars.
---- Nana, if you fail me, I swear I won't forgive you! I screamed internally, but no response came.
The light pouring through the giant crack in the Lunar Gate was so blinding I could barely keep my eyes open.
Practically blind, we crossed the threshold.
I felt itclear as daythe sensation of passing through a powerful barrier, and the Vampire King drew even closer to me.
I suppose without me, he never could have accessed this place.
"Ahhh!" I screamed in fear, halting my steps abruptlymy feet were inches away from an endless drop into an abyss darker than the night itself.
###Chapter 156
---- VALERIA I lifted my eyes and gazed upon the world where Umbros was imprisoned.
The sensation was horrifying, as if all happiness had been sucked into a vortex of evil.
A floating island loomed in the distance, far beyond our reach, the only solid thing in this place.
Everything else was shrouded in ink-black mist, with distant flashes of lightning flickering through storm clouds and darkness.
It felt like floating in the void.
Take the first step and get us to the Lunar Island.
The first step? To where? I asked, looking down.
The vertigo made me step back quickly once again.
Dont be an idiot.
I saw you had raven wings when you fought the Lycan Kinguse them and stop wasting time.
Fly to the island.
Iclosed my eyes and summoned the transformation, hoping it would work.
The truth was, I couldnt control it so easily.
However, the itching sensation began on my back, followed by discomfort.
My dress tore slightly, and enormous wings covered in dark feathers spread powerfully, but I had never used them to fly such a long distance.
J...
Ive never used them like this.
I dont know if they can carry me across, I admitted, practicing the movements, recalling how ravens did it.
---- Theres only one way to find out...
he said, bringing a bad premonition to my heart.
Without warning, his cold hand pushed my back, and I screamed as I fell forward, desperately flapping my wings, my hands and legs flailing in every direction to stabilize myself, my heart pounding in terror.
I finally managed to steady myself after nearly dying of fright and turned to insult him in every way possible, but the words caught in my throat as I watched him transform into a fine mist, floating through the air to position himself beside me.
I kept forgetting that vampires could also summon the magic of natural elementsand that this man had stolen the powerful blood that belonged to me.
Resigned to my fate, I beat my wings, adjusting to this new and fascinating sensation, advancing over the abyss toward the island with some instability.
When my feet touched the ground again, I sighed in relief, retracting my wings, and he reappeared in his corporeal form beside me.
Find the resting place of the Selenias.
I can feel their power nearby.
Don't delaylet's go.
We can't stay here too long, he pressed me again.
Ilooked at the forest in front of us and advanced blindly once more, guided only by my instincts and that strong call whispering in my heart.
Thousands of voices called to me, and as we walked beneath the shadows of those dark, twisted trees, they grew louder and louder, almost to the point of overwhelming me.
The ruins of some ancient structure appeared when the forest cleared and opened into a glade.
###Chapter 157
---- Tts here, I whispered, standing beneath a set of crumbling stairs.
Iplaced my hand on my chest, wondering how I would awaken my mother.
Nana never gave me many details.
She told me that when the time came, I would knowand oh, did I know.
The Vampire King was nervous, the magical energy thickened in the air, pulsing through the labyrinthine hallways of the ruins.
Statues of women stood everywhere, some incomplete, watching us in silent vigilance.
We finally reached the center of the ruinsthere was no roof, anda starry sky stretched above our heads.
Alarge, dark lagoon of reddish water blocked our path.
This place was the most sacred part of the ruinsI could feel it.
Seeing the feminine faces of the statues surrounding us filled me with both fear and reverence.
It seemed as if their closed eyes could open at any moment.
There it is.
Incredible.
Magnificent.
I can feel its immense power from here, he spoke, intoxicated by his deep greed.
I followed his gaze and finally saw itin the center of the lagoon stood something resembling a fountain, with a round base, and atop it, an enormous silver moon engraved with intricate carvings.
Embedded in its center was a shining light, so red it looked like the very bleeding heart ripped from a Selenias chest.
Without a doubt, the source of all the power here lay within that magical artifactformed by the sacrifice of my ancestors.
The collective power of all the Selenias who had sacrificed themselves in ---- the past was contained within that rubyand it was what he wanted.
Bring it to me.
Go, rip it from the stone, or forget about your friends! he pushed me toward the lagoon.
My boots were stained by that thick, dark liquid, and then I realizedit wasnt water.
It looked more like blood.
I took one step, then another, staring into the eyes of the statues surrounding us.
I lifted my head solemnly and focused on one that stood out above the others.
Sitting atop the giant moon where the heart of the Selenias was embedded, one statue stared down at me.
She held a spear in her hand, her long hair cascading down her back, waiting silently within her prison of silver and stone.
The heels of my boots sank into the muddy ground.
I had no idea what I was stepping on, but the viscous liquid was now up to my waist.
Isuppressed my shivers and fears as I reached the fountain, where the liquid cascaded down in a small waterfall.
What do I do, Nana? What do I do? I stood and looked up, far above my head, at the glowing light that seemed to pulse with lifefueling the magic of this entire place, sealing the barrier that kept darkness from invading our world.
Crimson cracks extended around it like veins of a living being.
My trembling hand reached outI couldnt take it, I couldnt steal the sacrifice and death of so many women of my race.
This was sacrilege.
###Chapter 158
---- VALERIA The Vampire King didnt desire Umbross power.
Thad always wondered how he could be so foolish as to want to control such immense evil, but his eyes were set on this powerthe combined magic of the Selenias that sealed this space.
If I took it from here, Umbros would find a way to break free.
Thesitated, my fingers just inches from the red light.
Take it! Take it, Valeria, or I'll tear those werewolves' throats out with my bare hands! I SWEAR ILL KILL THEM, TAKE IT NOW, TAKE IT! he screamed like a madman, and I even heard the splashing of blood.
He dared to step into the lagoon, his ambition for power was that overwhelming.
Touch it, Valeria, just touch it, the voice of my old magic echoed in my mind, and finally, I stretched on my tiptoes to sink my fingers into the cold crimson stone.
Memories flashed through my mind like lightning.
A powerful woman sitting on her golden throne, blue eyes, long black hair.
Her happiness made my heart swell as I watched her gently caress her belly in front of a mirror, longing for the arrival of her daughter.
Tears and screams.
The cry of anewborn, and that woman held her, sobbing, kissing her forehead before placing the small bundle wrapped in warm blankets into the hands of that manthe very same man now forcing me to commit ---- this atrocity.
?Goddess, the only thing I desire for serving you is to one day see my daughter.
Please, let me see my Valeria? The memories stopped, tears streamed down my cheeks, but I had no time to wipe them away when the sound of a struggle erupted behind me.
Iturned in shockthe statues...
the statues of the women had come to life and were fighting the Vampire King.
Achill ran down my spine as I felt danger approaching from behind me.
Without thinking, I lunged into the lagoon.
A deafening sound rang out alongside dust and splattered blood.
I fell on my back, struggling to keep from drowning, and looked up in horrorthe statue of the woman sitting on the moon had descended and was staring at me with a murderous glare.
The spear in her hand had struck where I had been standing just moments ago, shattering the fountain.
Thad awakened the Selenia guardians.
Tm one of your kind! I dont want to fight! Hes the threat, its him! I shouted, but she didnt seem to listen.
She leaped from the fountain like a warriortowering at three meters talland began attacking me with the spear.
Isummoned all my power.
I had no intention of dying here.
I couldnt.
I had to protect my pup no matter what, so I willingly triggered my transformation.
The wind whispered in my ears every time that deadly weapon missed me by mere inches, my speed at its limit as I dodged her attacks.
###Chapter 159
---- My clothes were soaked, blood from the lagoon splattered across my face, and I flapped my wings, soaring away from the threat.
But she was too fast, precise, and powerful.
The sharp tip lunged to pierce my chest.
I barely twisted to the side, and my claws scraped against the silver, sparks flying.
I grabbed the cold spear with my hand, trying to wrest it away from her, gripping it with all my strength.
Taking flight, I held onto it with both hands, trying to rip it from her control.
We struggled, her expressions so vividanger and fury.
The chaos of the battle surrounded us.
The Vampire King was incredibly powerfulI saw him out of the corner of my eye fighting several of them, while I was barely holding my own against one.
Aaahhh! I screamed as she suddenly let go of the weapon, making me lose balance.
My wings flailed clumsily, trying to stabilize, but it was no use.
I hissed in pain when I crashed into a column, hitting my head hard.
Dizzy and barely able to recover, I felt the pressure around my neckI was finished.
Cold stone fingers dug into my flesh.
My eyes opened wide, tears of pain escaping as I saw the Selenia guardian in front of me, holding my body in the air, strangling me.
The oxygen was leaving my lungs.
I wouldnt last much longer.
React, Gabrielle! React, youre hurting your daughter! Theard Nanas voice from the pendant, which started glowing intensely, trembling and pulsing.
---- Her...
was she my mother? M-mom? I choked out, and for a second, those lifeless pupils showed a flicker of confusion.
Her grip loosened.
She kept staring at me, slowly lowering me down until my feet touched the lagoon again.
Icoughed as I found myself free, still unable to understand.
Had these statues really once been Selenias? Ilooked up at the giant woman in front of me, the warrior observing me.
Her stone-white form made it impossible to discern the color of her hair and eyes, but her features were unmistakable.
I knew without a doubt she was Gabrielle.
I watched as she leaned forward, extending her enormous trembling hand, a frown full of complex emotions creasing her features, my heart hanging bya thread.
There was a lump in my throat; I wanted to tell her so many things.
T know you did it for a greater good, but you have no idea how much I needed you, how much I longed for you, and how much I missed you.
Icouldnt speak.
The sudden stillness of the battle made me glance toward the Vampire King.
My eyes widened in shock as I saw him pull something strange from within his cloak and drink it.
From that moment, everything changed.
He roared as if in excruciating pain.
The veins in his body bulged, his crimson eyes deepened in color, and the ---- grievous wounds he had sustained healed instantly.
Power exploded from within himI could feel itand for some strange reason, the Selenias stopped attacking him.
They withdrew from the circle where they had almost defeated him, and even my mother turned, stepping away from me to approach him.
No, no, you cant go! Hes deceiving you! Gabrielle, hes deceiving you! Im your daughter, I am! I screamed, but she only looked at me, then at him.
###Chapter 160
---- VALERIA She started walking again toward the Vampire King.
I knew ithe was deceiving them by drinking my mothers blood, the one that had been meant for me.
She was confused, guided only by the instinct of the bond she had left behind to strengthen me.
"Thave your blood too, Gabrielle! How can you not recognize your own daughter?!" I shouted, furious.
All the guardians were now turning toward mesuddenly, I was the intruder.
The Vampire King was disguising himself as one of them, asa Selenia, and Gabrielle's blood was far more powerful than my flawed power.
What do I do? Damn it, what do I do? I was going to die for sure.
I could never withstand their attack, and while I perished, he would steal the heart.
Thats itthe heart! Ilooked toward the unguarded fountain.
The seconds were slipping away.
Thad to make a decisionnow.
Steal the heart, Valeria! Take it and free your mother, hurry! The voice inside the pendant urged me to do something reckless.
I spread my wings and flew like the wind.
In the face of so much Selenia power, I stretched my sharp claws and dug into the stones and silver, feeling the surge of magical energy coursing through my fingers as I grasped it in my hand.
Screams and wails erupted behind me, the splashing of feet and the powerful presence of the guardians rushing toward me.
I flapped my ---- wings harder than ever before, flying frantically back along the path, adrenaline pumping through my veins, my lungs burning as the guardians chased me, desperate to recover what they had guarded so jealously for millennia.
The prison bars trembled, the entire realm quaked, and the barriers grew thinner.
In the far-off darkness, I heard the roar of something terrifying enough to make even the bravest tremble with fear.
But I never looked back.
As the ruins crumbled behind me, I only pressed the searing power against my chest and fled.
The piercing sound of a door slamming shut reached my earsthe entrance was sealing off, the only way out I knew of from this place.
Without hesitation, I launched myself into the same abyss I had crossed to reach the island, pushing my wings to their limit.
Every inch of my body ached, my mouth hung open in desperate gasps for air, my dwindling power stretched beyond anything I had ever forced it to do.
As I left the island behind, anguished cries echoed in the distance, and for a brief second, I dared to look back.
Statues of women called out to me, stretching their hands, kneeling, trying to pull me backbegging me to return, to prevent catastrophe.
But I wouldn't go back.
I was sorry, but I wouldnt die here.
"YOU DAMNED ABOMINATION!" Acurse echoed dangerously close, and my heart nearly stopped when I saw the mist chasing after me.
The Vampire King had freed himself.
Thad to escape.
I did everything to trap him inside, he couldn't leave but the colossal entrance door was nearly shut, with only a small gap remaining.
###Chapter 161
---- Darkness surrounded me, specters lurked, my vision blurred, and I lost my sense of direction.
The moonlight was smothered by the thickening gloom.
My wings were failing me, my strength fading, clutching the artifact to my chest, trying to figure out how to absorb itbut I didnt know how.
I thought about giving up, I swear I thought about letting it all go.
Pup, Im sorry...
your mom cant...
Come on, baby, come on.
You re powerful, Valeriathe most powerful of them all.
Just a little more, my love, just reach the other side, and Ill help you.
The voice I had longed to hear my entire life poured into my mind.
My pendant shone brightly, illuminating the dark path ahead, anda ravens caw dispelled the fear from my heart.
"Aldric," Imurmured, reaching out to touch the raven flying in front of me, guiding me to the exit.
I followed it blindly, giving my all, using every ounce of strength and power to escape the shadows hunting meand the worst enemy chasing after me.
At the last moment, I hurled myself through the door just as it slammed shut behind me.
Icrashed to the ground, rolling, shielding myself with my wings, clutching my belly, never letting go of the ruby artifact that now pulsed in an eerie rhythm.
Valeria! Theard my friends voices.
I tried to get up but froze when I heard ---- footsteps behind me.
No.
No, it couldnt be.
He didnt have time to escapeno! But he did.
I turned, and in slow motion, I saw the Vampire King charging toward me in a furious rage, ready to kill me on the spot and steal the power of the Selenias.
Ibraced myself to stand, Quinn and Celine screaming behind me, struggling to break free and help me.
I was ready to fight to the deathI was the only one who could defend myself.
Or at least, thats what I thought.
But then, incredibly, a massive raven flapped its wings in front of me, launching itself at the Vampire King.
Feathers turned into fur, the creatures size increased rapidly, claws stretched longer, and its beak shifted into the snout of a wolffilled with pure rage.
He roared, shaking every wall of this sanctuary.
"Aldric," I sobbed from my knees, watching the enormous Lycan King charge at the Dark King, fighting him savagely and fiercelydeadly and unstoppable.
Murder was in his every move.
He was fighting to the death for me.
He was fighting for us.
###Chapter 162
---- VALERIA My heart was hanging by a thread, shocked, but I couldnt just sit and watch Aldric fight to the death against the Vampire King.
I had to actI had my own power too.
Ipushed myself up from the ground; fainting was a luxury I couldnt afford.
I had to save my friendswe all had to get out of here.
"Tam strong, Iam strong, Iam strong." I repeated it in my mind over and over as I stood and lunged at the vampires already battling Quinn and Celine.
Their powers were restricted by those horrible collars, and fighting against so many elite vampires wasnt easy.
Gathering all the speed I could muster, I went straight for the first one's head, my nails sharpening into deadly claws, and a murderous hiss escaped my lips.
aw, damn it! Watch out for the Selenia! one of them shouted to the others, barely dodging my claws that tore through his chest, sending blood gushing out.
The scent of slaughter ignited my violent instincts.
I couldnt take on the Vampire Kingnot in my current statebut I could definitely take down his underlings.
Aahh! Iheard Celines scream as I moved among them like a shadow, swift and precise.
Three of them tried to capture me like a wild beast.
---- My crimson eyes locked onto Celine, who had fallen to her knees, clutching the collar tightly with both hands, agony etched on her face.
That damned spell.
Dodging their attacks, flapping my wings, and striking down with my claws amid their hateful roars, I glanced toward the battle between the Vampire King and Aldric.
They were literally tearing chunks out of each other.
I couldnt believe the Vampire King had time to activate the spell on my friendsAldric wasnt giving him a single opening.
Then who was it? Celine! Quinn roared, running toward his sister, but he collapsed too, writhing in agony, clutching his throat as if he couldnt breathe.
Which one of you bastards?! WHO?! I shouted furiously in my Selenia form, surprised to realize that I could even speak.
My eerie, unfamiliar voice echoed from my chest, making them tremble.
Blood splattered in my wake, my claws ripping through their flesh, shredding them to pieces in a fit of rage.
Ivanished from one spot and reappeared behind another, tearing out throats and heads until the three vampires blocking my path lay dead at my feet.
But two more remainedI couldn't find those rats.
I frantically scanned my surroundings.
Find them! Search for them and bring them to meNOW! I screamed, raising my arms and summoning my magic.
Whatever it took, the desperation of losing my loved ones was unleashing all my potential.
###Chapter 163
---- Awave of magical energy surged from my body, creating a powerful gust of wind.
A dark mist filled with ravens, flapping like a flock of death, burst from my pendant and soared through the air.
Hunters seeking their prey.
This place was enormous, filled with statues, water, underground caves, and hiding spots, but my ravens moved swiftly, showing me every shadow and crevice through their eyes.
Tran to Quinn and Celine; they writhed on the ground like worms.
My soul ached at the sight of them.
Celine couldn't hold back her screams as blisters and burns spread from her neck, creeping across her skin.
Tm burning! Aaaahhh, Im burning alive! she roared, steam escaping from her mouth.
Nana, do something! Damn it, do something! I screamed, clutching my pendant in desperation.
Suddenly, an intense light blinded me.
When I blinked and opened my eyes, a small elderly woman was kneeling over my friends.
She was chanting incantations and tracing runes on the ground, which immediately began to glow.
Celine's screams stopped, and Quinn finally managed to take a breath.
Go, capture those two hidingthey have the key and are activating the dark magic in these collars, she said without stopping her spellwork.
Go, Valeria, I cant hold them forever! Yes, yes! I replied, getting to my feet, gathering my strength, feeling ---- more at ease seeing them safe for now.
Find them, go, find them, I murmured, and my eyes turned completely black, scanning the world from above.
Asharp caw and my vision revealed those two disgusting vampires hiding.
As soon as they saw the mist in the form of a flock of ravens, they started running again through the ruins of the temple.
Oh no, it wont be that easy! I roared, soaring into the air above the water, splashing through the cascading falls, my massive black wings beating against the wind.
Iwas tiredyesbut I was also thirsty for revenge.
Ipursued them as they ran, sending my ravens to torment them, their sharp claws and beaks tearing at them until they reached the end ofa bridge.
Only a sheer drop into the abyss awaited them.
My feet touched the ground, soaked in blood.
Selenia blood, my own blood, vampire bloodmy entire world was red and black.
Tf you touch us, well drop the key! Without it, youll never be able to save those filthy mutts! They dared to threaten me, holding up an ancient black key hanging from a silver chain, now suspended in the air over the void.
So, what do you want in exchange for the key? I asked mockingly.
Honestly, I couldnt wait to rip their eyes out with my own claws.
Get us out of hereright now! Take us out of this damn place or tell us how to leave, and well give you this in return, said the one without the chain.
If you trick us, well throw it into the waterfall! ---- Fine, sounds fair, I said, nodding with sarcasm before flashing them a sinister, malicious smile.
The exit is right behind you, gentlemen.
If you jump, you'll reach your Dark Realmthe same lake we entered through.
What?! You think we re idiots?! You have three seconds to summon your damn Selenia magic, or consider them dead! By now, they must be burning from the inside out.
Every second you waste playing the brave one means less time for them! Three seconds sounds fair.
Lets start counting.
One...
I tooka determined step forward, watching their bodies tremble in fear.
Two...
Believe it or not, well drop the key...! WE WILL! STAY BACK, DONT COME ANY CLOSER! Three...
I whispered the final count, becoming one with the wind, lunging at them like a blur they could barely see.
Ascream, deep and primal, erupted from within me, announcing their deaths as both my hands plunged into their chests, tearing through skin, muscle, and tendons until I reached the organ that kept them alive.
###Chapter 164
---- VALERIA "I never lied to you.
You can leave this place by falling into the abyssI just never assured you that you could do it alive," I said, looking into their terrified, resentful, and astonished eyes.
They had no time to defend themselves.
I gripped their hearts tightly in my hands and tore them from their chests, crushing them into pulp between my claws.
They fell backward over the edge of the bridge.
I extended my bloodied hand and caught the chain in the air, the key dangling from it, shining.
"Wait for me, my love.
Im coming to help you." I flew back to where Nana was, ready to free Quinn and Celine.
Only one enemy remained, but the Vampire King was as powerful as an entire army.
sek "Heres the key," I descended immediately, kneeling between them, clenching my fists at the sight of their broken bodies.
They were in terrible shape, their skin almost raw.
I couldnt imagine what would have happened if I hadnt managed to free them from those chains.
"Unlock them, quicklythe girl is worse," Nana urged, and I did, my fingers trembling as I inserted the key.
With a crack, it unlocked.
Celine's expression said it all.
Poor thingher eyes were closed, her face almost unrecognizable from the wounds.
But a sigh of relief escaped her lips the moment I removed the heavy collar from her bruised neck.
---- I did the same for Quinn, who was stronger, but still badly burned.
"Go...
help the Lycan King...
forget about us...
we're...
fine..."" he suddenly took my hand, looking at me with those hazel eyes filled with determination and courage.
"Quinn..." I almost broke down.
I truly felt so guilty for dragging them into this madness with me.
"Go, Valeria.
Go fulfill your destiny.
Don't worry about them; I'll hold them with some magic," Nana said with a sigh.
Ilooked at her, grateful.
Sometimes, I couldnt believe that this old woman was simply the manifestation of powershe seemed as complex as any real human.
Magic was incredible.
I also realized that everything I summoned came from her.
She was dividing her strength, fragmenting herself to support me.
"Thank you, Nana...
thank you." I reached out and took her small, wrinkled, cold hand, lacking the warmth of the living.
"Dont frown.
The greatest help is coming soon, and you ll know what to do by instinct.
The pupyour priority is to protect her.
Don't forget that, " she smiled mysteriously and helped me to my feet.
I gave them one last lookthey were moving away to a safer place.
I ran toward Aldric; the battle was still raging.
Isummoned the power that allowed me to disappear, blending with the elements, making me hard to detect.
I lurked, waiting for my opportunity and it came.
The fight was at a standstill, both of them equally powerful, fast, and lethal.
Aldric needed something to tip the scales in his favor.
###Chapter 165
---- "Aldric, I'm waiting," I whispered into his mind, using the bond we both shared, the one I had missed so much.
He didnt reply, but through our link, I felt his anger, his relentless fury, and thirst for revenge.
I knew he had heard me.
Hidden behind one of the enormous statues, cloaked in the darkness, I stalked my prey.
The moment Aldric lifted him into the air by the throat, I lunged at my highest speed, silent, my massive claws sinking into the Vampire Kings back.
"AAAAHHH!" I screamed, unleashing the last of my dwindling Selenia strength, digging into his flesh, reaching for his heart.
But this wasnt the same as an ordinary vampire.
He was their Kingthe one who had been feeding on a powerful Selenias blood for centuries.
"Get away from him, Valeria! Get out now!" Aldric roared in my mind, and I tried to pull my hand back from where it was buried in his body, but something held me in place.
His wound was closing faster than I could move my fingers to pull them outhis body was crushing them.
I felt painful tugs within the Vampire King's chest.
Aldric was holding him up, keeping him away from me, fighting against the King's claws as he struggled.
I grabbed my own wrist with my other hand, pulling with all my strength, my eyes wide in horror as I watched the hole I had created heal before my eyes, closing at an impossible speed.
"Didn't you want to rip my heart out, little princess? Lets see if you dont lose your hand in the process," his vile voice came from above my head.
---- Aldric roared and yanked him forward with force, giving me amoment to finally tear my hand free.
I fell backward, landing on the ground.
Thad lost all the claws on that hand, my skin shredded and raw, as if they had been plunged into corrosive acid.
What the hell did this cursed creature have inside him? "Aldric, damn it!" Aldric had a nasty wound on his chesthe had let his guard down to save me.
Things werent going as I had planned, and my Lycans energy wasnt limitless.
But if the Vampire King kept healing at this rate, how much longer could Aldric hold on? Nana was right.
Only a powerful Seleniaclearly more powerful than me, someone who had never even been properly nourishedcould defeat this enemy.
Wait...
the heart! Where is the heart of the Selenias?!
###Chapter 166
---- VALERIA I started patting down my clothesthis couldnt be happening.
I couldnt have lost it during the fight, or worse, when I recklessly chased after those vampires.
Ilooked around the ground in desperation, and then I sawit, a few feet away from where I stood.
The heart no longer had the shape of a ruby; it had melted into a dark pool, the same color as the lagoonconcentrated, powerful blood.
Ipushed myself up with trembling legs, battered and on the brink of collapse, holding on purely through adrenaline and the will to survive.
I knelt before that blood and beggedsomething I had never done before watching my mate fight like a beast against our enemy, trying to keep him from reaching us.
"Please, my ancestors, I beg you, Juno, mother, please.
Gabrielle, I summon you, powerful Selenia, help me in this moment of need, help me!" The words poured from my heart as tears and drops of my blood fell onto the small pool forming before me.
The calm surface began to bubble, as if simmering over low heat.
"I summon you here, Selenia Gabrielle, I call you, in this hour of need.
Mother, your daughter Valeria needs you...
I need you now, Gabrielle, now!" At some point, I switched languages, speaking in the ancient tongue of the altars, the words flowing into my mind like a trance.
---- Iclosed my eyes and recited the ancestral chantmy prayers, over and overtears cascading down my cheeks.
Kneeling there, it was all Ihad left, and I clung to hope with tooth and claw.
Topened my tear-filled eyes when I felt warmth above my head.
I looked up in awe to see what had formed from the heart of the Selenias.
It was the shape of a woman, sculpted from the blood, as if that vital liquid was solidifying into a human form.
She gazed at me intensely, gently caressing my head.
I felt strange, her features unrecognizable.
M-Mom? I dared to ask, anda smile appeared on those crimson lips.
She then walked toward the fight, leaving me there, stunned.
Ilooked down at the ground before menothing remained.
No puddle, no blood, not even the heart of the Selenias.
Everything had compacted into that figure, now walking barefoot, leaving crimson footprints behind.
sek ALDRIC I was ready to fight to the death for my family.
I wouldnt let them be taken from me againnot right in front of my eyes.
So Iunleashed all the rage and hatred I had for this bastard who had abused and humiliated my mate.
Azarot was in full war mode, enhancing every ounce of my lycan beast's power.
My muscles strained to their limits, my claws sharper and deadlier than
###Chapter 167
---- ever, and my powerful legs propelled me as I dodged and struck.
Retreat and attackagain and againsearching for his weak points.
But he struck back with equal ferocity.
At this point, I could admit he was the most formidable enemy I had ever faced.
We were at another standstill, and as I watched all the severe wounds I had inflicted heal in the blink of an eye, I knew I was at a disadvantage.
The stolen power of a demigoddesshow could I compete with that? Because to me, these Selenias were just a step below the Moon Goddess, incomparable to us wolves, vampires, and witches.
Aclaw sank into my shoulder, but instead of dodging, I seized his hand, using his closeness to strike directly at his throat.
No matter what dirty tricks he used, I couldnt afford to lose.
However, he reacted quickly, kneeing me in the stomach and shifting to my right flank.
I felt the danger too late and had to pull back to avoid a hit to my ribs.
But it was already too late.
He struck me with a closed fist, making me growl in pain and knocking the air from my lungs.
I fought to get away, but now it was him holding me, his long nails digging into my torso, right in the vulnerable spot beneath my ribs.
"Grrr, damn it!" I groaned in my mind, closing my bond with Valeria to shield her from the agony coursing through my battered body.
Azarot howled and snarled in fury, my fangs fully bared, channeling all his strength, trying to dominate the enemy with his superior lycan aura.
---- "Stop sacrificing your body, son of the Goddess.
My Valeria wouldn't forgive me if anything happened to you.
Leave him to metrust in my strength.
Go protect her, protect them." Avoice suddenly poured into my mind, powerful and commanding.
In the middle of my struggle with the Vampire King, who was trying to rip through me, I lifted my headand for a second, I froze.
Awoman was approaching with determined steps.
Her body seemed to ooze a trail of blood that transformed into a strange dresslike pulsating veins and tissue.
Within all that crimson, human features began to emerge.
Long black hair cascaded over skin as white as Valerias, her features eerily similar to my mate'sonly more mature.
Piercing blue eyes looked at me without fear, and when they shifted to the Vampire King, who still had his back to her...
Those mesmerizing eyes seemed to hold all the world's resentment and hatred.
"Leave him to me.
Don't deny me this vengeance as a mother, I beg you...
please." "Aaaagegerr!" AZAROT, NOW! Without a second thought, I roared at my wolf, unleashing everything I had been holding back for a long fight.
The veins in my enormous arms bulged as I dug my long black claws into that bastard, lifting him into the air, catching him off guard, and throwing him straight toward her.
---- Amother's vengeance is far worse than a husband's.
###Chapter 168
---- 119.
LOVE AND BETRAYAL VAMPIRE KING I knew that bastard Aldric was strong, but the damn mutt had me on the brink of death more than once.
And to make things worse, he and his little defective Selenia dared to attack me togetherpathetic.
That damn failure couldnt even complete asimple task properly.
They were wearing me down.
The blood of Gabrielle, which had nourished my powers slowly over the years, was keeping me alivebut even that power wasnt limitless! Thad used a great deal of it to heal rapidly, and the blood loss was significant.
I needed to end this fight once and for all.
The idiots I brought with me were all deadthis was a disaster! Isuddenly attacked the Lycan King, using the proximity he himself had created, hoping to injure him enough to fly over to Valeria and take her hostage.
She was my ticket out of heremy chance to take the immense power that must still be in her hands.
I believed I could still fix things.
Something unsettled memy instincts screamed that I needed to escape immediately.
So when that idiot of a Lycan King threw me through the air, Isaw my chance to turn into mist and flow toward Valeria to capture her.
But when I summoned Gabrielle's power within me, trying to make her lifeblood blend with mine...
nothing happened.
I tried again and againno response.
---- If Ihad been worried before, now I was terrified.
I landed crouching, one hand pressed against the cold ground, ready to spring into action and finish my plan quicklybut then my eyes locked onto a pair of bare feminine feet.
My gaze slowly traveled upward, tracing her exposed legs as a shiver ran down my entire body.
Thad only felt this kind of fear once before, in the presence of a single person in my lifeand it couldnt be her.
It couldnt be...
This had to be an illusion...
"Hello, Kael.
Long time no see.
Did you miss your Queen?" It was...
it was her.
That beautiful face I had secretly loved, now wearing a cynical, cruel expression.
Her lips curled into a smile, but that murderous grin only made my heart tremble even more.
Ga...
Gabrielle...
How? The words stuck in my throat, my eyes darting wildly, searching for a way to escape.
"That's what I'd like to know, Kael.
How could you do this to me? How could you do this to my daughter?" She took a step toward me, her words dripping with the hatred she held forme.
She knew the truth.
My every action had been discovered.
"I trusted you, and you betrayed me in the vilest way.
HOW COULD YOU ALMOST KILL MY BABY AND STEAL HER THRONE?!" She roared with that terrifying voicethe one that sounded like hundreds of women screaming at once.
###Chapter 169
---- The entire place trembled, the wind howled around us like it always did when she was furious, as if she herself commanded the storms.
Her fangs extended fully, massive claws growing from her fingertips, the dark red veins spreading around her almost-white blue eyes.
Shit.
[had to run now or shed rip my head off.
I couldnt defeat Gabrielle! That damn daughter of hersshe knew! She knew Gabrielle was alive, and she had led me here on purpose! Gabrielle, I dont know how you came back, but I owe you no explanations.
I earned my place on the throne through loyal service.
Your daughter could never bear that burden.
Istood tall with dignity, but my eyes never stopped searching for an escape route.
"Look at the bright sidethere she is, alive and kicking.
If she had been queen, they probably would have taken her head already." For amoment, she just stared at me.
I swear my legs were about to give out.
Damn it.
That murderous aura crushed me as if a thousand tons were pressing down on my body.
Alow, raspy laugh escaped those crimson lipsthe ones I had once longed to kiss, to lose myself in.
She never gave me a chance.
"Take her head? What a fitting phrase.
I like it.
You've grown a pair over the years, Kael.
A snake slithering by my side...
how did I never see it?" She sneered, then snarled, "Go ahead, use it! Dare to wield the blood I ---- left for my daughter, right in front of me!" She didnt need to tell me twice.
Thad already scanned the area and spotted a crack I could slip through, though I had no idea if it led to the exit.
Icommanded her own blood, forcing the power to ignite in my veins, burning through my final reserves, and turned into fine mist, speeding through the air, hoping to disappear.
Apparently, not as hidden as I thought.
Something seized my throat with crushing force, shocking me so deeply that I lost control of my transformation.
My lungs couldnt pull in a single breath.
Icrashed to the ground a few meters away, clutching at my neck, struggling against the invisible claws strangling me.
Steady footsteps echoed behind me.
Cold sweat drenched my clothes.
Icouldn't die.
I wouldnt surrender to her without a fight.
###Chapter 170
---- VAMPIRE KING So I got up, barely able to breathe, and screaming like a madman, I lunged at her with my claws and fangs bared.
She lunged at me too.
We fought like we did in the past, only this time it was to the deathno more games.
My attacks aimed for her throat, her eyes, her chest, her weak spots.
But she just dodged and dodged, toying with me like a pet, leading me exactly where she wanted me.
Suddenly, her hand grabbed my head, her claws digging in so deep that I thought shed crush my brain into pulp.
Furious and desperate, I struck at her chest, trying to wound herbut it didnt even faze her.
Her beautiful, cruel face came closer, filled with hatred and resentment.
"Dont think itll be that easy, Kael.
As long as I liveand this time I plan to live for a very long timeyou will always be by my side.
Isnt that what you wanted? Didnt you crave my blood and power?" Her vicious words froze me.
Her claws sank deeper and deeper into my skull, and the pain brought me to my knees.
I gripped her wrist in desperation, clenching my teeth to keep from groaning in agony and humiliation.
"Go to hell, damn you, Gabrielle! You and your daughter can rot! If only you had been mine...
If you'd just looked at me once, none of this would have happened!" I roared, shoving her away and freeing myself, dizziness washing over me as more and more blood streamed down from the holes in my head.
---- I tried to stand, but I couldn'tnothing in my body would respond! Asearing burn coursed through my veins, like acid instead of life-giving blood.
"Give me back what belongs to me, thief," she said, calm and unwavering.
Unshaken, towering over me like always.
They called her the Merciful One, but only I knew how bloodthirsty this woman could be with her enemies.
"Aaahhh!" I couldnt hold back the scream as Gabrielle's blood began pouring from every pore and cavity in my body.
She was draining me alive.
I crawled across the golden floor, trying to escapeI knew she wouldnt kill me so easily.
No, she would torture me for centuries.
Itried to summon my power again, but another scream tore from my throat when my arm was ripped clean off my body.
Through the blinding pain and tears of blood, I looked toward the entrance to Umbros' prison.
I could feel its unstable vibrations.
Asuicidal idea crept into my mind.
Idrather die quickly than suffer a slow, agonizing torment for centuries.
At least, if I didnt survive, neither would her damn precious daughter.
ook QUINN Despite the critical situationdespite my body feeling like it had been burned alive over and over without reliefwhen she appeared, my entire
###Chapter 171
---- world focused on that woman.
Groaning softly, I pressed my ribs and sat up to watch her as the crimson remnants revealed her pale, sensual skin and long black hair cascading down her bare back, almost reaching her hips.
She was magnificent.
Her commanding voice echoed, distorted and terrifying.
The things she was doing to the Vampire King would chill even the bravest warrior.
Like nowwhile he crawled away like a worm, leaving a bloody trail behind, she merely watched him and followed, savoring her work.
Walking barefoot, she dismantled him piece by piece without even touching him, just slicing through the air with a flick of her long claws.
Damn it.
Why was I getting turned on by such a macabre scene? No, it wasnt the sceneit was the woman executing it.
I didnt even need to see her face clearlyI knew.
My heart, now pounding wildly, confirmed it.
She was the same woman I had seen in my dreams ever since I found that portrait on an ancient scroll.
Thad tried to sneak it out of the village during my illegal ventures into the Dark Realm, searching for a cure for Celinebut they caught me, and I had to flee.
My attraction to Valeria had been a lie.
Tonly saw in her the features of the real woman who had captivated me, the one who called to me, just like nowI couldnt take my eyes off her.
"T love her wild scent.
I can feel it in my instincts, Quinn.
She's ours.
That female is mine," Mordred, my inner wolf, confirmed the craziest thought ---- of my life.
How could I, of all people, even come close to standing next to the Queen of the Selenias? Goddess, what kind of sick joke was this? Dont do it.
Suddenly, I heard the old womans soft voice.
The one tending to Celine.
My sister was in far worse condition than I was.
The wrinkled face lifted, and those eyesdarker than the nightlocked onto me.
"Accept the rejection and wait for another chance.
That woman has a frozen heart.
You will never reach her, and you will suffer bitterly," she warned, her words shocking me.
Who was this old woman? She came from Valeria's pendant as some sort of magical companion, but could she be connected to Gabrielle? Ym not aman who gives up so easily, I replied without hesitation, meeting her gaze head-on.
Imeant it.
###Chapter 172
---- QUINN "Gabrielle, you may be powerful, and I may be just a simple lycan, but things wont always go the way you want." I thought as I watched her, and I swear for a second she paused her torture and turned her head slightly, showing me her profile, as if she had heard me.
However, she continued torturing that manhonestly, I had no idea how he was still alive.
Would she do the same to me if she found out we were mates? Dying at the hands of that beautiful femme fatale didnt seem like such a bad thing.
ook VALERIA Aldric! I stood up, rushing to him, worried about his wounds.
However, I stopped just before touching him, my filthy fingers trembling mere inches from his chest.
Aldric...
I...
I'm sorry for deceiving you...
I didn't know how to explain what I was...
I didn't even understand it myself...
Tears began falling freely from my eyes.
Tlowered my gaze, unable to look at him.
The world was collapsing around us, but nothing could hurt me more than his rejection.
I didnt even understand why I was here, and I knew he had saved me many times.
---- But did that mean he accepted me for who I was and that we could still be together? After all, I was even carrying his baby.
A finger gently lifted my chin, and his presence surrounded me protectively.
His intoxicating scent made every pore of my body sigh.
My uncertain blue eyes met his stormy ones.
His furrowed brow worried me, and the blood still pouring from his wounds made my heart ache.
We were both a mess, but he was seriously injured.
The only thing I dont know how to forgive, he whispered, leaning over me, forcing me to swallow the lump of emotions in my throat, is the fact that you ever thought I could hurt you.
T was wrong too, love.
I made mistakes, my hatred blinded me, but you showed me the truth, Valeria.
You showed me from here.
He touched the pendant on my chest, which now felt void of magic.
His hand moved down the tattered remains of my dress, resting gently on my belly, caressing it slowly.
A wave of unconditional love flowed through our bond.
He knew.
He knew we were going to have a baby.
Suddenly, images of that strange raven flashed in my mind, andI remembered how Aldric had shifted from a bird to a lycan right before my eyes.
Even his voice had guided and encouraged me toward the exit.
###Chapter 173
---- Tt can't be...
I thought...
I thought it was Nana.
I looked up at him in shock.
Tt was me, that poor bird you almost scared to death by telling him he was going to be a dad.
That was me.
He smirked, letting out a soft huff.
My heart pounded with love.
I loved him.
I loved this man so much.
We'll talk about everything later, little one.
But right now, I have something more important to do.
In the blink of an eye, he knelt down, kissing my belly and whispering softly to our baby.
His strong hands wrapped gently around my waist, and he lifted me effortlessly into his arms.
Aldric, I whispered, clinging to his neck, desperate to merge with him, and he pressed my head against his chest, holding me like a child.
Protecting me, whispering how much he loved me, how much he had suffered upon realizing he had attacked and hurt me, how hard it had been to watch me be humiliated while he was imprisoned by the collar.
He told me that no matter my race, I was his mate, and he would burn in fire for me if necessary.
And I knewit.
I knewit with certaintyhis love washed over me, healing my insecurities.
I should never have doubted our bond.
I should never have doubted him, despite my fears, despite his hatred.
Baby, we re going to be fine, Valeria.
Everythings going to be okay.
We'll take care of our little one, no matter what happens.
Ill always be by your side, he promised.
And finally, I felt my soul had found its place.
---- Ilooked beyond us, watching the carnage my mother was unleashing, pouring out her hatred.
Honestly, I didnt feel the slightest bit sorry for that man.
Seeing the power of a mature Selenia made me realize everything he had stolen from me.
I was just a defective copy of my motherthat was the truth.
somethings happening.
Suddenly, Aldric tensed, holding me closer and pulling us away from the fight.
I lifted my head to see the shift in battleeverything happened too fast.
That man, a mere wreck, cut to pieces by the Queen, lunged forward with what seemed like his final will toward the Lunar Gate.
He was too close! NOOO, YOU DAMN COWARD! LYCAN KING, PROTECT VALERIA! My mothers scream echoed.
She turned to look at us, and I barely had time to sense the buildup of concentrated magic energyall coming from what remained of the Vampire King.
It couldnt be.
He was using his life force to blow up the gate.
That was insane! BOOOOOOMMMMM! Ablinding light filled my eyes, and in my final moments of consciousness, I saw Gabrielle spread giant crimson-feathered wings, as if soaked in blood, shielding the massive explosion, standing before the danger and holding back the debris from the gate.
"MOM!" I screamed in my mind one last time, feeling warm arms around me as I fell into the abyss from the collapsing bridge.
---- Then, nothingjust cold and darkness.
###Chapter 174
---- VALERIA My body was exhausted, not just physically but mentally as well.
Ever since I was tricked into fighting Aldric on that cliff, up until the moment everything around me fell apart, I had been tense and stressed, overthinking my options, fearing the future, not knowing how to survive in the present.
I dont know where I am or what has happened.
My confused mind reconnects with reality, but something immediately comes to mindIm pregnant.
Scared, I shift my senses, checking my belly where my pups healthy life continues to grow and develop.
Ilet out a sigh of relief.
That was the most important thing, and then I focus on the person beside me.
Someone is breathing behind me, a warm body, much larger than mine.
Im lying down, blinking as I try to focus on the strange furniture in the room.
The hand around my waist tightens gently, possessively, pulling me closer to the broad chest, merging me with the powerful body.
Vale, are you awake? The rough, familiar male voice pours into my mind.
The man behind me tenses, and I feel him shifting, trying to turn me onto my back.
Ido as he wants and move into position on the bed where we are resting.
---- His beautiful face, with worried gray eyes, looks at me intently.
Little one, answer me.
Does anything hurt? Do you feel any discomfort in your belly? Id better call the sorceress...
No, Im fine, Aldric.
Im fine, and so is the baby, I stop him as he starts to get up.
Hes lying on his side, almost on top of me.
I lift my hand and take one of his reddish strands between my fingers, then move to caress his beard.
He looks somewhat haggard, his furrowed brow full of worry.
His eyes close, and he leans into my touch when I stroke his face.
This is my man.
I dont know how I ever imagined living without him by my side.
Youre going to turn into a wrinkled old man if you keep this up, I say, running my fingers over his furrowed brow.
He lowers his forehead to press it against mine, sighing, his broad hand descending to caress my belly tenderly.
All his love, the promises for us, pour through the strengthened bond that connects us.
Tve been so scared, baby.
Ever since I realized on that cliff how wrong I was about you, not a second has passed without fear, he confesses against my lips, and Im even surprised that a man as proud as him would speak this way.
T feared for your life, feared your rejection, losing you forever because I was a fool.
His tormented eyes open as he carefully lays his body over mine.
Tlove the feeling of him dominating all my space, skin to skin from head to toe.
###Chapter 175
---- He cups my cheeks in both hands, making me look at him through the soft rays of sunlight filtering through the window slats.
Valeria, I love you.
Im telling you again, I dont want you to have any doubts about it.
If you had told me, I know I would have been in shock, maybe acted like the animal I am at first, but I would never hurt you, my love.
Never.
And I couldnt stay away from you even if I wanted to.
Youve captured my heart, Selenia Valeria.
I swallow the lump in my throat with effort, and tears of emotion spill from the corners of my eyes uncontrollably.
T love you too, King Lycan, I whisper, running my hands down his strong back muscles.
For along time, you managed to make me fall completely in love with youwith your rough ways, your toxic jealousy, and your crude ways of showing me your heart.
I guess I must be a masochist deep down.
Ismile and am gently embraced, savoring the peace and healing this moment brings me.
His delicious, wine-flavored lips touch mine in a kiss full of promises.
The most important one is that we would never be apart again.
We would raise our pup together, no matter the obstacles destiny threw our way; we would face them united.
Aldric, what happened? Where are we? We stop kissing, breathing heavily, our legs tangled, and our bodies joined.
We're in the village of the Happy Witch, he answers, pulling me closer to his chest and turning us to our sides.
I then notice the canopy bed, the white gauzy curtains hanging from the four posts, a wardrobe in the corner, a dresser with a huge mirror.
Whose ---- house is this? Tt belongs to that conniving, scamming sorceress, he replies, as if reading my thoughts.
We got here after that psychopath blew up the door, the bridge collapsed, and I protected you the whole time.
Thanks to your mothers magic, we resurfaced through the underground currents and walked all night back here.
But...
did that woman just let us stay in her house like that? What do you think? he asked, raising an eyebrow, and I could already imagine the mess he must have caused.
You fainted and wouldnt wake up.
I was nearly in agony with worry; your magic seemed depleted, and the whole situation was chaos.
Then she appeared in the forest in front of us, that White Sorceress who healed Celine and treated everyones wounds.
We needed a place to recover.
Kael is no longer king.
We arrived at the village, and I took control.
This was the best house, so I kicked out its owner and handed her over to the villagers.
It was best that you werent awake for it.
He tells me, and with all the mischief hes done and the hatred they must feel for him, I dont even want to imagine her fate.
And how are the others? Quinn and Celine, I ask, even though I can feel their presence nearby.
They had survived, and Aldric confirmed it.
Valeria, theres something...
he suddenly gets too serious.
Queen Gabrielle...
she...
Did she die? I sit up, my chest tightening, the fragmented memories before I passed out starting to take shape.
Its true.
She was standing by the door, so close to the danger and the ---- explosion...
It couldnt be.
She was too powerful! No, no, relax, baby, breathe.
Breathe.
You cant get upset, think about the pup, he immediately holds me by the shoulders.
Valeria, Ill take you to see her, but you have to be strong.
Your mother...
she sacrificed herself to save us all and seal the door with the power of the Selenias.
She...
shes not doing very well.
Take me to her, I said decisively, moving to get out of bed.
I thought things would be bad, but when I entered that dark room and saw herthe powerful, unstoppable, indomitable, and beautiful Selenia seeing what she had become now filled my heart with pain.
###Chapter 176
---- VALERIA I walked out accompanied by Aldric, his hand on my waist, pulling me protectively against his side.
Outside, voices could be heard.
I didn't know whose they were; they seemed to be coming from the courtyard.
Ilooked up at the tall ceiling beam.
Even though this was the best house in town, it still felt dark and oppressive.
The green striped wallpaper on the walls gave off a dizzying and claustrophobic effect.
Turning a corner, we arrived at another hallway with bedroom doors on one side.
Quinn was standing in front of one of them.
"Quinn, why arent you resting? Are you okay? How's Celine?" I quickly stepped forward.
I know Aldric doesnt like my closeness with this Lycan, but we've been through too many life-or-death situations together.
To me, Quinn and Celine are like comrades-in-arms, my friends, and I feel nothing else for him.
"I'm better, and Celine is resting.
I'm really glad nothing happened to you; thats what matters most," he says with a nod.
He looks exhausted and haggard, with dark circles under his eyes.
He doesnt seem to have rested at all, and his expression is filled with worry.
Is he lying to me about Celines condition? "Love, your mother is resting in this room.
I think she want to see you ---- alone," Aldric speaks from behind me before I can question Quinn.
Iturn around when he strokes my back.
"Baby, take it easy, okay?" he says softly, caressing my neck.
"The pup is fine, but the sorceress told me shes a bit stressed.
You cant keep putting yourself at risk.
Even though shes a strong baby, we need to take care of her, understand?" Inod, promising that I will.
Im getting too nervous with all these precautions.
What am I going to find in there? My somewhat rigid hand reaches for the doorknob, and I slowly open the door.
"Shes been longing to see you.
You are her reason to live now, Valeria," Quinn's whisper reaches me before I step inside.
I glance at him, a bit puzzled.
Why does he look so anxious, as if Gabrielle is too important to him? Without overthinking it, I finally step into the dimly lit room and close the door behind me.
The strong scent of medicinal herbs assaults my nose, making me wrinkle it slightly.
The heavy curtains are closed, and the little light that enters seeps through a few slits in the window.
Step by step, I walk toward an old canopy bed, also draped with those white curtains, closed.
Through the darkness, I can barely make out the silhouette of someone lying on plush pillows.
As I get closer and my eyes adjust to the dim light, my breath catches in
###Chapter 177
---- my chest.
Icant see her body because shes covered up to her chest, but her hands, resting outside the quilt, are wrapped in white bandages, just like her neck.
Her face shocks me the mostshe has a bandage around her eyes, covering her vision, and from its edges, horrible red burns spread across almost all the skin on her cheeks and forehead.
"Ga...
brielle," I say, holding back tears as I carefully sit on the edge of the mattress.
I dont even want to touch her.
Im afraid of hurting her with just a touch.
"My child, you re finally awake," her voice comes out in a whisper, tired.
Her fingers near my hand start moving, trying to reach me.
Trembling, I carefully take her hand.
Even through the bandages, the red, burned skin is visible.
Tears begin to fall from my eyes.
I barely know her; I only saw her fora moment.
How could such a strong woman end up like this? Dont cry, dont cry, my baby.
Everything is going to be okay," she tries to squeeze my fingers, and that action alone seems to take all her strength.
Will you be able to recover? You're a Selenia.
Do you need blood? Is there something we can get you? More magic?" "I need you to be well and safe, to find the happiness youve never had until now," she interrupts me.
"You have no idea how sorry I am, daughter.
You can't imagine how much I wish I could turn back time and make better choices." ---- Isee tears rolling down from beneath her bandage.
Her pale, cracked lips tremble as she holds back sobs.
"When the Goddess summoned me, for a second I thought about refusing.
I didnt want to be separated from you.
But when I held you in my arms and looked into your little eyes, I knewI had to sacrifice myself so you could live in a safe world," she confesses, caressing the back of my hand.
"I never imagined I was saving you from Umbros only to deliver you into the arms of an even greater enemy." The pain she feels reaches me, despite trying to contain it to avoid affecting me.
"What happened, happened.
Im fine and alive.
Ma...
ma..." I say the word I only ever used for the she-wolf who raised me, but I had always longed to call my real mother that.
"T dont blame you for anything.
I know you did what you thought was best for me.
I can forgive everything except you giving up now.
You cant leave me alone again, Gabrielle.
You just cant." Tlean forward, carefully lying beside her.
Her hand moves slowly to caress my hair.
The bond of blood is something that irreversibly unites hearts.
Thad never seen her before, yet I feel so close to her.
She emanates the same feeling as Nana's magictrustworthy and protective, the warmth of amother.
The door was weak with the power of the Selenias out of place, and then it exploded because of that damn bastard, she explains in a whisper that resonates through the dimly lit room.
###Chapter 178
---- Thad to pour all my magic into sealing it again, but still, I'm not sure how long it will hold.
It's not the same as the spell the Goddess created.
T can give you back the magic you gave me.
I can return it so youcan heal, I sit up slightly, touching the pendant where I can feel my inner energy slowly recovering.
No, no, my little raven, she has chosen you.
She has bonded with you of her own free will.
It's the only gift I could give you, and Im so glad I did, she stops me.
Valeria, I have already lived my life.
I wont die, Iwont, because I must protect the door.
But as long as all my power is there, I cant heal myself.
Im practically just an ordinary person now, with nothing special.
Then we must find another way to seal that prison so you can recover, Icant give up on this.
Its so unfair that she has to keep sacrificing herself for everyone.
My time should have passed long ago, my child, she whispers with a sigh.
All my sisters gave their lives to keep the hearts power beating.
I believe Im the only one who has managed to survive.
Maybe it has to do with the wish the Goddess granted me during my trial.
She tells me, and I remember the moment I almost died.
The Goddess rewarded me with a long and numerous lineage.
T begged her to let me meet you one more time.
She smiles slightly.
Seeing her beautiful face so ruined fills me with sorrow.
I clench my teeth, my lips trembling as I hold back my sobs.
At least Im grateful I get to see you for a few seconds, the beautiful woman my Valeria has become.
Those horrible scars, daughter...
its time to let them go.
Valeria, leave the past behind and live happily with your ---- baby and your mate, as I couldnt.
As long as I have a single breath left, I will keep the evil away from my family.
She confesses, and I touch her tears with the tips of my fingers.
"No, Gabrielle, things wont be like this, this time.
I cant let you keep sacrificing yourself for everyone.
We have to find a way to contain that prisoneror even better, end him once and for all." "No Selenia will sacrifice herself anymore in the name of the Goddesss mistakes."
###Chapter 179
---- ALDRIC "Quinn, I need you to return to the Realm as soon as you recover.
I left everything in Beofs hands," we moved a little away from the door to discuss our matters, standing by the window that overlooked the garden.
"We were ready to start the war.
I told Beof to have the army prepared to attack the Dark Realm.
Now its no longer necessary, but I fear he hasnt received any news from me and might attack..." "T cant," he replied, looking me straight in the eyes.
I could see the defiance in them.
"You forget, King Lycan, that my sister and I committed treason.
We deceived you, and I am no longer part of the Guardians' order." "Dont give me that bullshit!" I growled angrily, but then glanced at the bedroom door and decided to calm down.
"If Ihavent held anything against you and Im sending you to the Realm to take charge, why do you think that is? Were not females, Quinn.
Were not going to hold hands and be best friends, but its obvious I have nothing to accuse you of."" "You deceived me, yes.
It pissed me off too, but you protected my mate and my daughter, even defying me.
You had her back, and that means more to me than any grievance.
Anyone who takes care of my family can only have my gratitude.
Thanks to you and Celine." He stared at me in astonishment, as if he had expected me to tear his throat out.
I admit Im a brute, but Im not irrational or ungrateful.
"We didnt do it selflessly; we had our own reasons too.
Doesnt it worry you that I might be interested in your mate?" ---- Are you interested in her, Quinn?" I questioned, stepping forward.
In fact, Id like to clear up a few things right now.
Isaw how he behaved with Gabriellehe was the first to rush to her aid and carried her on his back all the way here.
"Gabrielle is my mate," he blurted out, and I swear that was the last thing Texpected.
I thought that since he liked Valeria at some point, seeing the similar features made him switch targets...
but it seems things happened the other way around.
Quinn would be my father-in-law and Valerias stepfather? What kind of fucked-up coincidence is this? "T wont leave her side, especially now that she needs me so much.
Im sorry, but I cant go to the borders of the Realm to contact Beof," he explained, and honestly, I was left speechless.
If thats the case, I completely understand his position.
"Tl do it," I suddenly hear Celines voice behind me.
"Celine, you need to rest; youre not fully recovered." "Quinn, its not that bad.
With the sorceresss medicines, Im feeling much better," Quinn walks toward her, and I turn to watch them argue about it.
I think about all the things that need to be resolved.
Now the Dark Realm has a power vacuum.
All its inhabitants must have felt their kings death, and that will open the door for many vultures to try and take the throne.
Gabrielle, in her current state, cant take over.
Iremember our conversation wellshe wants me to support Valeria in
###Chapter 180
---- becoming Queen, to unify both Realms as they were in ancient times.
Meas King, Valeria as my Queen.
The idea isnt so far-fetched, but I have to discuss it with my mate.
We will do what she wants.
Besides, theres something even more serious that I havent even told Valeriathe door to Umbros isnt as sealed or as secure as we thought.
Isigh, running a hand over my forehead.
I once dreamed of a quiet life in aremote mountain, without responsibilities, just taking care of my family.
Yet here I am, piling more tasks onto my agenda.
Well, Ive mated with royalty from the Dark Realm, and I dont regret it fora second.
If someone had told me months ago that Id be living with the very people I once called spawns, I would have kicked their ass for suggesting such blasphemy.
"Your Majesty Aldric, I will go and contact our army," I lower my hand and meet Celines determined gaze.
Now I understand why this Alpha always gave me such a bad feeling because she has dark realm blood in her veins.
But right now, all her past actions have turned into admiration.
"Then Im counting on you, Guardian Celine," I say, making a decision I never made in the past due to my distrust of her.
But its time to start changing my mindset.
"Guar...
Guardian?" she looks shocked, and I even see her eyes well up with tears, though she quickly hides it.
"Thank you...
thank you, Your Majesty." "T should be the one thanking you, Alpha Celine.
Im not doing this just ---- because you protected Valeria.
I know you deserved it a long time ago.
I...
Tm sorry." "Wow, youve become quite the saint.
Looks like someone wants to take the title of Pious away from Gabrielle.
I never thought Id see this." "Shut up, Azarot," I growl at my wolf, though Im glad hes recovering from his internal wounds and has the energy to bust my balls.
###Chapter 181
---- ALDRIC The truth is, all this sentimentality irritates me.
I only lower my guard with my woman, but that doesnt mean I dont feel it for real.
ll draft a manuscript for you to deliver to Beof.
By now, he should be at the western borders.
We need to meet, and on your way, find out the situation at the Vampire Kings castle, we start planning.
Quinns eyes never leave the door; his mind is never truly focused on the conversation.
Tunderstand him perfectly.
For aman of our kind, his mate is the most sacred thing.
Hes just going to have a hard time with this one.
Even in her current state, Gabrielle is a tough bone to chew, and it remains to be seen whether the jackal will become my father-in-law or if I'llend up losing a guardian from my ranks.
ook GABRIELLE After talking to Valeria, I finally feel at peace.
Inever thought Id end up like this.
Kael played me until the very last moment.
I always underestimated himthat was my biggest mistake.
Isense a presence.
Now that Im blind, my other senses have heightened.
Every fiber of my body screams in agony and pain, but nothing hurt more than having to leave my daughter behind.
Ican handle this, and more.
---- Brielle, old witch, what? Are you happy! didnt recover? I turn my burned face toward the spot where I know shes standing, beside my bed.
T must admit, my new mistress is much nicer than the previous one.
I like Valeria; shes not a harpy like her mother.
Shes a good girl, I snort at hearing her, always with that viperous tongue, yet she still calls mea harpy.
Its incredible that she is my primordial magic.
Tlower my head and sigh.
Thank you.
Without you, I would have lost her.
I was such an idiot.
That, I wont argue with.
I always warned you that man was secretly in love with you.
When you chose a simple vampire and fell for him instead of choosing him, his love turned into hate.
He waited patiently to get back at you through our little one, she grumbles.
Ican already imagine her wrinkled face scolding me, wearing that ridiculous little hat she copied from a real witch we once met.
Well, I dont want to talk about Kael anymore.
Hes no longer a threat.
Now theres a far worse danger, Brielle, and you know it well.
With the heart removed, the Selenias power has weakened significantly.
The seal on the door isnt permanent, and if I die...
Bad bugs never die, Gabrielle.
Let me give you some advice, even though you usually wipe your ass with them.
Stop being so damn stubborn, woman! she starts scolding me again, just like my mother used to.
Shes like her reincarnation.
Youre not alone anymore.
You have a daughter whos found her own protector.
Learn to delegate.
Youre no longer the queen.
Rest and wait; a solution will come.
The most important thing now is to unify the Realms so everyone fights for the same cause.
And one more thing...
###Chapter 182
---- She fell silent, and I knew exactly what was coming next.
That man is your mate.
Hes out there in the hallway...
J dont want him.
Do you really think I care about finding a mate right now? You knowits not that simple, after what happened to Draven...
Draven was a vampire.
They tend to be colder, even when it comes to love.
But this mate of yours is a powerful Lycan.
Dont underestimate him like you always do with men.
Males of his kind dont give up so easily.
I think youve finally met your match.
T feel sorry for that poor man who ended up with such a troublesome mate.
He seems like a good guy, she says, taking my hand and channeling some of her magic into me, easing the terrible pain I feel.
Hey, dont be so hard on me, damn fake witch! The truth is, this brings me so much nostalgia.
I never thought Id get a second chance at anything.
No, dont waste your energy on me.
Take care of Valeria and make sure the pup is well nourished, Brielle.
You must teach her to further develop her innate powers.
They re far below the true power of a Selenia, and now I cant even give them my blood.
I pull my hand away in exhaustion, but she grips it tighter, almost making me hiss in pain.
J do whatever I want.
Youre not my mistress anymore, Gabrielle, and Valeria sent me to ease your pain.
Dont worry about the rest; of course, Tll take care of them, I sigh in frustration at her.
Its impossibleshes so powerful that shes developed her own spirit and strong personality.
At some point during the healing, I fell asleep.
I could only rest in short moments, and my eyes were the worst agony.
---- Something soft and slightly damp was brushing against my collarbone.
###Chapter 183
---- GABRIELLE Iwoke up abruptly, tense.
It wasnt the healing sorceressI knew exactly who it was.
Relax, dont make any sudden movements.
Im just keeping your healthy skin clean, as the healer instructed, his low, soft voice poured into my ears.
Icould picture him leaning over my body, his blond hair falling to his shoulders, his golden eyes focused.
Thad only seen him briefly when I expanded my senses upon rebirth.
Hes beautiful and masculine, so sexy.
He could easily find a mate within his own kind.
Im not the one for himespecially not now, not after what Ive become.
You dont have to do this.
There are others who can Of course, I have to do this.
No one can take care of you better than I can, he said.
I remember his voice giving me strength amidst all the chaos and pain.
No, I raised my hand, trying to grasp his wrist, frustration burning inside me from not being able to see anything not even having the power to "see" my surroundings with my mind.
Inever thought Id find myself like thisso useless, so insignificant, so dependent.
Right now, were going to perform the rejection ceremony, like in your race, so you ll have the chance to find another mate.
T wont accept it.
I dont want to argue with you about this again.
I know ---- we dont know each other, but give me the chance The chance for what?! I snapped, trying to sit up, clenching my teeth to hold back a groan of pain.
Do you really want to chain yourself to a worthless woman? If you re holding onto the image you saw at the sanctuary, forget it.
Ill never be that again, and even if I could, I dont want a mate.
Do you understand? I wouldnt have accepted you anyway! Irejected him mercilessly.
It was better if he hated me.
Besides, what I was saying wasnt far from the truth.
Im nota healthy woman when it comes to relationships.
I never really cared about anything except my daughter and my former mate, Draven.
In the end, I killed him myself.
This man seems like a good person; he doesnt deserve a harpy like me.
J, Gabrielle Von Car I couldnt even finish speaking when soft but firm hands pushed me back against the pillow, and his lips brushed against mine, wetting their dryness, sucking them erotically.
I froze, not knowing how to respond.
So sweet...
This lycan smelled and tasted just like my favorite dessert apples and honey.
It made me want to devour him whole.
Every time you try to reject me, Ill take advantage of you, his heated whisper fell against my lips, sending a shiver down my spine.
I even forgot how much pain I was in.
you're no longer the all-powerful Selenia, so what? Do you really think that bothers me? I think you dont know me well enough, and you think too highly of me.
Im not a noble knight, Gabrielle.
His words sounded like a delicious threat.
I couldnt see him, but for
###Chapter 184
---- some reason, I imagined his intense gaze.
His fingers stroked my wrists, pinning me down against the bed.
With you like this, it gives me the perfect opportunity to do whatever I want, Your Majesty.
Try rejecting me again, and 1ll give you more than just a kiss.
There are parts of your body that are still perfectly healthy Ive already checked you from head to toe.
youre so damn bold, lycan! You...
How dare you look at my body?! How dare you touch me?! I leaned forward in anger, our faces mere inches apart.
I could feel his breath against my bandages and my bruised skin.
J dare because youre mine.
Only mine.
You have no idea how long Ive been dreaming of you, Selenia.
Iclenched my fists and pressed back when I felt him speak into my ear with that rough, seductive tone.
I had never felt so dominated before.
T will move heaven and earth to heal you, Gabrielle.
Ill do whatever it takes, but no matter what happens, I will stay by your side forever.
J dont want your pity, I turned my face to the side, drowning in the dark abyss of blindness.
You will never have my pity, sweetheart, he whispered, gently kissing my cheek, and a knot twisted in my chest.
I can only offer you my unconditional love and my heart.
A heart that Ill crush in my fist.
Tts yours.
Do whatever you want with it, he replied with a sigh, and I felt him shift.
I thought he was getting up to leave, but he remained seated beside me on the bed.
The sound of water dripping from a wrung cloth filled the stillness of the room.
---- Damn it, what kind of situation is this? Mother Moon, after so many years of serving you, you put me in this mess? The worst part of all is that right now, I need to pee.
Can I not even go to the bathroom on my own anymore? From being the powerful Selenia, Queen of an entire Realm, to being the hostage of a love-struck lycan...
Is this some kind of damn joke from the Goddess?
###Chapter 185
---- QUINN Celine, do you really want to take on such a dangerous mission alone? I spoke through the bathroom door while she was getting ready to leave.
T know its important, but maybe they can track Beof through magic.
Brother, she suddenly stepped out, already dressed, with her dark hair pulled up in a high braid that fell down her back.
We've spent our whole lives fighting to fit in somewhereat least I haveand I dragged you along with me, making you feel like an outcast too.
Youve found your mate now, and I have to keep searching for my path.
She raised her hand and placed it on my shoulder, looking at me with that innate bravery in her bones.
No matter what I say, youre not going to back down, are you? I sighed, cupping her cheeks and pinching them.
When you were a baby, you were so cute and always followed me around like a little tail.
When did I lose my obedient Celine? She huffed, pretending to be annoyed, but the redness in her ears betrayed how poorly she hid it when being praised.
Stay here and take care of your mate.
Nothing will happen to me.
Its not the first time Ive traveled incognito through the Dark Realm.
Yes, but this time its different.
Everything is in turmoilthe internal war between sorcerers, hybrids, and vampires is about to explode, I warned, frowning.
---- Thats exactly why I need to warn Beof, so he doesnt get involved too.
Otherwise, itll be a disaster.
Besides, Im a Guardian now; I need to prove myself, she puffed out her chest proudly.
She always worked so hard to be recognized, and Aldric, with his foolish prejudices, had never given her the place she truly deserved.
Asudden knock on the door interrupted us.
Tts your stepdaughter.
When are you going to have the awkward conversation? she leaned in and whispered.
The word stepdaughter made me shudder in discomfort.
"Just because shes my mates daughter doesnt mean we have to call each other that.
Valeria and I are friends; it doesnt matter what my relationship with Gabrielle is," I told her mentally, walking over to open Celines door.
Oh, you re ready...
and Quinn, haha, you re here...
yeah, of course...
Valeria avoided my eyes unnaturally, clearly already in the loop.
T1l leave so you two can talk alone...
I made to leave.
No, no, stay.
I just came to say goodbye to Celine, she stepped forward and hugged her.
Isighed, at least relieved that my sister had found a friend with such a masculine personality.
Take care of the pup.
No reckless ghost hunting, okay? Celine scolded Valeria.
Yes, yes, maam, Valeria nodded with a smile, holding both of Celines hands.
Celine, Im worried about you leaving alone.
Here, I made this for you.
Just relax.
---- Suddenly, she pulled down Celines sleeve, exposing her bare shoulder.
Valeria placed her hand there, and that dark misty magic began to swirl around her as she chanted an incantation.
Aashsh, Celine whimpered in pain.
Tm sorry, the burning will pass quickly, Valeria withdrew her hand, leaving behind the shape of a raven between my sisters shoulder and collarbone, like a black ink tattoo.
T learned how to do this.
Its one of my messenger ravens.
We can communicate through it.
If you ever get into trouble, just do this...
and she explained how to activate the magic.
Tm sorry I cant offer you more protection.
Im not as great as my mother was.
This is amazing.
Thank you, Your Majesty, Your Highness...
Hey! Ihelp you with my magic, and you mock a pregnant woman! they started playfully arguing, making me smile, though the worry in my heart remained.
At least through Valeria, Id be able to keep track of Celine.
ll go get the Kings instructions before I leave.
Dont get too sentimental; itll only be a few days, Celine reassured us before heading off to see Aldric.
An awkward silence settled between Valeria and me as we were left alone again.
T know about you and my mother, she finally said, both of us standing in the middle of my sisters room, the afternoon sunlight filtering through the open window to the garden.
###Chapter 186
---- Does it bother you? Honestly, I was just a little surprised at how our relationship took such a turn, she looked at me, a bit embarrassed but not hostile.
As long as you make her happy and dont hurt her, I have nothing to say.
Its her life, and yoursyou two make your own decisions.
Valeria had always been a mature woman, though too reckless and compassionate.
She doesnt want me, I confessed, looking outside at the peonies swaying in the breeze.
The truth is, her rejection hurts more than Id like to admit, but my wolf and I are determined to win her over.
Then make her want you, Quinn.
Show her you re the best option for her the best mate.
I support you; I know youre a good man, she replied, and I looked at her gratefully.
Its strange to think I once believed I had feelings for Valeria.
Im so glad Aldric claimed and protected her, even from my false feelings.
Otherwise, this could have turned into a complete disaster.
Pll take care of her.
Let me handle Gabrielle in this situation.
Ill never abandon her.
And what if she stays like this forever, Quinn? Will you still stand by her, support her, even if she never regains her beauty and strength? she asked, stepping closer to me.
Tm willing, I answered without a second of hesitation.
Gabrielle is mine, and Ive already claimed her in my heart.
My wolf craves her.
I'll never leave her.
---- Then, as weird as it is, welcome to the family, stepdad.
Ill support you in your conquest.
She stretched out her hand, and I took it, shaking it as if sealing a deal.
We laughed at this bizarre joke.
Now that the last thing troubling me was settled, I could move forward with even more determination to win over my Selenia.
sek GABRIELLE How is the girl and the baby? I ask Brielle, unsure of what shes even doing in the room.
Shes fine.
Right now, shes in a meeting with the townspeople, waiting for news to decide whether to return to your palace or go back to the Lycan Realm.
No, she must claim her thronethe one that rightfully belongs to her in this Dark Realm.
I dont want her to continue being humiliated and marginalized.
She is my legitimate heir, I try to sit up, and although my wounds dont hurt as much thanks to the magical treatments, they still sting and itch a little.
Ahand mercilessly pushes me back against the pillows.
Stop trying to control everything.
Valeria knows what she wants and what shes doing.
For now, youd better focus your energy on whats coming next, her elderly voice tells me, and a shiver of fear runs through me.
The malice and mockery in her tone are evident.
What is this old witch up to? ---- ll leave you with your tormented love.
Who would have thought Id see you in this predicament someday, I feel her presence vanish, accompanied by her low, sarcastic laughter, just as the door opens, making me tense up.
###Chapter 187
---- GABRIELLE Damn it, its the white sorceressbut shes not alone.
The rich scent of apples seeps into my nose, impetuous and dominant.
How the hell can I get rid of this relentless man? sek "Help me remove her bandages.
The medicine I applied should have done its job by now..." Wait, sorceress!" I grab her hand almost by accident.
"'Cant you do that alone? If not, wait for my daughter or another woman to help you..." "Valeria is busy and pregnant.
Do you really want to burden her even more? Or have her worry about seeing you injured?" His firm, masculine voice leaves me no room to refuse.
Ipress my lips together, annoyed.
I certainly dont want to add more weight to my daughters shoulders, but why cant this useless witch do it herself? Its just removing a bandage! "Tm allowing him to stay because hes your mate.
I believe its best for him to know how to care for you," the sorceress explains with respect but firmness.
They used to tremble in my presence, and now they even dare to support this situation.
It seems the whole damn realm already knows I have a mate.
"Do whatever you want," I finally give in, not wanting to make a scene.
I feel the blanket being slowly pulled away, and suddenly, I feel a bit shy.
---- Ive never been the introverted type.
I always knew how to stir lust and desire in menthat wild, no-strings-attached passion, short-lived and consuming, had always been my favorite.
Only with my former mate did I have a steady relationship.
"This is how its done.
Remove the rest while I prepare the healing bath." Thear the womans footsteps moving away, and then an overwhelming presence leans over mewarm and protective.
His hands are large and strong, yet they touch my legs and arms delicately, almost as if afraid to break me.
"Wait, if you guide me, I can do it myself," I lift my hands, reaching for the front of my nightgown, where his fingers are undoing the buttons over my chest.
He takes my hands in his, larger and firm, not letting go as he continues undressing me, leaving me vulnerable to his gaze.
I dont even know how! look.
I think part of my chest is injured tooI must look awful.
Then an absurd idea crosses my mindI need to disgust him.
If he wants to do his charity work with me, let him do it until he feels sick.
"Tm tired, just continue on your own," I turn my head to the side, giving him the control he so desperately wants.
I try to stay calm, but for some reason, I'm getting nervous.
Damn this ! man! My nightgown is opened, and I clench my teeth when his knuckles graze my sensitive nipples as he undresses me.
###Chapter 188
---- Every chance he gets, his fingers brush against my healthy skin.
He lowers his head, and his warm breath falls onto my stomach.
I can clearly hear his heart pounding fast and strong as he removes the last barrier protecting me from his intense gaze.
Lift your hips a little, his deep, husky voice commands, low and seductive.
I arch up slightly, feeling my cotton underwear slide down my thighs and legs.
I swallow hard, not so convinced anymore that this was a good plan.
I lift my chin defiantly, knowing hes watching me, lying there naked on the bed.
At any moment, I expect to sense pity or sympathyI can easily pick up on peoples auras, even without seeing their expressions.
But the seconds pass in silence, and why the hell isnt he saying anything? Its driving me crazy! Even worse, that sweet scent of his grows stronger, surrounding me, melting my defenses.
Im starting to feel lost, about to pull my robe closedthis is absurd...
"The wounds are healing well.
Despite the loss of magical energy, theres no doubt shes a powerful Selenia," the sorceresss voice and footsteps draw near.
"Now, take her and immerse her in the medicinal bath.
It will help with the scars." Wait, you dont have to carry me! I can walk!"'I try to resist, but Im lifted into strong arms, pressed against a broad chest.
His hair tickles my forehead, and I remain rigid, refusing to touch him.
---- Her steps move toward the bathroom, and I think frantically about how I can manage to bathe myself.
Itll be a struggleI dont know my surroundingsbut...
"Keep an eye on her at all times.
The bath will benefit you as well.
Dont scrub the wounded areas too hard, just let them soak in the herbs.
The rest can be washed as usual," the woman began giving him instructions each one worse than the last! Thear her leave, and we enter a steam-filled room thick with the strong scent of healing herbs.
Its the bath.
The door creaks shut behind us, and I clench my fists, feeling somewhat helpless.
"You can lower me into the tub; I can bathe myself.
Im not useless," I say through gritted teeth, facing where I know his face isand I also know hes watching me.
His breathing draws closer, and suddenly, his warm breath caresses my lips.
"Looks like you ve forgotten my warning.
Im going to bathe you from head to toe, just as the healer instructed, and you have two options," he threatened relentlessly.
"You can behave, and I promise not to touch you too much, or you can keep resisting and give me a reason to wash you thoroughly, Gabrielle." Wash me thoroughly? I really hope that doesnt mean what I think it does.
Ima sick patient, damn it! "'So, tell me, hows this going to go?" I lean back slightly at his question, because our lips practically brush every time he speaks.
He waits for my answer, and it infuriates me.
Ive never beena ---- submissive woman, never one to give inI do whatever I damn well please.
"This is going to go the way I decide.
Dont get confused, Lycan.
Im in cha" but that delicious mouth assaults mine once again.
I want to resist the pleasure of his tongue exploring me, his canines grazing my lips, and the low growls rumbling in my throat.
Yet, I let myself be dominated by this sexy Lycan, and my mouth seems to have a will of its own, open and being devoured in his assault.
Saliva mixes with obscene sounds that echo off these four walls.
The steam rises, heating the already suffocating room even more.
Despite my resistance and my current condition, pain is no longer the only thing on my mind.
That familiar, thrilling tingle in my belly is unmistakable even after centuries, I know it all too well.
He sucks on my mouth and licks my ear erotically.
I pant, trying to break free from his spell of seduction, but he holds me tighter in his arms without hurting me.
So much for disgustthis isnt working at all, damn it! "Time to wash you, sweetheart.
You have no idea how glad I am that you chose the thorough bath.
Ill clean absolutely everything...
with great pleasure," he whispers huskily, stepping toward the bathtub with me in his arms.
Wait! When the hell did I agree to the thorough bath?!
###Chapter 189
---- GABRIELLE Thear the whisper of clothes being removed, and I can imagine that powerful, tall, and well-built body completely bare.
For some reason, the urge to see every inch of his skin floods my senses.
I fantasize about how his manhood might lookthe shape, the color, the sizeand I swallow hard at the images my heated mind is conjuring.
Tlower my head, feeling a little embarrassed.
I need to control myself, or my scent will betray me.
Were mates, and just as that lustful aroma of apples and honey is affecting me, I know very well that he can sense my desires too.
The bond between mates is something far too serious.
I dont even know this man, yet I feel hopelessly drawn to him.
His bare footsteps echo on the tiles, and I decide to stand up and show some autonomy.
Im blindso what? Im not some helpless woman who cant even take a bath on her own.
However, as I stand too quickly from the bench and take a step forward, my foot slips on the moisture created by the steam in the room.
Ilost my balance, falling forward, desperately searching for something to hold onto.
I didnt know this place, my hands flailed in the air with nothing to grasp.
Ibraced myself for the impact that never came.
My hands finally anchored onto strong shoulders.
His large, masculine hands gripped my waist possessively, my breasts pressed against his chest, and in my sensitive abdomen, something warm and semi-erect pulsed against me.
---- Inearly moaned in pleasure when the tip of my nose brushed against his damp, sweet skin, tempting me to lick and devour it.
Oh Goddess, what is this man doing to me? "Thank you," I whispered, trying to pull away slightly, my palms pressed against his chest.
"Tell me, Gabrielle, why is it so hard for you to let me help you? Is being mated to me that unpleasant?" his voice murmured above my head, his hands tightening around my waist, holding me closer while slowly caressing my lower back.
Iconsidered saying something harshI never liked explaining my actions to anyonebut for some reason, the sadness in his tone stopped me.
I didnt want to hurt him unnecessarily.
I wasnt that much of a bitch.
"I...
I've always been used to doing everything on my own.
I never liked depending on others," I confessed against his chest, falling silent for a few seconds.
There was still another truth to admit, but I pressed my lips together and said nothing, keeping it to myself.
?Of course it's not unpleasant.
Any woman would die to be your mate.
The problem isnt youits me? Iknew he was waiting for my answer, but after a few moments, he just sighed and leaned down, lifting me once again in his arms, princess- style.
"Tcan" "I know you can, that you're a super-powerful Selenia.
But I don't care
###Chapter 190
---- about that.
In my eyes, you're my woman and my mate.
Ill do anything for you, no matter how much you push me away," he silenced all my protests.
He carried me to the edge of the bathtub and gently lowered me into the medicinal water.
I thought it would be too hot, but it was surprisingly pleasant, and as I submerged myself, all the discomfort slowly faded away.
"Mmmm," I couldnt help but moan in satisfaction as every pore of my body soaked in the nature-infused magic.
I realized Id been too expressivehe had gone stiff, staring at me.
I didnt need my powers to smell his arousal and deep desire, which only awakened my own.
This bath was going to be torture.
"Lean back carefully," he instructed just as I was about to tell him he could leave.
"For what?" "I need to wash your hair, but the bandage on your eyes cant get wet," his deep, husky voice echoed through the room.
"Tcan" "Gabrielle.
direction.
"We can do this all dayyou refusing, and me insisting.
You " his hand firmly cupped my cheeks, tilting my head in his say you're so mature and ancient, but right now, youre acting like a spoiled little girl." He spoke seriously, his tone rough, and I had to admit I was being difficult.
But it was so hard to accept that I needed help.
Whether I admitted it or not, I needed him right now.
---- Sighing, I slowly leaned back, and he helped me rest my head on the rounded edge of the tub, where a soft towel cushioned my neck.
I listened to him moving around the room, unsure if it was all prepared by the sorceress or if he had done it himself.
My ears stayed alert, sensing him behind me.
I tensed when the first scoop of water was poured over my hair, hanging over the edge of the tub.
"Is it too hot?" "N-no," I replied, a bit nervous.
No man had ever treated me with such carenot even my previous mate.
Something gel-like poured onto my scalp, smelling of strawberries, and then his long fingers began to massage gently and slowly.
The pleasurable tingling made me relax despite the situation.
He rinsed my hair with water and lathered it again, his hand resting on my forehead each time to prevent any water from dripping onto my bandages.
He warned me before every step.
My heart pounded in my chest, and that familiar fluttering sensation stirred in my belly.
"Youve lived for centuries and even have a grown daughter.
Stop acting like a blushing virgin." I scolded myself, annoyed at how much I was enjoying this Lycans attentiveness.
Why are you so good at washing a womans hair? Did you do this for your past lovers?" I teased, trying to strike up a conversation and distract myself.
---- Why? Are you jealous that you're not the first?" he suddenly leaned down, his breath warming my sensitive ear.
"Tm not dumb enough to think a man like you didnt have other women before," I shrugged, but the thought of him doing this for another female of his kind left a bitter taste in my mouth.
What do you mean bya man like me?" he asked, and I decided to be honestwhy beat around the bush?
###Chapter 191
---- GABRIELLE "You're very handsome, from what I could see in the sanctuary.
You seem trustworthy and understanding...
sexy, very...
masculine..."" and you have such a sweet and delicious scent that makes me want to eat you up...
"Ahem, anyway, you could easily find another mate, even someone younger..." "I like older women, and I don't need anyone else.
I've already found my mate..." He grabs my hair in a firm fist, tilting my head back and taking control of my movements.
My breathing quickens at his words, and his tongue sensually licks the edge of my ear, his fingers trailing down my exposed neck.
"I have many more qualities, darling.
You just need to try them, and I'm sure you'll like them..."" he murmurs, sucking on my earlobe while his fingers lazily circle my collarbone.
"You're too cocky, Lycan..." "I know I turn you on, Gabrielle.
The scent your pussy is giving off is driving my wolf crazy.
No matter how much your lying mouth tries to deny it, your desires betray you." "Mmmm," I moan as his canines dangerously graze the frantic pulse in my vulnerable neck.
He grips my hair tightly, keeping me under his control.
"Aah...
it's just the bond's attraction...
Mmm..." His fingers erotically pinch my nipple, now rising above the water, while his mouth sucks hard between my neck and shoulder, punishing my wordsonly exciting me even more.
---- He kneads and fondles my breast, squeezing and circling my nipple with his claw, just as his tongue is making slow circles on my skin.
The sounds of our ragged breathing and my restrained moans echo in the small space.
"More...
bite me deeper..." my mind begs for things I don't dare say out loud.
Selenias have the blood of all three races mixed, but when it comes to sex, in my case, the slutty vampire within me takes over.
My canines itch inside my mouthI'm dying to taste his blood and something even more sinful sliding down my throat.
Suddenly, he pulls away and starts gathering my hair up.
I feel an unexpected emptiness when his touch is gone, masking my lapse by straightening my back in the tub.
Goddess, Im practically begging him to do more perverted things to me.
"Thad to raise my younger sister because we had no parents.
She was a little tyrant, very demanding about her hair, so I learned to wash it when she was just a child," he explains, snapping me out of my thoughts.
I picture him raising a little girl on his own, and my heart melts.
Ive always longed to raise my daughter with a good father by my side.
Damn it! This Lycan knows exactly how to push all the right buttons inside me.
This whole resistance thing is going to hell.
If he werent my mate, and if he didnt want something serious and forever, I wouldnt resist the pleasures this magnificent male could give me.
###Chapter 192
---- But I know very wellhe doesnt want just a night; he wants a lifetime.
His steps move away for a moment, and I think hes leaving.
Conflicting emotions crash inside my chestdo I really want him to leave? But I dont even have time to think it through before I hear him returning.
He must have only stepped away to grab something.
"Move forward a little," he instructs, and although confused, I follow his directions.
Im sitting in the middle of the tub, my legs bent due to the limited space.
The water ripples, and I realize hes getting into the bath with meright behind my back! What are you doing?...
Theres no room for both of us.
Wait until Im done" I start to get up, but a hot, hard body sits behind me, his arms wrapping around my waist to hold me still.
"Theres more than enough space for both of us.
Didnt you hear the healer say this medicinal bath is good for me too?" His voice is so close as he settles in, spreading his legs and pulling me between them.
"Are you...
sick? Why would you need a healing bath?" I babble, not even sure what Im saying anymore.
Tve fought thousands of battles, slept with dozens of men, and yet Im nervous because a virile, erect cock is rubbing shamelessly between my ass under the water.
"Yes, Im sick.
A part of me hurts a lotwill you help me heal it?" he growls low against my nape, gripping my hips with his broad hands and pressing me tighter against his body, rubbing that thick hardness that ---- could bring any woman to a delicious climax.
If that rock-hard thing is sick, then I must be a delicate flower.
"Tam sick.
You should have some consideration for a patient," I mutter, feeling ridiculous for even trying that excuse.
Alow, rumbling laugh escapes his lips, his chest vibrating against my back.
For some reason, my lips curl into a smile too.
Thave to resist.
Come on, Gabrielle, whats wrong with you? Its just the chemistry of the mate bondnothing more.
"Fine, ll be gentle.
Dont worry, Ill take my time and go at your pace, he murmurs.
Huh? What exactly does that mean? Isoon found outthe thorough bath was no lie.
"If you give me the medicine, I can spread it myself..." "You cant see the affected areas.
You might hurt yourself, even if theyre almost healed," he replies, refusing to let me do anything.
I find myself sitting, leaning forward, as his hands trail gently down my back, massaging from my lower back all the way up to my nape.
Ibite my lips to keep from moaning in satisfaction at his touch.
"Lean back," he instructs, and I shiver, knowing the most compromising part is coming.
For some reason, a longing stirs inside my chest.
If resisting is useless, why not give in to my primal instincts? Just this once...
only once...
###Chapter 193
---- GABRIELLE I deserve this, after so many centuries of doing nothing and being imprisoned inside a damn statue.
I grab the edge of the bathtub, feeling around with my hands and clinging to it, moving completely backward.
Asensual sigh escapes his lips when I practically sit on his cock, feeling it tremble against my ass.
I love the way his body responds to mine, even though I know Im at my worst.
He wastes no time rubbing my front; I notice he's careful with my arms they seem to have been the most affectedand the area of my chest, just above my breasts.
I'm grateful I was wearing the dress made from the blood of the Selenias, which protected me from the explosion.
Wait, lycan...
I grab his hand as it begins to move down my stomach while the other lazily caresses the areola of my breast, which hardens, begging for his attention.
Do you really want me to stop? His heavy breath falls against my neck, sending shivers down my spine.
His rough, sexy words invade my ear, and Im completely leaning against his body.
T wont get my hopes up over a little groping, Gabrielle.
Im not an inexperienced brat, even if I have fewer centuries than you.
Were two adults having a good timeforget about everything else.
---- He plants temptations in my thoughts.
I know they re sweet deceptions, but my body burns with desire, my core throbs, craving to be touched and defiled, to be penetrated, even if only with his fingers.
My mind is clouded with lust, uncontrolled, and my legs slowly part, my thighs pressing against his, giving him access to my intimacy.
His lustful mouth sucks on the side of my neck, one hand teasing my nipple while the other...
Mmmm, I moan softly at the first touch of his fingers on my clit, moving in slow circles and pinching that sensitive spot that hardens and quivers with excitement.
With my world in darkness, every sensation is magnified a thousand times.
Every caress feels more erotic, every whisper and moan makes my pussy tremble and my insides burn.
I never imagined experiencing sexual pleasure so intensely.
Maybe its not because of my lack of vision, but simply because Im with him.
I feel my juices dripping from my pussy.
I'm dying for him to go deeper, to masturbate me thoroughly, with at least two fingers, fast and hard, but he only teases my outer lips.
His finger glides over the tiny entrance again and again, which contracts, lustfully waiting for him to slip inside and have it suck him in completely.
Iknow hes doing it on purpose.
His body is tense, his panting quickens, and that sweet scent seeping through every pore of my skin tells me how much he's holding back, how badly he wants to punish me for rejecting him, thinking Ill beg.
But baby, Im not a woman you can play with that easily.
Unfortunately, youve met me in my worst condition, but you've pushed me right to the
###Chapter 194
---- limit where you wanted me.
You wanted to play? Then lets play.
Isuddenly rise, catching him off guard, and sit fully on his body, pressing my ass against his hard abdomen, sending water splashing from the sudden movement.
Wait, Gabrielle, you might hurt yourself, what the...? Sshsh damn it...
Mmm...
sek QUINN Ican't help but groan as I feel her hot, open pussy riding me, her hand slipping down to grab my cock under the water.
She leans fully against my chest, making me recline against the edge of the bathtub, feeling every inch of her skin against mine, almost lying on top of me in the tub.
I growl deeply against her nape, my wolf's canines bared, and clench my knuckles against the wooden edges, holding back as her tight fist moves up and down, jerking me off quickly, bringing me to the edge of bursting with pleasure.
Thad been struggling to resist touching her intimacy without entering her.
I'm dying for those slippery, soft folds to suck me in to the core, but I wanted her to ask for it.
However, right now I have her moaning with her back to me, writhing over my strong muscles and giving me the hottest handjob of my life.
Her intense pheromones, both spicy and sweetlike pink pepperare driving me into the dark, obsessive lust I feel for this female.
At this rate, Im going to make a complete fool of myself.
---- Gabrielle, wait, baby, aahh fuck, easy, its not a damn cucumber...
T thought you didnt know how to do it, she whispers excitedly, her breath nasal and ragged.
Thats how you do it, baby, cause you looked a little lost.
Give me your hand.
She asks, and I take her outstretched hand, then she guides me to her gorgeous, heavy breasts, making me squeeze them between my fingers.
I grope them roughly, full of desire.
Ive been patient and a gentleman, but I'm starting to notice that what turns Gabrielle on the most is my primal, animal side.
She grabs my cock and guides the tip along her dripping wet pussy, sliding it up and down right at the edge of penetration.
God, this woman is driving me insane.
Aabhh sshhh baby, you re so huge, you're so damn hard, Mmmm...
I bet this cock feels amazing fucking me deep, she moans, picking up the pace.
My hips start moving from below, pushing my stiff length between her open folds and the palm of her hand, giving it a full massage, up and down, over and over.
She bucks her hips over me, hissing in excitement every time the swollen tip brushes against her clit.
Her ass rubs erotically against my abdomen, and her moans echo through the rising steam, clouding our minds.
###Chapter 195
---- QUINN "Thanks for the lesson, Ive memorized it by heart," I suddenly growl into her ear, biting down hard on her earlobe until I taste the hint of blood dripping onto my tongue.
My female trembles from head to toeI know very well that the vampi side of her loves bites.
I take control after letting her play for a while, sliding my hand down as my fingers go straight to her pussy, more than ready and dripping pure desire.
"Aahhhh," she moans like a beautiful courtesan, arching her back whe slam three fingers inside her, immediately working them in and out, facing little resistance from her wet, stretched pussy.
I picture her lying on the bed with her legs spread wide, taking my cock inside that needy little thing, squeezing me and draining the life out of me, and my desires soar through the roof.
"Sshhh ggrr, baby, who said you could stop jerking me off?" I growl, grabbing her hand and pressing it firmly around my cock, making her continue stroking me.
Didnt she want to teach me? Well, she can play teacher until the very end.
"Tell me where you like it...
Sshh, tell me, Gabrielle.
Here...
or here..." I mercilessly thrust my fingers inside her, exploring and memorizing every spot that makes her scream like an experienced whorejust for my ears, just for my pleasure.
I torture her clit at the same time with mv thumb, teasing that sensitive ---- little button that drives her crazy.
"There...
ssshh ahhh keep touching me there, more, fuck me faster..." she moans, lifting her hips, lost in passion.
Her hand speeds up over my cock, squeezing me deliciously between pain and pleasure.
"Say my name, or! stop...
Beg me with my name, Gabrielle!" "Quinn, please dont stop...
aahh, dont stop, baby, dont stop, my lycan, please...!" And I didnt stop until I had satisfied both of us.
Her hoarse scream echoed through the small bathroom seconds later, followed by the contraction of every muscle in her pussy, demanding something from my fingers that they couldnt give her, sucking me in, milking me, melting around me.
Tl give you what you want soon, horny pussy, but for now, I can only spill it into the water, growling like the heat-crazed wolf I am for her.
My tight balls contracted, releasing my thick load between my womans fingers.
I lowered my mouth and bit down on the side of her exposed neck, on the untouched skin.
I couldnt resist the instincts of Mordredmy inner wolf howling excitedly, calling for his mate.
If Gabrielle had her powers as before, Im sure she would hear him.
Thavent lost hope that sheIl recover, but even so, I love this female to death.
Even in this state, Ive longed for her for too many centuries.
We stayed there, panting, reveling in the intense release, her slightly parted lips letting out short sighs.
Her entire weight rested on me, almost lying together in the half-empty
###Chapter 196
---- tub, the water having spilled onto the floor during our games.
I licked the wound I left with my canines and felt her pulse race even more.
My hand caressed her rosy, erect nippleI loved her tits, I loved absolutely everything about Gabrielle.
God, I have to control myself.
The healer told me no sex for the first few days, and we practically did it.
"Do your wounds hurt? Did I hurt you?" I started inspecting her arms, where only the scabbing from healing remained.
Anyone else with the damage she suffered would take months to recover; my female is incredible.
"Now you care? After taking advantage of a poor sick woman like this?" she replies shamelessly.
Yeah, lets see who really took advantage of whom.
"Please, tell me the truth.
I'm sorry if I was too rough, I lost control, I" "Lycan," she says, turning her face to the side and raising her hand, searching for something.
I take it in mine, guiding it to my face.
Her fingers trace the line of my jaw, and I just stare at her intensely.
I'd give anything to see her without blindness, to have her look at me with those beautiful blue eyes full of defiance and strength.
Dont apologize.
I dont like being treated with pity...
or vanilla sex," she says, and I watch her plump lips, mesmerized.
"Dont be so good toa woman like me.
I dont deserve you, Quinn.
I really dont want to hurt you." "You can only say my name when you re begging for pleasure like you did earlier," I cut her off, pressing a quick kiss to her mouth to silence ---- her.
"Dont think you ll soften me up with that, Gabrielle.
I told you, were both adults, and Ive already made my decision.
Let me take care of you, and if you want to kick me out of your life once youve recovered...
well, we'll see." I said it without an ounce of intention to leave her.
She fell silent for a moment but eventually sighed in defeat.
Ismiled at the adorable pout on her lipsshe had no idea how persistent Icould be when something truly fascinated me, and nothing had ever fascinated me as much as this Selenia.
'lm fine, nothing hurts.
We can get out now, I want to rest," she said, lowering her head, trying to slip back into her indifferent state, but I wouldnt let her off that easily.
"Tll take you to bed now and dry your hair and your entire body," I said, wrapping my arms around her, running my hands under her arms and caressing her stomach.
I felt her shiverI loved how her body responded to me, far more honest than she was.
"T dont know anything, Im just an inexperienced young man.
I need an experienced woman like you to teach me...
Didnt you say you wanted to be good to me, Gabrielle?" "Quinn...
you re such a shameless bastard," she moaned under my caresses, tilting her chin up with those sensual, parted lips.
Thats it, baby.
Say my fucking name, because its going to be the only one coming out of your mouth while you surrender to pleasure for the rest of your existence.
---- You re not escaping me, Gabrielle.
###Chapter 197
---- VALERIA "She is the rightful heir to the throne of the Dark Realm; she is a Selenia and the daughter of Gabrielle the Merciful," the White Sorceress introduces me to the crowd gathered in the square after our private meeting with her.
We were standing on the stage used by the village chief.
Their sallow faces, marked by poverty and neglect, look at me with skepticism.
"If she was the heir to the throne, where was she while the Vampire King was destroying the Realm?!" "Yeah, she was even with him! What guarantees do we have that shes not testing our loyalty to the Realm? You say he's truly deaddo you have proof, or are we just supposed to believe the words of some woman? The crowd hurled accusations, some boldly, others from behind the safety of the masses.
Asudden roar silenced them all.
"Whoever questions my mate again, I'll rip their tongue straight from.
their throat!" Aldrics enraged voice boomed beside meI knew he was on the verge of losing control.
"Tam the Lycan King, and Valeria Von Carstein is my mate.
She doesnt need to usurp anyones throne when she is the Queen of the Werewolf Realm!" ---- idea who Aldric was.
Many werewolves had never seen him in person, let alone these people.
"But..." "But what?!" He glared defiantly at a man in the front, who immediately stepped back in fear, his mouth snapping shut.
"Are you going to ask me for proof that I'm the Lycan King too? I'd be happy to transform and show you ina fight." "Calm down, love, take it easy," I took his hand beside me, squeezing it and pulling him closer, or this would turn into a massacre.
"These ungrateful fools only seem to understand fear and intimidation.
They're so used to being under the Vampire King's boot that theyve become masochists." He huffed in my mind, wrapping his arm possessively around my waist and pulling me closer, his canines bared as he growled low at them.
Iknew he wanted us to return to the Werewolf Realm, but I simply couldnt bury my head in the sand and hide.
Iwas about to speak to ease the tense atmosphere when the Sorceress took the floor again.
"I recognize that we've been through difficult times, times when we thought our prayers to the Goddess would go unheard.
However, here stands the answer," she pointed at me.
"Daria, where are you?" She suddenly called a name, and everyone turned to look.
From the back of the crowd, a woman stepped forward.
I recognized her immediately she was the mother of the dying child.
"Daria, I know you thought it was me who gave you that remedy for your little one, but in reality, it was Valeria," she said, and the woman turned
###Chapter 198
---- to me, her eyes filled with astonishment and doubt.
"If you want to blame someone, then blame me too.
After losing my family to the witch hunts, I isolated myselfI didnt want to die, soI stayed away from the village," she confessed, her voice dropping in shame.
"However, Valerias magic found me, and I helped her with a potion for her friend.
She could have stopped there, but instead, she asked me for another remedy and risked being discovered by the Vampire King just to give it to you and save your son," she revealed the truth of my actions.
"Thats the kind of person Valeria is, and I believe we should give her a chance and trust in her.
I believe she will be an incredible Queen." "Ts that true? That night, was it you who helped me?" the woman asked, stepping forward, her red-rimmed eyes locked on mine.
"Yes, I threw the medicine vial through your window and hid," I added details to make her believe me.
Her eyes welled with tears, and she nervously clutched her patched apron.
"Thank you, Your Majesty...
Thank you so much..." "Daria, don't bow to her! Its the least she could do! Where has she been all this time? Where did Gabrielle go, leaving the Realm in the hands of that tyrant?" "Yeah, yeah, all our suffering is because of the royal family! She only did it out of guilt!" The uproar interrupted the womans gratitude.
Their hearts were too full of hatred, and they had found someone to unleash it on.
Suddenly, a rough, cynical laugh echoed from behind me, drawing closer.
---- The crowd fell silent, and I turned, astonished, watching as she climbed the steps with Quinns help.
Despite her blindness, she walked with unwavering confidence to the center of the old wooden stage.
"This really feels like a circus of fools," my mothers humorless laugh finally ceased, her face twisting into a sneer of contempt and arrogance, her chin held high, not really seeing anyone.
"Ts it really Her Majesty...
Gabrielle?" "Oh, by the Goddess, I thought she was dead!" "But what happened to her...2" murmurs of shock spread through the crowd.
My mother's condition had been kept a secretuntil now.
###Chapter 199
---- VALERIA Does my daughter owe you an explanation? Are you resentful towards the royal family? Do you think you can take it out on her now? Why didnt you unleash this rage before, to fight against the King who treated you like scum?! She roared, her vampire canines bared.
Even in her current state, having lost her power, it was incredible how her aura could still crush a persons heart.
Nota single sound could be heard in the square.
You want to know what the hell I was doing? This is what I was doing! she suddenly ripped off the bandage covering her eyes, exposing her horrible scars and blind eyes to everyone.
My breath caught in my chest, and I wanted to step forward to stop her I didnt want her to expose herself like this just to defend me.
She must be suffering terribly from the sudden light.
"No, Valeria, watch and learn, my love.
This is how a Queen should look.
You still have a lot to learn," Aldric took my hand, stopping me and pulling me to his side.
My red eyes watched her with concern.
Acollective gasp rose from the crowd, and some turned away, covering their mouths to hide their shock.
This is the price of guarding the Specter Kings prison! Its time you all learn what the Selenias do.
No more sacrifices for ungrateful people like you! she roared, clenching her fists, trembling with fury.
---- T left behind my daughter, who matters far more to me than your miserable lives.
Look at her face, covered in scars! Do you think her life has been easy? Growing up without a mother, being betrayed by the Vampire Kingthat man deceived us all! So dont you dare judge my Valeria! Everyone lowered their heads, no one daring to meet her gaze.
I was sure there were no longer any doubts about my lineage.
Anyone with complaints can blame me entirely, and I can assure you, I couldnt give a damn about your grievances! My chest swelled with warmth and pride.
The Von Carstein family will reclaim the throne! Valeria will be Queen, and you can either accept it willingly or by force! Believe me, we can be far worse than King Kael! Now get the hell back to your damn homes, and the next person who speaks ill of my daughter will be executed! Naturally, they all scattered, nearly running away.
Ismirked sarcasticallysometimes, I truly didnt understand people.
I still had much to learn, that was certain.
Mom! I lunged toward her when I saw her sway and almost fall, clutching her face.
Before I could reach her, Quinn was already there, scooping her into his arms and shielding her against his chest.
Put the bandage back on, quickly.
Her eyes must hurt a lot, he urged.
I took the dark cloth from her trembling hand and carefully placed it over her half-hidden eyes against her mates shirt.
Mom, Im sorry.
You shouldnt have done that, you didnt have to...
Tears rolled down my cheeks uncontrollably.
I knew she was holding
###Chapter 200
---- back to keep me from worrying, but she was in agony.
Seeing her gray eyes, nearly white, made my soul ache unbearably.
Vale, dont cry, dont cry, my little one, she weakly squeezed my hand resting on her lap.
It was just a scolding for those ingrates, dont worry, Im fine.
You should be resting, theres too much light still.
Come on, lets go back...
Tl take her to rest, dont worry.
Take care of things here.
I think that woman is waiting for you, Quinn answered for her.
He held my mother possessively, but instead of feeling jealous, I was relieved that she had his unconditional love.
Yes, yes, sweetheart, stay here, Vale.
Im fine.
Isighed, relenting, and kissed her cheek gently.
She smiled softly.
It was incredibleI'd never had her by my side, she should have been a stranger to me.
Yet, I didnt know if it was the bond of blood, but nowI felt that if I lost her again, it would be unbearable.
Amother who speaks for me, defends me, and gives me her love without reservations or conditionsthat's something priceless in this life.
I watched as Quinn carried her back home.
It seemed they had gone out for a walk earlier.
Tm sorry for such a hostile welcome, the White Sorceress said beside me, her face full of shame.
Tts fine.
I suppose they just need time to adjust, I replied impassively.
All the while, the protective presence of my man lingered behind me ---- my greatest pillar, the fierce and loyal wolf.
Your Majesty, a timid voice called from below the stage.
It was the mother of the sick child.
I descended to speak with her in the half-empty square.
Thank you so much, Princess Valeria.
I will be grateful until my last breath.
I support you, Your Highness...
###Chapter 201
---- VALERIA "No, no, please dont kneel," I stop her just as shes about to kneel before me.
"T will speak to everyone.
I was the wife of the former village chiefthey listen to my opinion." "TlLalso speak on your behalf, dont worry," the guide chimes in witha smile, the same man I gave a few coins to when we arrived, so he could lead me to the deceiving witchs house.
I thank them, and although this small village may seem insignificant, its the first step toward changing the hearts of the people in this Realm.
My mother was my mothera powerful Queen, strict but fair.
lam me, a stranger who fell out of nowhere and now has to fix all the mess that traitorous Vampire King left behind.
"Come, lets run.
You need to free yourself from all these worries.
I want some time alone with my wife," my mates deep voice caresses my ear as he intertwines his fingers with mine and leads me to an unknown place.
I follow him without hesitation, through the dirty, narrow alleys, weaving through the labyrinth of dark houses until we reach the edge of the forest, where we step into the embrace of nature.
The sunsets rays gently caress the leaves of the trees, easing some of the sorrow and poverty of this place that was once prosperous.
"Shift into your wolf form, lets take a run," he urges, and I watch as he sensually pulls off his shirt, revealing his powerful chest adorned with red and hlack trihal tattans that rinnle nver hic miucclec ---- He slowly and provocatively unbuttons his pants, letting me stare at him like a pervert.
He hooks his fingers into the waistband of his boxer briefs and slides them down, removing his pants and underwear in one go, giving mea hot and exciting view of his half-hard cock.
"Do you need a towel for your drool? Or should I clean it up with this?" He shamelessly grabs himself, massaging the dark pink tip, making it stand even firmer.
Iknow hes teasing me, but honestly, hes got me drooling.
"T think I prefer the second option," I reply, licking my lips, provoking himIm not going to be the prey here.
"Get naked already, you little cock tease, or Ill end up taking you before we even start running," he growls through clenched teeth, stepping back, barely restraining himself.
His delicious scent assaults my senses, and his masculinity stiffens between his legs, betraying his lust.
Ismile and slowly strip, torturing him just as he did to me.
Ilean forward to slide my panties and dress down my hips, his wolfish eyes fixated on my breasts as they sway from side to side.
Textend my hand, and he takes it, steadying me as I lift my foot to fully remove my clothes.
Yet, Im feeling playful.
I want to forget everything else and just enjoy time with my mate after so many hardships.
"Ah!" I "accidentally" trip over my dress, falling forward and placing my hands on his strong chest.
###Chapter 202
---- I take a deep breath, inhaling the delicious scent of his pheromones intoxicating my senses, and I shamelessly run my hands over him.
"Baby, please, have a little mercy on me, Valeria," he whispers hoarsely, lowering his head to bury it in the crook of my neck.
"You started provoking me, King Lycan," I tilt my head to the side, granting him access to my neck for his passionate kisses.
His hands roam down my spine to the small of my back, then firmly grasp both of my ass cheeks, pulling me closer against him, dominant, rubbing his hard, ready member against me, promising the most thrilling pleasure.
My nipples brush against his powerful chest, and my fingers tangle into his silky red hair, the same shade as the sunset on the horizon.
"Lets run already, I just...
[just need my bootsMmm," I moan when he playfully nibbles on my chin.
"I promise I behave." I tell him, and he straightens up, looking at me with lust, passion, and something far more complex lurking in his gray eyes.
"I love you, woman.
You have no idea how much I desire you, Valeria," he suddenly confesses.
His heavy breath fans over my lips as his finger traces them.
My heart pounds hard at his explicit declaration of love, and our bodies meld into a tight embrace.
"Tf you want to be the Queen of the world, I1l lay it at your feet, my Selenia.
Dont be afraidIll always be at your back, supporting you." Alump forms in my throat.
This brute, wild lycan is mine, only mine, and Iwouldnt trade him for anything or anyone.
---- Then your Queen asks you to help her take off her boots.
Can you obey?" I tease, expecting some sarcastic response, but what he does next completely disarms me.
Aldric kneels before me, one knee sinking into the grass while the other supports him as he takes my leg and rests my boot on it.
"Wait, my wolf, you dont have to do thatit was a joke, Aldric," I say, surprised, placing my hands on his shoulders for balance.
"For me, its never been a joke, Valeria," he says seriously, looking up at meas his fingers gently undo the laces of my tall black boots, helping me take them off.
"From the moment you walked through the doors of my castle, I knew you were mine.
Even though I tried to resist, you ll always be mine.
My wolf and I surrender to you willingly, Valeria Von Carstein.
On my knees, I swear my loyalty and fidelity to youwe will never betray you.
Wed rather die first."
###Chapter 203
---- VALERIA Aldric, I gently caressed his forehead, my hand trembling with emotion as he leaned forward and softly kissed my belly, where our little one was growing strong and tenacious.
ll ask my mother about the Selenia bonding ritual.
Lets do it, my mate.
I want you to mark me forevermy heart has been yours from the very beginning.
He nodded, and his overwhelming joy reached me.
Ismiled and stepped barefoot onto the ground, enjoying the soft grass between my toes, feeling like I had the best company in the entire world.
We hid our clothes in the hollow of a tree, and I took off running through the forest, laughing like a little girl.
My body shifted, my human legs transforming into four swift paws, dark fur sprouting from my skin.
The little Omega wolf fled playfully from the enormous Alpha chasing her through the ancient forest, heading towards the sound of the ocean waves.
On the horizon, the orange rays of the sun signaled the approaching night.
We soon arrived at a small, secluded beach, with crystal-clear waters and soft, light-colored sand.
"Do you like it? We found it by accident yesterday while you were napping." ---- "Tlove it, Aldric! Its beautiful!" My eyes sparkled with amazement.
This was an incredible sight.
The sea always amazed meit was one of the most breathtaking things I had ever seen in my life.
I was eager to dive in, but I wasnt sure if there were any dangers.
"Theres no danger, we already checked it.
But Ill go first just in case." He read my thoughts as we moved forward, my paws sinking into the warm sand heated by the sun.
The salty breeze ruffled my fur, and I took a deep breath, closing my eyes in delight.
"Pfts, Azarot wont stop saying I should tell you he was the one who found it for you," he said in annoyance.
Ilooked to my side, amused by my wolfs starry-eyed expression, eagerly awaiting praise.
I moved closer, licking his snout affectionately, then nuzzled his neck, rubbing our heads together with love.
"Tm dying to talk to him.
I think after the Selenia ceremony and the permanent mark, Ill finally be able to," I confessed, feeling his soft licks on my ear.
His tail wagged happily from side to side.
"Hes dying to talk to you too, babe.
If I let him, Id have to be his interpreter all day," Aldric grumbled, and I laughed.
"Lets try the water!" I suddenly exclaimed, lunging toward the shore.
He followed closely, and when the water touched my paws, I tried to splash him.
Jajajaja! I laughed as he tackled me onto the sand, playing the way he lovedwasting no time sniffing and licking me all over, that perverted
###Chapter 204
---- wolf.
Things started to spiral out of control; I knew exactly how this romantic getaway would end.
And why deny it? My body always craved this sexy and passionate lycan.
Wait, wolf, wait!" I was on my backat the shore, covered in sand and soaked by the waves.
Azarot's huge, playful body hovered over me, covering me dominantly.
He stopped and looked at me with that wild, primal expression.
have a surprise for you both, okay? Let me...
let me go over there," I pointed toward the tall rocks a few meters away.
"Are you feeling unwell? Is it the pup?" "No, no, Aldric, its just...
a surprise.
Can you give me amoment?" I nuzzled his wet wolf nose with mine, and he finally relented, standing up reluctantly.
I trotted along the shore, hiding behind the reef rocks sculpted by the sea.
My heart pounded nervously, ready to burst from my chest.
I shifted back into my human form and summoned the pendant that appeared out of nowhere against my chest.
It was an instrument to better amplify and channel my inner magic.
Nana, help me...
Im going to do what you taught me.
I hope I can do it right, I whispered anxiously, closing my eyes to let the magic circulate through my veins, rising to my neck, repairing every damaged tissue and every scar that had become part of my existence.
---- ALDRIC "Lets shift back," I told my wolf, both of us restless since Valeria had closed off our mental link.
We knew she was closewe could feel and smell herbut being disconnected from her drove us insane.
Why should we shift? I can protect her better this way." "Shift back already, damn it! Cant you just do things without arguing?!" "Who the hell made you the boss here?! I'm not shifting a damn thing Im staying like this to defend my mate!" "AZAROT!" "Guys...
Im ready," suddenly, my Selenias nervous voice reached us from nearby.
Azarot and I instantly raised our heads and fixed our gaze in her direction only to be left completely speechless.
"Do you like it?"
###Chapter 205
---- ALDRIC Aldric, our mate...
she's so beautiful! She's always been stunning in my eyes, but now...
wait, no, no, no! Every male is going to be looking at hershe draws too much attention! "Guys, I'm really getting a little nervous here.
Please, say something," Valeria says hesitantly, taking small steps with her hands clasped in front of her.
The skin on her cheeks and forehead looks healthy and rosy, those scars have disappeared, revealing to everyone the breathtaking beauty of my wife.
A bittersweet feeling swells in my heart.
Of course, I want her to be healthy, to regain her confidence, to walk without people whispering behind her back.
I want her to feel good about herself.
---- But at the same time, its as if a treasure that only I had discovered is now on display for the entire world to see.
"Azarot, snap out of it, you fool! Youre standing there with your mouth hanging open! Lets shift back; I need to tell our mate that shes always been the most beautiful to us." "Aldric, tell her I love her like a crazed, psychotic wolf," he finally grumbles, sighing, and switching places with me.
I open all my emotions to Valeria, letting her feel the love from both my wolf and me.
"Baby, I have no words.
Valeria, you've always been the best to me, to Azarot." I shift into my human form and take her hand, pulling her against my body.
Her heart pounds wildly.
I caress her cheeks and kiss her forehead.
"I'm already feeling jealous.
You're too stunning; I ---- don't want other males looking at you." "Pft, you're such a fool, my mate," she teases, smiling with that sexy mouth I love.
"T used to look like this in the past, and he still left me for another woman.
I dont think Im that special.
Maybe people stared at me more because of my scars." "Don't compare yourself to that bitch!" I growl angrily.
That damn Alpha had his taste in the gutter imagine comparing this stunning raven-haired beauty, with her ocean-blue eyes, to that bland blonde.
"You met her? Sophia?" she asks curiously, placing her hands on my chest.
"T met her when you were captured, and you dont have to worry about that scum or that pack.
I know everything, Valeria, and what you did to that man was far less than what he deserved," I say firmly.
---- "T avenged you, with that old hag and I disfigured that whore before I killed her." "She was his mate.
I was just a fool who got infatuated with a man who never loved me..." "Dont talk about him in front of me! You're not allowed to think about any other maleonly your King!" "Aldric, aahhh...
hahahaha!" she squeals when I lift her by the waist, carrying her and running toward the water, splashing everywhere.
The sun dipped below the horizon, and the clear sea waters lapped warmly at our skin as I ventured deeper.
I made her wrap her legs around my waist, gripping her firm ass tightly, her delicious breasts nearly at face level.
I gazed up in fascination at the beautiful face of the woman who was mine forever.
Her long black hair cascaded with salty water, droplets trailing down my rugged skin.
###Chapter 206
---- "Make love to me, my lycan.
Take me.
Only you make me feel like the most beautiful and desired woman in the world," she whispered seductively, lowering her lips to mine.
I opened my mouth to her intoxicating assault, drinking in that bittersweet taste that overwhelmed my senses.
My fingers slipped between her ass cheeks, teasing that hot, wet center that ruled over my will, stretching and preparing her with two fingers, getting her ready to take the hardness that already stood proudly between my legs.
My mouth moved down her pale neck as Valeria threw her head back, surrendering to pleasure, digging her claws into my shoulders and arching her back while floating in the water.
I sucked on her rosy areola, licking and savoring it like a starving man.
My ears filled with the sound of waves and my mates excited moans.
---- I gripped her hips and slowly pulled her down, pressing her tightly against my body.
A deep growl rumbled from my throat as I felt the intense pleasure of sinking into her inch by inch, merging with this perfect body the Goddess had created just for me.
oR HR RK CELINE I pulled my hood tightly over my head to hide from prying eyes as I walked down the dark street of the town I had just arrived in.
I was exhausted.
I had been walking through the forest for days without shifting into my wolf form to avoid drawing attention.
In this Realm, werewolves were not welcome.
I reached this settlement and hesitated before approaching.
It was occupied by low- ranking witches and weak hybrids, but now tensions were ---- running high.
During my journey skirting other settlements, I had heard the rumorsthere was a conflict brewing between the vampires and the sorcerers, both factions vying for control of the castle and the throne.
I had to conceal my vampire side even deeper within me.
From a hidden corner, I eyed the sign of the old inn and scanned the dimly lit street.
Few passersby walked by, and after some hesitation, I decided to cross and enter through the creaky wooden door.
The noise from the bar and dining area in the adjacent room immediately hit me.
My dirt-covered boots crossed the small reception area, the old wooden floorboards creaking under my steps.
The reception desk was empty.
I grabbed the bell and rang it, soon hearing the heavy footsteps of the innkeeper emerging from an interior door.
###Chapter 207
---- "Do you have a room available?" I asked.
The burly man, with his graying yellow- streaked hair and greasy brown locks, looked me up and down.
"Theres nothing available in the inn.
I can only offer you the stable," he replied gruffly.
"Are there any other lodgings in town?" "No, just this one.
Do you want the stable or not?" he said impatiently.
I was about to agreeafter all, I was so exhausted I could have fallen asleep standing upbut a heavy arm suddenly draped over my shoulders, and a male body pressed against my side.
"Old Louis, I can share my room with this lady," I looked up to see a tall, thin man with greasy blonde hair grinning at me with yellowed teeth.
"Oh, shes pretty.
Whats your price, sweetheart?" "Whatever she does is her business.
If she wants to crawl into your bed and stay there for the night, ---- youll just have to pay me extra for crowding the room," the innkeeper added with a shrug.
"T want the stable.
Im not sharing a bed with anyone," I said, shaking off the mans arm with annoyance.
I finally paid the few coins the innkeeper charged me to sleep next to the animals.
"Hey, kitty! If you change your mind, Im in room sixlI pay well for the night!" the slimy man shouted behind me.
I didnt even flinch.
As long as he didnt touch me, I didnt care about the nonsense he spouted.
But some people just dont take NO for an answer.
###Chapter 208
---- CELINE Islipped into the dining hall and sat in a discreet corner, pulling down my hood under the cover of darkness and ordering my mealI was starving.
Around me, the loud chatter of drunken men filled the room, laughter booming as barmaids with their breasts nearly spilling out served drinks, getting groped left and right.
I didn't like this place.
Id spend the night and leave at dawn.
"Hey, they say the Lycan King is on the move.
His men are advancing through the southern border.
"You think we'll be ruled by Aldric Thorne now?" "T doubt it.
The sorcerers need to beat the vampires to take control of the castle.
Whoever controls the castle controls the Realm..." "But what about the curse? It activated after the Vampire King died, and now no one can enter the palace..
Bits and pieces of conversation floated around me, fragments of information I had been collecting.
Icouldnt care less about the internal struggle for power in this Realm, but I was heading south to meet Beof.
That night, I arranged my straw mattress on the old wooden floor.
Thad chosen the second floor of the stable, where tools were stored.
From there, I could look down at the horse stalls and keep an eye on the entrance.
---- I wasnt going to sleep with both eyes closedI had learned the hard way that danger lurked everywhere.
And as expected, my instincts were right.
That night, whispers in the dark woke me.
Crawling silently, I peeked over the edge of the platform, my vampire eyes spotting a group of about seven men in the shadows.
"Shes gotta be around here.
Have you checked all the stalls?" It was the same guy who had offered me money to spend the night with him.
"Yeah, are you sure she came this way?" "Ben, she better be worth it, or were gonna fuck you instead tonight." "Very funny, idiot.
If shes not here, there's only one place left," I shrank back as seven pairs of eyes turned simultaneously toward the upper platform.
Thad to escape.
I couldn't take them all on at once.
Jumping to my feet, I grabbed my hood and sprinted toward a small window at the back.
I'd jump from the second floor and lose them in the forest.
"Quick! Shes escaping!" their shouts echoed behind me, but I focused only on unlocking the latch, pushing up the glass, and slipping my legs through to leap out the back of the stable.
My legs landed gracefully on the grassthis was the advantage of wearing pants instead of a dress.
I sprang to my feet and the chase began.
It was still early dawn, and the forest was close.
I darted into the darkness, using my small lead to my advantage, but soon enough, they were hot on my trail.
###Chapter 209
---- They were hybrids like me, and some were witches.
Honestly, I didnt understand these foolshow could they discriminate against others when many of them were part vampire too? The sound of footsteps crushing the grass, their jeers, and excited voices grew closer.
Thad no idea where I was headed, but I pushed all my powers to their limit.
My vampire side was even faster than my wolf.
However, a sound behind meright at my heelsmade me lunge forward, rolling across the grass and landing in a crouch.
Thissed, baring my fangs, my blood-red eyes gleaming.
I had narrowly dodged a sneak attack.
They emerged from the trees, and I scanned for a way to slip through, but they had surrounded me, forming a tight circleI was the prey in the center.
"Mmm, you werent lying.
Shes real fine." "What is she, half wolf?" "They say women of that race are fiery and resilient.
Lets have some fun, little wolf..." The first one dared to step forward, reaching out to grope me.
I didnt hesitate.
My sharp claws slashed through his arm, tearing deep into his flesh with a painful wound.
"You fucking bitch! Grab her! Were gonna fuck you until you bleed dry!" That scream marked the start of the fight.
I moved quickly toward the weakest one.
While they spewed their filth, I was studying them.
---- He barely had time to react before I snapped his head to the side with all my strength, hearing the sickening crack of his neck breaking.
Astrong hand suddenly grabbed my braid and yanked it back, controlling my body.
For a second, I thought hed rip my scalp right off.
I kicked the man in front of me straight in the balls, making him double over, but two others grabbed my arms.
I knew I had to deal with the one holding my hair first, or Id be at their mercy.
Asudden gust of air whooshed past my earsomeone was aiming for my throat from behindwhile in front of me, a sorcerer prepared to cast a spell.
Everything felt like slow motion, my mind working on an escape plan, adrenaline surging through my veins.
Ireached up with one hand to grab the base of my hair while the other blocked the incoming strike from behind.
I took a nasty gash, but despite the blood dripping down, I tightened my grip on his wrist and roared, twisting my body sideways, using his momentum to drag him down with me as a shield.
Pain shot through my scalp, nearly making me blackout, but the scream in my ear and the smell of burning flesh told me my plan had worked my captor had taken the sorcerer's attack instead of me.
The pressure released, and I shook my head to clear the dizziness.
My eyes locked onto a gap a few meters awaythe forest seemed to call me to escape.
I wasnt a match for all of them, no matter how brave or reckless I was.
They had underestimated me, which gave me the upper hand for now, ---- but once they got coordinated, Id be cornered.
Before they could realize their advantage, I sprinted toward the darkness, free at last.
I didnt get far.
The crack of a whip sliced through the air, wrapping around my right thigh.
Abrutal force yanked me backward, slamming me face-first into the dirt, and I was dragged back toward those bastards.
###Chapter 210
---- CELINE I didn't even think twice before forcing the shift, but surprise, surprise Icouldn't summon my Alpha wolf.
"Mfa! What the hell are you doing?!" "Tts the whip! It must be enchanted, Aaaggg! I CANT SHIFT!" My wolf roared inside me.
I kicked wildly in every direction, struggling on the ground to get up, but the blows, kicks, and punches rained down on my body.
"You filthy vampire bitch, you asked for it the hard way!" "Rip her clothes offI'm going to enjoy breaking her!" "Aagagrr, Aahahh!" My claws dug into anyone who dared to lean down to strip me, but soon my wrists were pinned above my head, my legs pried apart.
My face snapped to the side with a brutal slap that nearly knocked me unconscious.
Ibit my tongue, swallowing more blood as a kick landed hard against my ribs and stomach.
The whip wrapped around my thigh like a venomous snake, tightening more and more.
But I would resist until deathI wouldn't end up like my mother.
I wouldnt allow it.
Id rather die first! "Mia, you're an Alphafight harder, PUSH HARDER...
this spell belongs to alow-rank mage!" ---- Iurged my wolf, hearing the tearing of my clothes.
My swollen eyes struggled to focus, and I fought against the darkness threatening to consume me.
"Someones coming, Celine, people are coming!" She warned me without stopping the fight, but we were too weak.
Mia hated my vampire blood as much as I did, but one undeniable fact remainedI needed to feed on that vital liquid.
However, I resisted it.
I tried burying those instincts deep inside me.
Still, moments like this reminded me how much stronger I could be if I fed regularly instead of waiting until I was nearly desiccated, and Quinn had to force me to drink from him.
What the hell?!" "Shit, it's the sorcerer patrol looking for slaves!" "Run! Leave the woman!" Their sudden shouts and the commotion filled the night.
The forest moved as if a large group was approaching.
I struggled to sit up amidst the torches and chaos, barely able to see anything.
Coughing blood, with several broken ribs, I clenched my teeth in agony, trying to free myself from the whip abandoned around my thigh.
"Come on, come on," I muttered, desperately clawing at the bindings.
"I did it..." Iwas about to shift and run like hell when a shadow blocked the little
###Chapter 211
---- light Ihad.
"Dont think you re getting out of this," I looked up weakly, barely focusing on the vicious eyes of the man from the tavern.
Before I could react, he grabbed my head and slammed his knee into my face.
The sickening crunch of my broken nose, the rush of blood, the searing painthen nothing.
I blacked out, left at their mercy.
I wasnt as strong as I thought.
ook The first thing I heard was the creaking of wagon wheels.
My mind buzzed, and I felt disoriented.
The ground beneath me vibrated with the movement of the road.
"Celine, were in a sorcerer caravan.
They havent done anything to us yet I dont know what they re planning," my wolf spoke, updating me.
Then, something wet touched my face, cleaning it.
I tensed, keeping my eyes shut, calculating my chances of defending myself.
"Shes cleaning our wounds.
Her scent is familiar.
I think shes that witch we once saved.
What was her name?" "Laila...2" I finally opened my eyes, my eyelids feeling like they weighed aton.
But I recognized the woman leaning over me, wiping the blood from my wounds.
"Celine! Youre awake, thank the Goddess! When I saw them bring you in as a prisoner, I recognized you and spoke for you so they wouldnt put you with the slaves," she said enthusiastically, squeezing my hand.
---- I tried to sit up, my wounds healing slowly.
Without drinking blood, I had to rely solely on my werewolf abilities.
"No, no, take it easy.
You were badly injuredjust rest.
Theres no danger.
This is my carriage; Im part of the caravan," she said.
I glanced around, realizing I was lying on a narrow cot covered in furs.
There were pots and a few chests, dresses hanging from the ceiling, anda small mirror swaying with the wagon's movement along the dirt road.
"Thank you, Laila.
You saved me.
Where are we going?" I asked ina low voice.
Laila had been a cheerful girl that Quinn and I had saved when we were much younger.
She had been attacked by werewolf men at the kingdoms borders, taken as a sex slave, and we freed her, sending her back to the Dark Realm.
"We're headed to the war camp of the sorcerers," she said, and I nodded in silence.
I appreciated her help, but I had no interest in being caught up in their conflict.
I just wanted to recover and continue my journey.
Will you pass near the southern border?" "You want to return to your people, dont you?" she asked, and I nodded.
I didnt like giving too many explanations.
I didnt fully trust her, but I needed help right now.
"Dont worry.
Just stay quiet and hidden in my carriage.
The sorcerers are on edge with the vampire issue right now.
When we get close to your destination, I1l let you know so you can escape," she said in a whisper.
I ---- thanked her sincerely.
The caravan suddenly stopped.
Outside, the mens voices rang out as they unloaded supplies to set up camp in the wilderness.
"Tl go prepare your medicine..." "Laila, you dont have to bother.
Ill heal on my own..." I took her hand, but she just patted mine gently, smiling.
"You and your brother saved me.
I owe you my life.
I wont ask too many questions about your plansI understand you have your reasons.
But believe me, Celine, I only want to help and repay your kindness." Inodded and lay back on the cot, though my wolf ears remained alert.
I wanted to believe that gratitude still existed in some people's hearts.
sek NARRATOR As Laila stepped out of the carriage, she glanced back to check if Celine was watching.
###Chapter 212
---- NARRATOR Lifting her skirt, she nearly ran to her father's carriage.
"Tell me, tell me, daughter, did you confirm it?" The old man, with his long beard streaked with brown and gray, looked at his daughter with piercing green eyes as she entered his resting quarters.
Laila closed the small door behind her and sat on the soft blanket, her face filled with excitement.
"Yes, yes, father! I confirmed it! She has a small red tattoo on her inner thigh, almost reaching her intimate areaa teardrop shape, or something like that," Laila recalled from when she examined Celine under the guise of tending to her wounds.
"T knew it! The Goddess is on our side.
Such good fortune," the old sorcerer patted his thigh in satisfaction while taking a drag from his pipe.
---- "T've prepared the spell.
You must make sure it enters her bodyyou can't fail!" "But father, are you sure it wont harm her? I feel a little bad about this...
she and her brother saved me back then," Laila frowned, doubt creeping back into her expression.
"Foolish girl," her father scolded, tapping her forehead.
"That woman appeared in my prophetic vision.
She will have a great influence among the vampires.
I even considered eliminating her when we first found her, but notheres a more ingenious way to use her.
That hybrid will help us infiltrate that cursed castle and seize control of the Realm." RK GABRIELLE "?He? has sealed the castle again," Brielle informed me, standing at my side.
---- I felt the warmth of the sun on my face and shoulders as I sat on the small terrace connected to my chambers.
"T should have known.
Before I left, I renewed the contract under that bastard Kaels name, and with his death, no Selenia claimed the throne.
The castle's owner has reactivated the curse," I sighed, analyzing all the challenges Valeria would have to overcome to seize control of the Realmit wouldn't be easy.
This land was home to ancient and powerful creatures, even older than I was, though they rarely meddled in mortal affairs.
Entering the castle wouldnt be easy now, especially without our full power restored.
"The sorcerers and vampires are fighting for control of the castle..." "Those fools dont realize they wont even set foot on that mountain unless the owner allows it," I
###Chapter 213
---- mused, considering our options.
"Brielle, have you been teaching Vale to control her magic better?" "Yes, but she needs ancestral blood, and now with the pregnancy, the demand is even greater.
The pup also needs to be nourished, or she!] end up malnourished like Valeria." "Damn it, and here I am like this!" I slammed my fist against the chairs armrest in frustration.
"Even though I left my power guarding the prison, some of it still lingers.
I can extract small amounts and" "No, you wont," Quinns voice interrupted from behind me.
I tensed, hating that I no longer had the sharpness to sense someone approaching.
And even more, I hated that traitorous old witch for not warning me.
"I'm leaving, your tamer has arrived." "Damn you, Brielle!" I growled as I felt her presence fade away.
"Quinn, dont interfere with this.
I need to ---- strengthen Valerias power.
She must claim whats rightfully hers for the sake of her children," I replied, stiffening as his hands settled on my shoulders, massaging them gently.
"You think you're strong enough to be draining yourself like this? And no...
Ssshhh, no more arguments," he whispered, leaning in and placing a finger over my lips when I tried to speak again.
I felt his breath tickling my cheek, his presence towering over me, and that intoxicating scent of his bewitching my senses.
"T understand youre a mother above all else.
I want to help Valeria too, but you cant give without replenishing yourself.
Im not saying you cant offer her your blood, but theres one condition." "What...
condition?" I asked, an uneasy feeling creeping up my spine.
"You must let me feed you.
Take my blood, Gabrielle," his fingers gripped my chin, turning my face to his.
His warm breath brushed against my lips ---- we were too close.
"No," I said without hesitation.
Just the thought of sinking my fangs into that sweet apple-and-honey taste excited me, and my body reacted.
For vampires, the pleasure of blood was closely tied to sex, even more so when it was with one's mate.
It was like liquid ecstasy.
"Then I wont let you do it, and Valeria wont allow you to weaken yourself further." "Im a grown woman! I do what I want! Who do you think" I was silenced by a mouth that claimed mine, a tongue invading between my lips and a kiss that overwhelmed me with dominance and sweetness.
His hand on my chin controlled the intensity, making me submit to his assault in the most delicious way.
He always did thisI hated how he ---- manipulated me with his sexy savagery.
"You'll ask me for it yourselfto feed you my life force," he growled wolfishly against my lips.
I knew he was angry, but still, I challenged him.
"Keep dreaming.
I won't ask you for anything." "We'll see, babe.
When the time comes, maybe I wont want you sinking your fangs into me," he teased with a smirk.
I laughed sarcastically, mocking him, but I had no idea how much this bet was going to cost me.
###Chapter 214
---- GABRIELLE No, no, sweetheart, you must have absolute control over your magic, not let it come out by instinct, I explain to Valeria while we practice in the living room.
You can't wait until you're in a desperate situation to react.
Try bringing out your raven wings now...
no, no...
but without the full transformation, just the wings...
We spent quite some time practicing.
I was determined to teach her everything I knew, everything I inherited from my mother and her mother before her.
Lets take a break, dont wear yourself out too much, and take care of the baby.
We stopped, and soon I felt her pour water into a glass.
I thought she was going to drink it, but instead, her warm presence approached me, and the cold glass was pressed against my lips.
Drink, you've been talking too much; your lips look pale.
My soul melts at her care.
My greatest fear had always been that she would reject me and reproach me for believing she was abandoned, but my Valeria is too good-hearted.
Mother, I...
Iwant to talk to you about something, she suddenly says, sitting beside me, and doubt creeps into me.
Tell me, sweetheart, whatever it is, you can trust me.
I reach out to take her hand and hold it on my lap.
How is the Selenia bonding ritual performed? I want my mate to mark me permanently, she asks, and I tense up, although I knew this ---- conversation was coming soon.
T figured you d want to do it.
The truth is, its dangerous, Vale, I wont lie to you, I tell her before explaining what it entails.
What?! hear her stand up.
Engraving...
engraving my name on his soul...
what does that even mean? Tt literally means engraving the name 'Valeria' with an enchantment into the heart of the Lycan King.
That will bind him to you irreversibly only death can separate you, I confirm with a sigh.
You need to have strict control over your magic.
You also have to feed on him at that moment.
Youll feel euphoric, Valeria, youll crave more and more of his vital blood like a drug.
If you make a mistake, if you lose control, you could end his life.
I wasnt lying to her.
Few Selenias performed this ceremony due to the risks.
Honestly, I sometimes wonder if we were the Goddess's favored daughters or the most despised.
J...
[dont know...
she hesitates, and I hear firm footsteps approaching from the entrance.
We'll do it, I suddenly hear Aldrics voice, and the sofa springs creak under his weight.
Dont be afraid, love.
Im strong enough to endure this and more.
I want to be bound to you in every way possible.
But Aldric...
I dont even have full control over my power.
They start talking in hushed tones, back and forth.
Valeria, Im not telling you to do it or not; thats your decision as a couple.
But you should know something...
your father...
youve never asked me how he died.
Ill tell you now, I say, gripping the armrest, preparing to confess one of the greatest shames of my life.
###Chapter 215
---- VALERIA My mother takes a deep breath; it seems like what she's about to tell me is very difficult for her.
For some reason, I can already imagine it.
"T killed him during our bonding ceremony," she lowers her head, and her knuckles are nearly white from gripping the chair.
"Tt wasn't because of my lack of control over my magic.
It was because the vampire side of me is dominant, and in the frenzy, I couldn't stop myself...
I literally drained his blood until I killed him." Aldric and I remain silent.
What can you even say to that? It unsettles me even moreif something like that happened to my mother, who was so powerful, could I end up hurting my mate? "I'm not a vampire; I'm a superior lycan, the Lycan King.
No matter how much my mate drinks, I have more than enough life force for her and our pup.
Besides, Valeria's wolf side is dominant," Aldric responds firmly.
Suddenly, the atmosphere grows tense.
I lift my gaze and spot a shadow hiding in the corridor.
Iknowit's Quinn.
He's listening to my mother's reasons, probably the real fear behind why she doesn't want to give her new mate a chance, despite her current weakened state.
"Well, it's my daughter's decision.
I'm just telling her the facts.
I don't want her to suffer what I did, holding her mate's cold corpse in her arms, " my mother replies, frowning.
"Vale, the enchantment will appear in your mind when the time comes.
It's best to do it during the new moon." ---- "Thank you, Mother.
I'll think it through carefully," I reply softly, and she nods, standing up.
"I'm going to rest.
We can continue practicing tomorrow.
Eat well." I stood up to help her, but she told me she'd go aloneshe had memorized the way to her room.
I watched her lonely figure walk away.
What was the point of having so much power if, in the end, she lost everything that truly mattered to her? "You told her about what we discussed," Aldric's low voice reaches my ear from behind.
I tense up because I don't want to talk about that right now.
"No, she was tired.
Maybe another day," I turn around, avoiding his inquisitive gaze.
"Valeria, I know you.
I don't like pressuring you, but I know you're torn between the two of us.
I gave you my reasons, and I thought we were on the same page..." "Aldric, we can't let this realm fall into the hands of another tyrant.
This is my mother's land; she won't agree to live among the wolves." "But why does it have to be you who claims that throne you don't even want?" he questions again, irritated.
"You don't want to be the Queen of the Dark Realm; you're not even interested in the reign I offer you.
Why don't you tell her to stop chasing a crown you don't desire? Why do we have to fight this war?" "Then what do you suggest?" I step back slightly, placing my hands on his chest.
"Let anyone take control? Go back to endless border disputes, hatred, ---- and constant conflict with the Dark Realm? Our daughter is going to bea Seleniawill she live marginalized her whole life in your castle? Do you think the wolves will accept a creature from the Dark Realm as their ruler?" "Anyone who dares touch my daughter, I'll rip their throat out, simple as that!" "Not everything can be solved that way, Aldric!" I snap back, feeling the tension of everyone pulling me in different dire
ctions.
"And then there's the portal.
Gabrielle can't hold it forever.
I know what her plans are.
We need the strength of both realms united to fight, or else we'll all die." He falls silent at my words.
Aldric is very strong, but he's not invincible.
The werewolves alone can't fight what will escape from that prison once the Selenia magic weakens.
"T'll talk to her, my love, but give me time.
Aldric, I don't want to be the Queen of anything I just want to live in peace with my family.
But at the very least, we need to ensure that whoever takes the throne of the Dark Realm is an ally, not an enemy." I caress his cheek, and he wraps his arms around me.
"Alright, we'll do whatever you want," he replies, sighing and kissing my hair gently.
"T haven't heard from Beof yet, and that worries me.
I hope Celine can reach him safely; then we'll figure out what to do." "She hasn't summoned me with the magic I placed in her.
I'll try to get in touch," I reply, unaware that soon, wed have no choice but to get involved in this war, whether we wanted to or not.
###Chapter 216
---- GABRIELLE When I entered the room, I was prepared for the sweet assaults of my mate.
No matter how much my mind resisted, the chemistry of the bond was always present.
Topened the door, and immediately, the delicious scent hit my nose much stronger and muskier.
Quinn had been training outside.
limagined him sweating, his bulging muscles exposed under some combat shirt.
I had to admit, I was dying to run my eyes over his body.
However, the rustling sound of clothes reached my ears.
I thought he was getting ready to take a bath, but then his steps didn't head toward the bathroom.
Quinn, what are you doing? I asked, saying his name the way he liked so much.
Tm going to sleep in another room to let you rest.
You dont need me watching over you so closely anymore, he replies, and his dry tone makes me tense up.
Whats going on? Just this morning, he nearly ravished me with his morning erection when he woke up.
The Healer hasnt said Im fully recovered yet, I...
I trail off, realizing the nonsense excuses Im making.
Isnt this what I wanted? So, should I stay? His breath brushes against my hair.
I know very well ---- that hes standing right in front of me, waiting for my answeran answer that carries many implications.
Istay silent for a few seconds.
Ive always been the kind of woman who doesnt overthink things, who goes straight for the jugular in life.
I guess that habit led me to drain my previous mate completely.
Yes, I think its better if you sleep in another room.
That way, Ill be more comfortable, I say, lowering my head.
For the first time, Im glad I cant see his eyes.
However, his disappointment hits me head-on.
He doesnt say anything, and I hear his footsteps circling around me before he walks to the door and leaves.
Quinn...
I turn, calling him, even taking a step forward, but hes already gone.
Has he finally gotten tired of my constant rejections? Most likely.
I know Im a bitch without a muzzle.
Its better for him this wayto hate me and accept my rejection.
That man is too good for me, and I dont want to hurt him beyond repair.
Ineed more blood than ever.
I feel that if I start drinking from him, I wont be able to stop.
Tlike Quinn too much.
Thats the truth.
Id say even more than Valerias father, and thats dangerous for himvery dangerous.
Im more afraid than Ive been in a long time.
I place my hand over my
###Chapter 217
---- erratically beating heart, and a dull ache spreads through my chest.
If I got what I wanted, then why do feel so bitter inside? sek CELINE Laila, you really dont have to go through so much trouble, I told her when she handed me a bow! filled with thick broth, even with pieces of meat inside.
Thad already turned down a dark remedy she had brought me earlier.
It smelled like herbs, but the truth was, I didnt trust her, so I politely refused.
But now, this soup...
it was making my mouth water, and in reality, I was starving.
Celine, you're making me feel awful.
Do you think I saved you from being a slave just to harm you? she said with a frown, clearly hurt by my actions.
I was frantically thinking of how to stay on her good side.
So far, she had only helped me.
Laila, Im sorry, I just...
My stomach suddenly made the most untimely noise, as if a battle of gases was raging inside it.
Laila raised an amused eyebrow, and with embarrassment, I accepted the bowl full of vegetables, which looked quite appetizing.
"Mia, smell it and see if you sense anything strange," I spoke to my wolf as I lifted the wooden bowl close to my nose, pretending to blow on it because it was hot.
No, it just smells like food.
Although the scent of herbs in this carriage ---- is quite strong, the food itself seems fine.
Feeling more relaxed, I started practically devouring the soupI needed food to heal faster.
Stretch out your leg, let me check your thighit was the worst wound, she said, and I followed her instructions.
The spot where the whip had struck throbbed painfully.
Iwas wearing one of her dresses, which fit me a bit tightly, but I was grateful because my clothes must have been in tatters.
Tts not healing, she announced after lifting the skirt and removing the bandage she had placed on me.
Isat at the edge of the cot with the bowl in my hands, staring at the ugly wound that wrapped around my right thigh.
Why? I leaned in to see, and there was even pus oozing from the wound.
It looked worse than I had imagined.
Could it be that medicine you used on me? Teyed the leaves she had removed along with the bandage.
No, no, look, its the same I used for your other wounds, she showed me the other bandages, and it was true.
It looks like that weapon was poisoned as well as enchanted.
Let me take a closer look.
She leaned in and examined the wound.
After a while, she identified the poison, then turned around and started crushing some leaves in a bowl.
Mia...
J dont sense anything strange, Celine.
It seems like the same leaves she used on the rest of your wounds, she reassured me, and I tried not to be so paranoid or seem ungrateful.
---- This is going to sting a bit.
I need to neutralize the poison, she said, and I nodded.
She cleaned the pus and all the filth oozing from the wound with some green medicinal water.
###Chapter 218
---- CELINE I grit my teeth as sharp pain shoots through my senses, but I endure it.
This isnt the first serious wound Ive had.
By the time she finishes fifteen minutes later, Im drenched in sweat, my clothes sticking to my body, and Ive torn up my lower lip from biting it, but its truethe sharp pain from the beginning has faded.
You need to leave this on for a few days, and youll heal, dont worry, she explains, wiping her forehead tiredly.
Thank you so much, Laila.
I dont know how to repay you...
7m just returning your kindness, she smiles, and I return the gesture out of courtesy.
By the way, get plenty of rest, Celine.
Tonight, well pass near the place you want to go.
You need to be ready to run into the forest.
Inod, thanking her again.
I finish the broth and lie down to wait for my chance while the caravan continues on its way, the wheels rattling over the dirt road.
Laila stays with me for a while, and when we stop again, nowat night, she gets off and signals for me to stay alert.
Mia, be ready in case we have to shift, I tell my wolf, though I really dont want tofinding clothes scattered everywhere after transforming is never pleasant.
Peeking through the animal skins that serve as the carriage door at the back, I listen to the voices of the warlocks and their laughter around the campfire.
---- They re preparing their meals when suddenly, footsteps approach, and the skin flap is pulled aside abruptly.
Come on, Celine, quick, Laila whispers, glancing nervously behind her.
Ijump off the carriage without a second thought.
The wound on my thigh still burns, but I try to ignore it.
She grabs my hand, and crouching low, we move swiftly through the shadows of the carriages, hiding behind one of the large wheels.
A few meters ahead, I see the edge of the forest.
Wait.
She pushes me back, and we crouch in the darkness, waiting for the patrolling sorcerer to pass by.
Now, Celine, she whispers.
We hold hands and run toward the forest, diving into the protection of the trees.
We run a good distance until she stops, breathing heavily, looking back to make sure we arent being followed.
Phew, I dont have the same stamina as werewolves and vampires, she says, clutching her chest.
You shouldnt have risked coming with me.
You could have just pointed me in the right direction, I reply, feeling a little guilty for having doubted her good intentions.
Tts fine.
I can say I went out looking for herbs.
By the way, heres your mended and somewhat clean clothes, the cloak you were wearing, and some foodtake it just in case.
She hands me a bundle she was carrying, and I thank her again.
Keep going straight in that direction, and you should reach your people.
But be carefulvampires are patrolling everywhere, she warns.
###Chapter 219
---- The next time we meet, warlocks will rule this Realm, but you ll always be our friend, she says confidently before hugging me goodbye.
I dont say anything, just nod.
How could I explain to her that Queen Gabrielle is very much alive and already preparing her successor? Finally, I turn around and head in the indicated direction, all my senses on high alert.
I blend into the night and pray that I find my people soon.
sek LAILA She left without suspecting anything? My father was waiting for me at the edge of the forest near our caravan.
Yes, yes.
That wolf was quite cautious.
Honestly, Im glad I hid the spell well enough and even managed to infect her wound while she was unconscious, I say with a smirk.
J mixed it into the water I used to clean the infection.
Can you feel the link with the control spell? My father closes his eyes, and the magic stirs around him.
When he opens his eyes again, they glow with an intense golden hue.
Yes, yes, its coursing through her blood, he says before withdrawing his scrutiny from Celines body, returning to normal.
Tts better not to alarm her.
The spell is still fresh; we need it to spread deeper into her system, into her mind, before her wolf detects it.
Shes bound to encounter a vampire patrol soon.
Its time to break camp and get out of this dangerous place, I say as we move to inform ---- everyone that the charade is over.
When the time comes, well control her, and that woman will open the castle doors for us.
You did well, my little witch, my father ruffles my hair, and I smile smugly.
Theres an unspoken rule in this Realmwhoever controls the castle controls the Dark Realm.
And my clan of warlocks will be the next monarchs.
Ican already picture myself with the crown on my head.
###Chapter 220
---- CELINE Iran swiftly through the underbrush, my long braid swaying with my movement.
Foxes darted out of their dens, searching for nocturnal prey to hunt, while all sorts of insects made strange noises as I passed by.
The forest was coming to life, and soon, amidst its sounds, I also heard voices but not the ones I was looking for.
"Celine, dont go that way, theyre Vampires!" my wolf warned, and I came to an abrupt stop, looking around for a way to escape without running straight into an ambush.
Hey! a shout jolted me back into action, and I bolted to the right, following my instincts.
Once again, I was being chased, and this time, those men were much faster than the ones beforethey seemed like elite Vampires.
With my wounded thigh and several of them close behind, it was obvious Iwouldnt get far.
The wind howled past my ears when suddenly, my nose caught the scent of decay and something ancient.
"Veer left, quickly, Celine! Or we shift!" Mia warned me, and I always trusted her instinctsshe was rarely wrong.
Stop, witch! they shouted.
It seemed they had mistaken me fora sorceress.
You idiot, cant you see how fast she is? She must be a hybrid! insults ---- followed.
Just because part of me was vampire didnt mean they would show me any mercyto them, only pure blood mattered.
My boots sank into the soft grass.
I could hear them just steps behind me, and as I was about to shift into my wolf form, the tall iron fence of what appeared to be an ancient cemetery blocked my way.
Without hesitation, I leaped and climbed the rusted fence, which swayed and creaked dangerously but didnt give under my weight.
I was nearing the top when Mia growled at me.
"Jump to the other side, quickly! Theyre going to chain you again!" I threw myself over, landing heavily on the ground before rolling to my feet, facing them from the other side, baring my fangs, and hissing threateningly.
My senses kept searching for an escape, scanning the surroundings between the old trees and the moss-covered, lonely graves.
The atmosphere was eerie, yet I hadnt expected to see the sheer terror and shock on the faces of the three vampires chasing me.
They didnt even attempt to climb the ancient fence.
I took a step back.
If they tried, Id run againat least now I hada moment to gather information.
Tm just a traveler.
Im not involved in your war, I dont care about it.
Let me leave in peace, I said, not holding out much hope.
How can you cross the forbidden lands? What kind of spell are you using?! yelled a blonde vampire with long hair and a beautiful face, like most vampirescold and cruel like the rest.
T have no power.
I dont know what you re talking about...
###Chapter 221
---- Dont play dumb, you damn hybrid! Are you conspiring with the warlocks? Max...
the dark-haired vampire, who seemed to be the leader, stopped him from his outburst.
Truthfully, I had no idea what they were talking about.
Fine, if you say youre neutral...
in the end, were not savages.
Lets go, I won't waste more time on a woman of no importance! But Claus T said lets go, are you deaf?! I watched them leave, not entirely convinced.
I considered asking them about the werewolf army and where they were stationed, but that would put me directly in their sights.
Werewolves werent welcome here either.
Sighing, I looked back.
The white mist thickened, and the temperature dropped, but I had few options.
My leg throbbed from the frantic run; I needed to rest.
On alert, I walked through the cold, dirty graves, covered in vines that eroded the stones and moss that obscured the inscriptions.
An owl hooted in the sky and then perched on a branch of an old willow tree that seemed to weep with the night breeze.
I thought it was the only thing mourning the nameless souls buried here.
Where was this place that even those vampires didnt dare enter? Ipassed beneath the tree and felt a strange flutter.
I raised my hands to shield my face when a shriek and flapping wings echoed above me.
---- Bats.
I followed them with my eyes, tilting my head back as they rose into the sky, and I was left in shock.
Up there, on the mountain, far away, stood the massive, imposing castle of the Dark Realm, shrouded in mist as if hiding from prying eyes.
Well, Idont see whats so special about it.
Its just old rocks.
I was there for a few days, and I didnt like it one bit, I scoffed, not understanding this realms ridiculous logic.
Isearched for an old crypt and stepped inside despite the overwhelming stench of death.
I sat behind the closed door and looked at the stone coffin in the center.
Beyond that, darkness stretched out, but I could see there was no immediate danger.
Iclosed my eyes, setting my small bundle beside me, hugging my knees, and pulling the heavy hood over myself.
I only meant to rest for a few seconds, but whether it was the cold or exhaustion, I ended up falling asleep.
sek NARRATOR In the deepest, darkest, and oldest dungeon of the Crimson Castle, vampiric red eyeslike the purest ruby, like fresh blood drawn straight from the veinsopened to the night.
Aprey that smelled of pure ecstasy was near, and tonight, it would go hunting.
###Chapter 222
---- CELINE Where am I? Didnt I fall asleep in the cemetery? Mia.
Pm here, but I dont know where we are either.
It looks like the inside of a dungeon.
I smell something...
interesting ahead of us.
Interesting? What kind of scent was that? Ilooked around, alert, and began walking through a dark corridor.
This place felt so unreal.
I ran my hands along the cold stone walls, the only sounds were my breathing and the click of my boots against the ancient floor.
I didnt know where I was going, blindly wandering through this dark labyrinthor so I thought.
In reality, something was pulling at my soul.
Was I dreaming? The end of the corridor led to a heavy, ancient wooden door reinforced with blackened steel rivets and crossed by two thick iron bars, firmly locking it shut.
If that werent enough, rusted but sturdy chains wrapped around the mess of locks, holding it all together.
What the hell was behind that door? Whatever it was screamed danger, and I wasnt about to find out.
Dream or not, I was getting out of here.
Iturned my back on it, but I hadnt taken more than two steps when I ---- heard the chains falling to the ground, bolts sliding, and the heavy groan of the door creaking open.
Every hair on the back of my neck stood on end.
Damn it, what kind of nightmare is this? Do I turn around or run like a maniac? In the end, as always, I made the worst decision.
I turned around and stared into the intense darkness.
It looked like a rather spacious cell.
Texpected it to smell old and filthy, but instead, an intense scent of sandalwood teased my nose.
Mmm, smells amazing.
Should we explore? Iwas startled by my wolfs voice.
She was usually more cautious than me, yet I found myself taking a step forward, then another, and another, venturing deeper into the shadows.
I tried to adjust my vampiric vision to see my surroundings.
Looking around, it appeared to be an empty prison cell.
But everything changed when I glanced toward the back of the cell.
What the hell...2 Imurmured, stepping back.
Tshould have left.
Why was I acting like this? Ts this a dream? No, it cant be.
Nothing bad should happen.
Mia, whats wrong with you, damn it? J dont know.
Get closer and see.
It looks like that man is dead, though the intense scent is coming from him.
###Chapter 223
---- T must be completely insane to keep listening to you, I muttered, but I didnt stop until I was just a few steps away from what seemed to be a tall man, over six feet.
His strong, bare torso was barely covered by tattered rags.
He was slumped against the cold stone wall, his hands bound above his head with thick shackles and chains.
His head hung forward, shoulder-length black hair covering his facial features.
Ireached out without thinking, something pulling me irresistibly, like a moth toa flame.
Ibrushed a few strands of his straight hair aside, revealing the pale skin of his flawless facesquare jaw, beautifully masculine.
My fingers brushed against his cold cheek.
His eyes were closed beneath dark lashes, and I stared, fascinated, at his sensual, closed lips, tracing them with a furtive caress.
Calm down, Celine, I scolded myself, straightening and running a hand over my face.
How deprived of sex did I have to be to conjure up this kind of wet dream? Isighed, needing to wake up.
But then my eyes caught sight of ugly scars on his chest, and I leaned in, intrigued, to examine them.
Mia, when were done with this mission, we need to find a wolf to give us a good tumble.
Looks like our heat is coming early.
That wont happen, little one.
The only one whos going to give youa good tumble is me.
---- Ijerked my head up at those low, husky words, spoken right above me.
I found myself staring into the most intense, blood-red eyes I had ever seen.
They were so overpowering they felt like they could freeze my soul with just one look.
This...
this is a dream...
I murmured to myself, trying to convince myself.
We were so close our breaths mingled, and mine quickened with every passing second.
I was frozen in place.
Ts it? he replied, his gaze trailing down my face.
That dominant, ambiguous scent of sandalwood enveloped me, brushing over every pore of my body.
As beautiful as I imagined.
Tell me, little one, whats your name? J...
[screamed internally at my brain to snap out of it.
What was wrong with me? Your name.
Now.
Tell me, he commanded, implacable.
Celine, I whispered.
He lowered one handone I thought was shackled to the walland caressed my cheek, tracing down to my chin.
His finger circled my mouth before sliding over my lower lip, slow and sensual, coaxing me to part them.
Celine, he said, his voice thick with satisfaction.
I love it.
It must sound exciting to moan it while I reach my orgasm inside you.
Wait! What?!
###Chapter 224
---- CELINE Icould imagine my dumb expression, completely mesmerized, as that handsome facecapable of tempting any womanmoved closer.
He was going to kiss me, and I was going to let him! His tongue licked my upper lip before sucking on the lower one, savoring his prey.
Tlet out a soft moan, and he slipped inside my mouth, exploring me with a burning kiss.
Our tongues tangled and explored each other gently.
Goddess, his mouth tasted like pure heaven.
His hand slid to the back of my neck, deepening our kiss, while the other gripped my lower waist possessively, pulling me against his hard body.
One of his knees pressed up between my legs, forcing me to straddle him on tiptoe, my boots barely touching the ground.
Mmm, I moaned as my aroused core shamelessly rubbed against his thigh.
Against my hips, his hardened erection pressed through the tattered remains of his clotheshe was practically naked.
Wet, heated sounds echoed off the walls.
I was losing myself in lust, my hands gripping his broad shoulders as his mouth now tormented my neck.
I tilted my head to the side, offering him access to my veins.
His hand trailed down to my ass, groping and squeezing it, pushing me ---- into him, dominating me, moving his thigh and stimulating my sensitive clit that was screaming for attention.
He began touching my breasts over my dress, his heavy breath falling against the hollow of my neck and collarbone while his tongue traced my frantic pulse.
He tugged at my sleeve, pulling it down to free my breasts.
Lowering his head, he buried his nose in the valley between them.
shhh, Im dying to take you and drive you to ecstasy while you drink from my blood...
Mmm, you re driving me crazy with that wild rose scent.
Just a little, baby, just let me taste you...
He licked the peak of my nipple erotically, teasing it through the fabric.
Ahh, [moaned when he yanked my neckline down, exposing my breast.
I shivered with pleasure under his hungry gaze, watching him lick his lips.
I knew very well how aroused he was.
His cock throbbed, leaking, and hardened even more, heating my belly.
Look at me, Celine.
Keep your eyes on me, he ordered mercilessly, staring at me from below like a predator, his red irises glowing in the dark.
He slid his tongue in slow, lazy circles around my areola, stretching my nipple delicately between his lips, tormenting me, growling lowly, knowing he had me exactly where he wanted.
Tell me what you want.
Command me for your pleasure, tell me, little one.
suck me hard, I spoke without even thinking, fully surrendered to
###Chapter 225
---- pleasure, and a pleased smirk appeared on his lips.
As you wish, my queen.
Imoaned, biting my lower lip and arching my back, offering myself to him as he opened his mouth and began devouring my breast lewdly, while his other hand squeezed and pinched my nipple.
I grabbed his hair and rocked against his mouth, grinding my hips on his thigh.
I needed him to touch me, to fill me with his hard cock, to...
bite me? That need, stronger than ever, took over my mindmy vampiric side that I only used for convenience but secretly despised.
Inever fed during sex, even though it was a normal practice among wolves.
Vampires took the bloodlust to another level.
Like an addiction you couldn't escape from.
This sexy man started lifting my dress, his growls and breaths becoming more urgent and primal, his hands sliding up my inner thighs toward my panties.
Then I felt itthe sharp point of his canines in his mouth.
It wasnt just the suckling like before; something more was about to happen.
He was going to drink my blood.
An alarm finally went off in my mind.
It was obvious I was dealing with a vampireand an incredibly dangerous one.
Imust be insane to have almost given myself to him! And why wasnt Mia reacting either? She was just circling this mysterious man like she was entranced.
Acompulsion! They used it to manipulate minds, and I must have been ---- caught in one.
I gathered all my strength and shoved him, catching him off guard, then bolted for the door.
With those chains holding him to the wall, he shouldnt be able to chase me.
Thats what I thought, foolishly.
But just when I was about to taste freedom, the door slammed shut the same way it had opened, and several torches lit up along the walls, illuminating the space a little.
Open, damn door! I yelled, yanking violently at the lock.
Theard footsteps approaching, and my heart pounded franticallya mix of excitement, fear, and something else I couldn't quite place.
You wont escape me so easily, Celine.
What are you so afraid of? I would never hurt you.
I know you want me too...
Arent you curious?
###Chapter 226
---- CELINE Iturned around, almost trembling, watching him stop a few feet away.
The heavy chains dragged across the floor, still attached to the shackles on his hands, yet they didnt seem to slow him down at all.
Goddess, now that I could see him under the light, he looked even wilder, more dangerousand absolutely irresistible.
Almost naked, with that fierce erection pointing straight at me, barely covered by a few damp scraps of fabric clinging where the tip of his cock pressed against them.
His eyes held me in their relentless grip, filled with an unwavering control over my will, like a predator who knew this prey was his, no matter what.
Because you bewitched me, thats the answer.
This is just some kind of cheap sexual dream.
I dont know who you are, but let me out of here! I dont like having my mind played with! Then come to me, come to the castle, and Ill be waiting for you right here.
You know the wayfollow it, and Ill prove to you this isnt just a dream.
The castle? No one can enter...
You can.
Only you.
I will let you in, he replied, taking confident steps toward me.
I could feel the heat rising inside me all over again.
Why? Why only me? That place is cursed now.
Come, and I tell you why.
Ill tell you everything.
Come to me, little one.
I know you feel it.
Im not compelling youI dont need to.
You desire me instinctively, just as I woke up the moment I caught the scent of your delicious aroma.
I dont know why you cant see it clearly, but I ---- can give you answers.
Come to me, Celine.
No, no, and no! I had to put an end to this.
Vampires were deceitful, and this one was the King of Deception.
T was here, imprisoned in the castle.
How is it that youre only discovering me now? He frowned at my question.
Tt must have been that time I almost woke up.
Something disturbed my sleep, but then that presence left, and I sank back into the darkness, he said, lifting his head, visibly troubled.
So, it was you...
Im sorry I didnt wake up sooner, little one.
Ican explain all of that too, Celine.
We need to talk.
Come to the castleI dont have unlimited time.
He reached out to trap me again, but this time, I didnt hesitate.
I summoned my wolf.
Iwouldnt let him seduce me with his sweet words again.
For a moment, I feared that since this was his illusion, I wouldnt be able to shift.
But my clothes tore apart, my skin was covered in fur, and my Alpha wolf lunged at him, ready to tear him apart.
However, when I saw him smirk and take a defensive stance legs apart, body leaning forward, hands readyI had a very bad feeling.
"Mia, dont attack head-on!" Too late.
My wolf, who had jumped to bite him, tried to swerve at the last second, but he caught her mid-air.
###Chapter 227
---- His muscles felt like steel as he restrained us, and we tumbled to the ground, tangled together.
He was on top of us, while Mia thrashed furiously, baring her fangs, trying to break free.
But his hands held her front paws against his chest.
His legs locked around my wolfs hind legs.
He wasnt trying to hurt us intentionally, but we couldnt move under the crushing weight of his entire body pinning Mia downmounting her! Mia lowered her head, trying to bite his arms and break free, but a gentle tug of his mouth on her right ear froze her completely.
You think that just because Im not a werewolf, I cant dominate you in this position, he growled in a deep, serious voice, right against the ear he had just bitten.
Alpha, youre underestimating me.
But Im glad because now I get to show you my strength as a male.
No matter how strong you are, I have complete control over your body, and I can give you pleasure in ways you cant even imagine.
Im no less than any werewolf.
If I was left speechless, Mia was completely stunned.
She had always been terrible at resisting flirtation, and now this seductive vampire, nearly naked over her, was caressing her fur with a slow, tempting massage.
It was the perfect opportunity to fight back, but Mia...
she opened her mouth and purred like a damn cat! Arent you supposed to be a badass Alpha who hates vampires? Well, since Celine doesnt want to come out and play, lets have some fun, you and me.
Whats your name, beautiful Alpha? he murmured, ---- burying his nose in the soft fur of Mias nape, right where her destined mates mark would go.
His hand slid back and forth over my wolfs side.
Mia, she responded with a sigh, and I found it ridiculoushe shouldnt be able to hear her.
Mia...
as beautiful as Celine.
I love the names of my wivesone stubborn, the other sweeter.
What?! How the hell did he hear my wolf?! you belong to me.
Why cant you recognize it? T...
[dont know.
Who are you? You smell so good...
even if youre a vampire, I like how you touch me...
My shameless wolf confessed it all, closing her eyes in bliss and relaxing under the vampires body.
Tam your...
Something stirred in the air, and I couldnt hear the rest clearly.
Youre my what?! But before I could process it, a tremor shook the entire dreamlike world around us.
Damn it, he growled, pressing his body more firmly against Mia, burying his face in her neck, caressing her muzzle, almost as if afraid of being taken away from us.
Celine, come to me, to the castle.
I need you.
Your safety worries me dont trust anyone.
Dont be stubborn, and dont you dare cross the cemetery gates again.
Just head to the castle.
I am your mate, Celine.
Believe me.
I only want to protect you.
###Chapter 228
---- CELINE When I opened my eyes, I was back in the same crypt where I had fallen asleep.
Had that strange encounter been just a dream? I pressed my thighs together in discomfort, feeling the dampness soaking my panties.
If it was just a delusion of my mind, then I was clearly too needy.
And with a vampire, of all things? "T don't think it was a dream," I heard Mia's voice as I brushed the dust off the floor and adjusted my cloak.
"Are you telling me there's a powerful vampire locked up in the castle dungeons? Besides, he said..." I hesitated, recalling his wordsthe ending was a bit blurry, but I was sure I had heard him say...
"He says he's our mate." Mia continued my thoughts, pacing anxiously.
"But even though I felt strange, I couldnt identify him as our mate...
I dont know, Celine, Im confused.
Should we do as he told us?" Iwas just as uncertain.
Topened the crypt door and stepped outside; it was already daytime, but the dense fog allowed only a few rays of sunlight through, preserving the cemetery's eerie atmosphere.
Looking into the distance, I could see the castle.
Something was calling to me, pulling at my soul, yet there was also another strange feeling stirring inside me.
---- My head ached, and countless confused thoughts crowded my foggy mind.
What was that? I turned toward the tall gates I had climbed to get inside.
"Theard growls and voices; I think...
I think I smell werewolves," Mia replied.
"Could it be Beof?" I forgot all warnings and walked toward the ancient gates, gazing into the dense forest, where the cold morning breeze rustled the leaves.
"T can't stay locked up here; I'm going to explore," I decided on the spot, slinging my small bag over my back and climbing up the gate in my boots.
Suddenly, it began to sway dangerously, threatening to throw me off.
Iturned my head when a strong wind from the castle whipped through my hair, as if trying to hold me back and trap me.
Gritting my teeth, I resisted the strong compulsion and threw myself over the other side of the gate, escaping the cemetery's boundaries.
The wind calmed, rustling through the willow leaves like a sorrowful lament.
My eyes stayed fixed on the distance; my chest ached, but my mind pushed me in another direction.
I stood up and entered the forest without looking back.
My footsteps echoed on the grass; the scent of my peoples blood and what sounded like battle cries grew stronger ahead.
Running in that direction, I alerted Mia, ready to spring into action and shift.
###Chapter 229
---- However, when I reached the site in question, I found only traces of werewolf blood on the grass.
Now that I was here, I realized the blood wasnt fresh; it had been a trap, a staged deception to lure me in.
When I tried to turn around and react, it was too latesomething struck the back of my head, sending me plunging into darkness.
What was happening to me? I had never been this careless.
I fluttered my lashes, the intense light stabbing into my retinas.
The wound on my head throbbed, as did my wrists.
Assessing the situation, I seemed to be inside a large white canvas tent, sitting on the ground with my hands tightly bound behind my back.
Mia, whats going on? Tm not sure, Celine...
Honestly, I feel weak.
I think its your damn vampire side acting up from being so close to home.
This looks like a vampire camp, she replied, and I noticed her lying down when she had been so lively just moments ago.
I didnt have time to worry about her apathy because I heard footsteps approaching, and I tensed up.
He was powerfulhis aura stretched out toward me.
The tent flap opened, and he stepped inside.
Through the light filtering in from the roof seams and the entrance, I saw a vampire with long blonde hair and piercing red eyescruel and calculating.
He approached me, and even though my heart started beating strangely, I kept my expression calm, though my hands tensed as I tried to claw at ---- the ropes binding me.
His earthy scent reached my nose, and instead of feeling repulsed like I usually did with vampires, I inhaled it, intoxicated.
Mate.
The word escaped my lips, driven by my wolfs recognition.
Iwas shocked at myself.
Our eyes locked across the short distance, and he stared at me just as intently.
Isawa flicker of something complex cross his irises, but he quickly masked it, leaning down in front of me and grasping my chin, tilting my face up to him.
So, youre my mate.
How interesting.
###Chapter 230
---- CELINE I swallowed hard at his words and his hypnotic gaze, but I didnt feel as euphoric as I had imagined I would.
Maybe because he was a vampire, and I didnt like that arrogant, snobbish race at all.
"Mia, are you sure this man is our mate?" "It seems like he is." What do you mean seems, Mia? Wake up!" "Yes, yes, I can feel the bonds chemistry, but...
I dont know.
I dont want him to touch me.
Its only connected to your vampire side." You're distracted.
Its rude to talk to your inner wolf while Im asking you something.
Can you hear her? I asked, feeling a flicker of hope.
He let go of my chin and straightened up.
How could I hear your animal side? We havent even performed any ceremony, he replied in a slightly mocking tone, walking toward a nearby table.
He did hear her, I thought, and once again, my mind drifted to that man in the castle.
Was he real? We have a lot to talk about, you and I.
Its unexpected that my mate is a hybrid.
Honestly, its not very pleasant for me, he said, approaching again.
My eyes locked onto the dagger now in his hand.
Was he going to kill me? ---- You dont have to end my life to break the bond.
You can just reject me.
In fact, I dont like this bond either.
Ikicked my feet and tried to stand, but he moved at an incredible speed, pressing the tip of the dagger to my neck, tracing it softly along my skin.
Who said we cant both benefit from this bond? His low voice poured into my ear, and I didnt dare take a deep breath.
Tell me what you need from me, and 1ll tell you what I need from you.
I stood there, stunned.
Did I need something from him? Of course, something crucialsomething life or death.
Even though I resisted the idea of having a vampire as my mate and wanted to fight it, the Goddess had screwed me over with this bond.
And honestly, I didnt want to diewho would, when the solution was right in front of them? But just the thought of him marking my neck made my stomach turn.
Why, if he was my mate? Then again...
if it were another vampire...
T need your mark to stabilize my vampire side.
Once Im healed, we can dissolve the bond.
Thats all I ask.
What do you want from me? JT want you to tell me what trick you used to get into the castle.
How did you manage to pass through the forbidden lands? He seemed very interested.
Forbidden lands? I just climbed over that gate.
Cant you? Dont play dumb, hybrid! I mean...
he recomposed himself from his sudden outburst.
Whats your name? Celine, I replied, annoyed and frustratedthis wasnt getting us anywhere.
---- Look, I honestly dont know what you re talking about.
I just passed through the gate, thats it...
But then I remembered he had told me only Icould enter.
you didnt hear a mans voice? A vampire? Whats your connection to Prince Zarek? he asked, visibly anxious.
The mention of that name stirred something deep inside me, but it faded quickly.
Yes, I...
lsawa man.
He told me he could let me into the palace.
Who is he? Is his name Zarek? And then [heard the story of that vampire imprisoned in the dungeons, and suddenly, everything made sense.
He had been locked up there by one of the first Selenias, punished for his crimes.
Now that none of them ruled and no one controlled the castle, he was merely looking for a foolish, unsuspecting girl to seduce and use to set him free.
Apang of disappointment throbbed in my chest, a dull ache that soon faded in the storm of my thoughts.
Tf Zarek is one of your kind, wouldnt it be in your best interest to see him freed? I raised an eyebrow, not entirely convinced.
It was understandable that he wanted to eliminate the competitionhe was aiming to be the next monarch.
T see you re getting the point.
Zarek isnt just powerful; hes worse than Kael, the previous kingbloodthirsty and ruthless, even with his own kind.
No one wants that man to be set free.
So what if I trick him? Make him believe I want to free him so he takes down the barriers, and then I let you into the castle? I'll search for the chamber where the spell of the contract over the
###Chapter 231
---- Dark Realm is kept, and I'll be the new master of the throne.
Or better yet, I'll finish off that bastard Zarek and rid us of this damn curse once and for all his eyes blazed with murderous intent.
The very thought of it made my whole body rebel, but all I wanted was to survive.
I needed this man's bite to free myself from the defect of my mixed bloodline.
He wasnt going to be king eitherGabrielle would never allow it.
SoI calculated my next moves, purely for my own benefit.
So, do we have a deal, dear mate? We have a deal, I replied after a few seconds, nodding.
He lifted the dagger and moved it behind my back, cutting through the bindings and setting me free.
It seemed that, in the end, I wouldnt be able to fulfill my task of finding Beof.
I couldnt separate myself now from the only cure to my condition.
Iremembered Valeria's engraving and waited until I was alone to try to reach out to themQuinn must be worried.
sek WARNING (The following fragment contains romantic interactions between two male characters.
If its not to your liking, please do not read.) DANTE (THE VAMPIRE LEADER) How did it go with that woman? Did she tell you how she managed to enter the castle? Claus asked me, stepping out of the tub behind the screen, wearing only a towel around his waist.
---- His dark hair dripped onto his pale skin, tracing down to his bare torso.
Better than expected.
She says shes my mate, I said, unable to hold back a sarcastic smile as I poured some wine from the liquor cabinet into acrystal glass.
What kind of nonsense is that? he inquired, stepping closer to snatch the glass from my hand and taking a slow sip.
My eyes couldnt leave his lips, now stained red by the drink, which only accentuated his mocking expression.
Tm sure this has something to do with that old warlock, Merkall.
Very clever.
I even felt something pulling me toward that woman, calling me.
She just doesnt realize Im going to turn her own trap against her, I said, taking back the glass and grabbing him by the waist, pulling him against my taller frame.
I took the last sip and tossed the glass onto the table, lowering my mouth to suck on his cold lips, exchanging the drink as our tongues intertwined.
We moved step by step toward the bed, never breaking the connection, feeling his hardness grow against mine as I caressed his strong back, sliding my hands down to the towel I was about to remove.
T think youve found a gem, Claus.
She seems to be Zareks true mate.
Do you know what that means? That if we have his mate as a hostage, weve got that Ancient bastard by the balls.
you have no idea how much your villainous streak turns me on, I whispered, smirking as I pushed him onto the bed.
The towel slipped away, revealing Clauss sexy, toned body, sprawled on my sheets, waiting just for me.
---- Ipounced on him, excited and burning, ready for a night of lust with my true mate.
sek VALERIA J dont know whats happening, but I cant reach Celine through my spell, I said, frowning at everyone in the room, concern weighing heavy in my voice.
###Chapter 232
---- VALERIA Could something have happened to my sister? Quinn immediately stepped closer, tense and worriedjust like the rest of us.
By now, Celine should have found Beof and contacted us.
I hada bad feeling too.
T cant reach her; I cant activate the small magic seal I left on her body.
But, Quinn, maybe it's because I dont know how to do it properly.
Im still learning a lot of things...
TI help you.
But, Mother...
I saw Gabrielle rise from the couch and walk hesitantly toward me.
I stepped forward to take her hand and guide her.
I glanced at Aldric standing nearby in the corner, his usual frown even deeper than usual.
Come on, lets try together, she smiled, taking both my hands and squeezing them.
hesitated a little, then looked at Quinn, who was also staring at her intently.
Those two seemed to have had some recent romantic troubles.
Sighing, I finally accepted, my hands sweating and my nerves on edge.
Summon Brielle, order her to create a power circle to enhance the communication.
Come on, do it like I taught you, she instructed, and my gaze traveled over the long sleeves of her dress, her neck, and the exposed part of her chest.
Scars remained; she wasnt the flawless woman she once was, but at ---- least she didnt look as vulnerable as before.
The worst part was her blindness.
I did as she instructed, closing my eyes and guiding my magic.
Hand in hand, we began reciting enchantments that poured into my mind.
It was incredibleI could feel our magic merging, hers a deep red and mine a dark black, entwining, dancing between our hands and around our bodies, making our clothes and hair swirl, combining to create something even more powerful.
It felt as if my mind traveled for miles and miles over the blue ocean, through fluffy clouds in the skyI could almost feel the forest breeze, the scent of the earth, the scent of Celine...
Celine? I saw her inside a small tent, lying on a cot.
Voices murmured nearby, and outside, I could hear the bustle of people and animals...
Valeria? Valeria, is that you? She sat up instantly, touching her shoulder where the activation of the spell must have burned.
Celine, its me! Where are you? Are you in danger? I asked quickly, feeling that I didnt have much time.
My mothers hands trembled, and something within Celine resisted me.
No, no.
Tell Quinn not to worry...
my mate.
What?! Celine, talk fast! 1...
[found my mate! I...
managed to enter the castle...
I understood bits and pieces of what she was saying when suddenly, a sharp pain overwhelmed my head, like thousands of needles stabbing into my brain a direct attack on my spell.
Something shoved me hard in the chest, abruptly severing the connection.
###Chapter 233
---- Istumbled back, opening my eyes in shock and fear, trying to regain my balance, but I felt myself losing it.
Strong arms caught me, my back colliding with a firm chest, preventing my fall.
Yet, I didnt have time to recover.
Gabrielle! Quinns roar echoed, and I saw, as if in slow motion, how he held my mothers nearly unconscious body.
Blood trickled from her nose and lips, her skin as pale as a corpse.
Mom! I tried to get up.
Wait, baby, Valeria, do you feel anything? The baby? Aldric immediately embraced me, his face filled with deep concern as he touched my belly.
What happened? Tm fine, love, Im fine.
Mom...
she took the attack for me.
I pulled away from his arms to run toward Quinn, who was laying her down on the couch cushions.
Tm fine, Quinn...
Im fine, she whispered weakly, wiping the blood from the corner of her mouth with a trembling hand.
Wait, let me clean you up.
I took out a handkerchief from the pocket of my dress and leaned over her, gently wiping her face.
My ears buzzed, and my brain felt like it had received a small electric shock, leaving me a bit dizzymy mother must be feeling much worse.
Why did you take the full attack? Mom, it was dangerous...
Thats exactly whyI couldnt let anything happen to you or the baby, she responded, breathing heavily.
Whats going on, Valeria? Whats happening with Celine? Quinns ---- serious, intimidating voice sounded beside me.
Aldric helped me to my feet, holding my shoulders.
With my face filled with worry, I explained what I had seen and more or less what I understood from what Celine had managed to tell me.
Your sister is in danger, Gabrielle concluded after a moment of silence.
Shes in the vampire camp and says one of them is her mate.
But all I could see in her mind was confusion and her wolfs instinct.
Something is wrong...
she mused, despite having most of her power drained.
Tf she can enter the castle now, it only means one thingZarek is letting her in, and that ancient being doesnt care about anything in this world unless...
Unless what? I repeated, everyone waiting for her conclusion.
The tension in the air was palpable.
Unless Celine is truly Zareks mate, and that puts her right in the crosshairs of the rebellion leaders.
Its not hard to figure outif they saw her enter the forbidden lands...
Theyre using and enchanting her to help them take control of the Realm.
Once shes served her purpose, they I either kill her or use her to control that powerful vampire, Quinn concluded, his voice filled with urgency.
T have to go find her.
I should never have let her leave alone.
His eyes shifted from my mother to Aldric, emotions warring in his mind.
We'll all go.
We cant stay here passively anymore.
The women are in better condition now.
I understand your point, Gabrielle, but I wont let any of those bastards take control of the Dark Realm.
Now theyve dared to mess with my people.
Prepare the shiptraveling by land would be ---- too hard for the women...
ll go by land.
Its faster than by ship.
I trust my mate, sir...
Wait, Quinn, dont rush, Gabrielle placed a hand on his shoulder.
Tf she is Zareks mate, they wont harm her.
They need her to blackmail himyou have no idea how powerful that man is.
Tm not going to bet on a maybe, Gabrielle.
Its my sisters life.
If it were Valeria, wouldnt you be just as desperate?
###Chapter 234
---- VALERIA The atmosphere was electric, the tension between them so thick it could be cut with a knife.
"Of course, you're right," she whispered, lowering her head, but I could see the conflict in her as she bit her lower lip.
Thad never seen her so submissive before.
I think she sensed that her mates patience was reaching its limit.
"Tl go prepare my things," Quinn said, moving closer to talk with Aldric about their strategy.
It was crucial to locate the werewolf camp, which, unsure of their next move, had only been holding their position at the borders.
Tapproached my mother and sat on a small corner of the couch, letting her rest against my chest.
I stroked her slightly withered hair, so different from the incredible woman I once caught a glimpse of.
"Mother, I know you have your fears, your past, but I have to tell you youre making a mistake," I finally expressed what I had been thinking.
It felt strange to be giving my mother relationship advice, but someone had to do it.
"It feels so good to have my daughter pamper me and talk to me with such trust," she responded, sinking deeper into my chest and squeezing my arm.
I kissed her hair, feeling the warmth of the connection between our hearts.
"Don't worry, sweetheart.
Enough of me showing you my most pathetic side," she finally said, sighing and sitting up just as Quinns footsteps ---- faded down the hall toward his room.
Iturned my head to see Aldric watching us silently, leaning against a column leading to the kitchen hallway.
"Valeria, talk to the White Witch.
Ask her to come tonightwe ll need her.
King Lycan, prepare everything for departure.
We wont need the ship; its too slow." "Mother, it wont be anything that puts you at risk, right?" I took her hands anxiously.
"You all are my priority.
If its risky, then" "Tm the last person who would put my blood at risk.
Valeria will be fine." "Its not Valeria Im worried about, Selenia Gabrielle," Aldrics voice came cold and dominant, their wills constantly clashing.
In the end, they were both powerful beings.
"Its you.
You have a tendency to sacrifice yourself for the cause.
I think the solution is simpler, but you insist on taking the hardest path.
Dont underestimate the power of a lycan.
We are the ultimate evolution of werewolves." I thought my mother would snap back with a sharp reply, but she remained silent, only nodding with a sigh.
"Go talk to the White Witch.
Everything will be fine.
Well reach the werewolf camp tonight," she said, attempting to stand.
Thelped her, stunned but without questioning anything.
She walked alone toward her mates room.
Tonight? Aldric and I exchanged looks, both with the same question in our eyes.
Unless we suddenly grew wings and flew...
well, Aldric did fly once, although he doesnt like to be reminded of it.
###Chapter 235
---- QUINN I feel anger, worry, frustrationa whole mix of emotions drowning me.
Being gentle and understanding isnt working, nor is being the gentleman, the seducer, the tough guy, or even the indifferent one.
I swore never to give up on Gabrielle, and I wont.
I love her, and every time I see her hurting herself, my heart clenches.
I want to protect her, to heal her wounds, but she wont let me into her life, and I cant force her.
Im drying my hair after a quick shower, getting ready to leave as soon as possible to find my sister.
Even though I know I'll be worried sick about Gabrielle, I trust Aldric's strength.
"She's entering the room," my wolf, Mordred, perks up, sniffing toward the door.
Being away from our mate is affecting him even more than me.
Gabrielles rejection wounds him deeply, though he never says anything.
But I can feel it through our bondevery time she pushes us away, Mordred suffers the most.
Tadjust the towel around my hips and step out, water still dripping from my hair.
Not that visual temptation would do anythingshe cant see me.
I dont speak as I walk toward the bed to grab my clothes.
Everything we found here seemed to belong to its previous owners, not that old witch.
"Quinn, arent you going to talk to me anymore? Dont you think you re acting a bit immature?" she says, standing in the middle of the room.
---- My heart pounds, and my wolf calls out for her desperately.
I want to go to her, to kiss her, to bury my nose in her neck, to touch herbut I hold back.
Im tired of always being the one who gives in.
"T thought that was the game you liked.
I thought you were braver, since you jump headfirst into danger at every opportunity.
Its amazing how fearless you are in battle but such a coward in your personal life." "Quinn, you dont understand.
I have my reasons..." "Reasons you dont share with me, Gabrielle.
You dont even give mea chance or a shred of trust.
Why should I keep trying with you?" I turned to face her, anger in my voice.
She was looking in my direction, following the sound of my voice.
"I know you're upset about letting your sister go because of me.
Im really sorry.
Theres a way you could be at the camp by tonight..." she takes a step forward, reaching out blindly.
Like a fool, I hold back the urge to touch her.
"Tm not upset about taking care of you.
Id never leave you behind because I love you.
I have no regrets.
But if there was a way to get to the camp, why didnt you say so before?" "Because I couldnt! I was too weak, the wounds were too fresh, and Valeria was also too drained to control her magic properly.
It would have been suicide to attempt it before.
But now...
we can try.
I want to help you get your sister back.
I wont let you lose her, Quinn..." "You're still weak.
Today you almost collapsed from a simple spell.
Do you plan to die trying?" My canines bared in anger.
I hated how she played with her life over and over again.
"No, no, I can do this.
I just need...
Ineed..." She started walking toward me slowly, but I noticed a fold in the rug that would make her trip.
---- I lunged forward, catching her in my arms just as she almost fell flat on her face.
Instantly, my cold, wet skin pressed against her warmer one, and it felt like sparks ignited between us.
She inhaled deeply against my chest, her nails digging into my pecs.
My hands on her waist struggled not to pull her closer.
What do you need, Gabrielle? Just tell me, for once in your damn life!" I gripped her shoulders, forcing her to face me.
###Chapter 236
---- QUINN "I need...
Ineed your blood, to feed on your life force and perform the spell together with Valeria and that witch," she said, lifting her head, our breaths mingling in the air thick with countless intense emotions.
"I know you heard what I said in the hall about my former mate..." "You were such a coward you didnt even tell me directly.
You knew I was there." "Iwas," she admitted, biting her lower lip.
"Because I was...
1am afraid..."" The vulnerability in her voice hit me harder than ever before, even more than when she first opened her eyes and discovered the mutilation of her body.
"And whats changed now, Gabrielle? If you're doing this out of guilt because I let Celine go to take care of you, you don't have to"" "Whats changed is that these past days without you by my side have hurt more than all my wounds and ghosts from the past.
Now, I can't let you rush into danger if I can prevent it," she interrupted, raising her hand and searching the air until she found my jaw, caressing it with her fingers.
My heart pounded like a lovesick fool.
"Quinn, I wouldnt survive losing you.
I'm not as strong anymore, and even if I had all my powers back, I still wouldnt be able to let you go.
I dont want to hurt you, my mate, so all I can do is pray to the Goddess that Im not making a mistake this time.
I want...
I want you to give me another chance to start over..." ---- "I dont want to," I told her flatly, watching her face freeze in shock.
"Quinn! Are you out of your damn mind?!" "No, Mordred! We have to push now that shes breaking.
We dont want scrapswe want it all!" I growled at my wolf, and he calmed down, though he paced anxiously, watching Gabrielle's reaction.
"I told you, if you ever wanted my blood, you'd have to beg for it.
Besides, I dont intend to give my life force away for free," I blatantly ignored the fact that I was doing it to get to Celine.
Suddenly, I saw her lower her head, and for a moment, I doubted whether I'd done the right thing by cornering her.
But then, her shoulders started to shake, and I heard her low, sexy laugh.
"Fine, that seems fair.
Then let me ask you more politelyor better yet, let me pay you in advance for draining all your delicious blood," she lifted her head, a seductive smile curving her lips, making my cock twitch under the towel.
"Tell me when you reach the edge of the bed," she started pushing me back with her palms pressed against my chest.
I took slow steps back, letting her lead me, until my legs hit the mattress.
"I'm there," I said, already aroused by the shift in atmosphere, the spicy- sweet scent of pink pepper teasing my senses.
"Good.
Then lets start with the payment," she suddenly slid her hand from my chest down my abdomen to the edge of the towel, yanking it down to the floor, leaving me completely naked while her other hand pushed me onto the bed.
Ilet myself fall, propping up on my elbows, legs spread, my cock semi- erect.
This whole sinful game was turning me on like crazy, and the heavy scent of arousal filled the room.
###Chapter 237
---- "You'll have to forgive my clumsiness, so be patient with a blind woman, " she smiled wickedly, those full lips I was dying to kiss driving me insane as she let her robe slip down her body.
Underneath, she wore a simple white nightgown, making it easier for her to change.
"Now, where should I start paying off my debt?" My eyes devoured her hardened nipples through the sheer fabric and the shadow of her mound beneath it, as she slowly, tantalizingly opened the gown.
"I must admit, I've been dying to taste you for a long time," she teased, running the tip of her tongue along her upper lip.
My cock was now fully erect.
"It's not just blood I need, my mate.
You can give me another vital fluid...
What if we start with that?" I swallowed hard, unable to even respond.
She fully opened the gown and let it slide sensually off her shoulders, pooling at her feet, leaving her completely naked before my wolfish eyes that instantly shifted, glowing with desire.
My canines slid out, tracing every inch of her exposed skin.
Her scars didnt matter to meshe had always been perfect in my eyes.
She stepped closer, slipping between my open legs, leaning forward, her beautiful breasts swaying enticingly.
Her hands pressed down on my thighs.
Isat up slightly, taking her hands and guiding them.
Her long hair tickled my skin, and we were so close...
Iwas dying to make love to this woman.
"You dont have to do this.
It might be difficult for you..." ---- "Shhh, don't you dare pity me, Quinn.
Save your sympathy for yourself you re going to need it," she warned dangerously, pressing into my thighs, her hands trailing erotically over my muscles and down to my groin.
Tlet out a low growl when her fingers traced my erection, making me hiss in pleasure.
Her mouth moved closer, seeking a kiss I couldn't deny her.
Honestly, I don't know how much longer I can keep playing hard to get when all I want is for this Selenia to sink her fangs into me and suck me drybody and soul.
###Chapter 238
---- QUINN Sweat dripped down my back, tracing every tense muscle, my entire body trembling with pleasure.
Adeep growl escaped my throat.
My hips seemed to have a will of their own, thrusting upward into that hot mouth sucking and licking me, her tongue swirling around the tip of my c*ck and swallowing all the pre-c*m that kept leaking from my slit without end.
Her large, sensual breasts enveloped the base of my shaft and my balls, as she pressed them together with her hands, giving me an extra massage that was driving me to the edge of bliss.
"Gabrielle," I moaned in a primal voice, losing control, my lycan side taking over.
I wanted more, I craved more...
My thoughts were consumed by dark, lustful desires.
I grabbed her shoulders and pulled her up, laying her on top of me on the bed.
I needed to taste her too.
sek GABRIELLE I found myself being controlled and dominated; this man did whatever he wanted with my body, and I could only let himI wanted to let him.
In bed, I had always been the dominant one, but I have to admit that this experience of depending on him, of letting him play with my senses, was ---- driving me insane.
"Much better," he murmured with that voice that had me on the brink of orgasm, his animal instincts speaking through him.
He had placed me over his body, and from our position, I knew I would be getting my share of delicious licks too.
His intense, musky masculine scent guided me back to his hard cock.
My hand caressed his toned abdomen, my nails tracing the swollen veins of my mates masculinity.
Goddess, how could something so perfect and delicious taste like apples and honey? I gripped him at the base, holding him up for me, and began running my tongue around the mushroom-shaped tip, savoring the strong, viscous essence of Quinn, intoxicated by his taste.
Topened my lips and sucked him in, moaning with pleasure, taking him in as deep as I could, breathing heavily through my nose, again and again, giving him pleasure, my fangs grazing him dangerously.
My hand slid down to my bellyI was so aroused; I could feel the juices dripping from my pussy, but I needed more, I wanted more.
I touched my clit, trembling; I knew very well he was watching, enjoying the sight of my exposed femininity right in his face, so I showed him just how shameless I could bejust for him.
With my index and middle fingers, I spread my wet folds, teasing them, then slid my middle finger inside my pussy, pumping fast and deep, showing him exactly how I could drive myself wild.
reveled in the wet, lewd sounds of my mouth sucking his shaft and the growls of the horny wolf beneath me.
###Chapter 239
---- "Gerrr," I moaned with a full mouth when two rough hands grabbed my ass, digging his claws into my flesh, spreading me wide apart, and the first lick fell, forcing me to pull my fingers out.
Quinns mouth sucked on my pussy lips, his tongue flicking my clit expertly, making me moan like crazy, my throat vibrating around his cock.
His long wolf tongue started to explore, penetrating me, moving in and out just the way I wished his cock would.
He was pushing me to the edge of no return.
In my world of darkness, all other senses magnified, floating in my mind full of lust, making me push against his face, opening myself wider to his hungry assault.
Two fingers, three, plunged into my pussy, saliva and arousal dripping down my thighs as we devoured each other.
My sensitive nipples constantly rubbed against his sexy abs, stimulating me from all sides.
I took his hard balls in my other hand, pressing my elbows into the mattress, massaging and fondling them while my lewd mouth worked his cock up and down, taking him to the back of my throat.
The contractions and the primal growl of my mate inside my folds told me I had him exactly where I wanted him.
With the first hot spurt over my tongue, my own lust reached its peak.
I greedily swallowed everything he gave me; he wasnt lying when he said his semen carried his life force, his virility.
Quinn devoured me just as deliciously, deep and thorough, my legs trembling with pleasure, my body feeling alive like never before ---- perhaps for the first time ever.
If this was just foreplay, I couldnt wait to have him completely inside me, fucking me like the wild lycan he was.
"Baby, are you okay?" his rough, sensual voice poured into my ears.
Iloved this manhe drove me insane.
I didnt know how I had resisted these pleasures for so long.
"No, I need to try harder to take your life force, although I admit the initial taste was...
spicy." Isat up shamelessly on his abdomen, rubbing my wet pussy all over his sweaty skin, licking my swollen lips, my throat a little sore from his thrustsbut it was totally worth it.
limagined him lying naked and breathless beneath me, watching my ass and my black hair cascading down my pale back with those sexy golden eyes.
A fleeting thought of not being pretty enough crossed my mind, but I buried it quickly.
I wasn't one for self-pity, and right now, all I wanted was for him to fuck me so hard that I'd forget how to breathe.
###Chapter 240
---- GABRIELLE With that thought in mind, I began to turn over his body with a bit of clumsiness, ending up face-to-face with him.
"Gabrielle," he murmured my name, grabbing my waist and helping me straddle his thighs, both of us sitting on the bed.
His semi-erect cock brushed against my ass, but soon I would make sure it was fully hard.
"Can I take another advance? I need more strength to please you," I whispered, running my hands behind his neck, pressing my breasts against his chest, caressing his nape, inhaling the intoxicatingly sweet scent of his pheromones, my vampire canines aching unbearably.
"you know you don't have to ask," he sighed, gripping my hips, pulling me closer to his dominant body.
"You can take whatever you want from me; Ive always been yours, for your pleasure..." "For our pleasure, my male.
The Goddess gave you such a troublesome mate; I can only repay you for my mistakes with my body.
I want you to take me, Quinn.
Since the moment I met you, I've desired you, but I'm just a stubborn fool." I felt him shudder at my insinuations, and I adjusted his now fully hard erection beneath my sex.
"Mmm, such a sensual and understanding mate, tasting like my favorite dessert, with such a powerful cock and quick reactions...
I think you were my perfect reward for my sacrifice." "T'm still mad.
---- "I know, baby, thats why Im going to beg while you ride me..." Ileaned in and began to taste him, licking, following my instincts, listening to the frantic pulse beating beneath his strong heart.
Low, aroused growls escaped Quinns throat, his hands gripping me tightly, setting my entire body on fire.
He exposed his neck to me, offering me his life, showing me his most vulnerable spot, and my soul melted, trying to express all my feelings through our fragile bond.
Tts not just physical, love; its something much more complex.
Every touch, every caress, every gesture you gave me when I was hurt...
I carry it in my heart.
"Baby, I can't hold back anymore.
Quinn, please stop meif I hurt you, I barely managed to whisper.
This wasn't our mating stop m ceremony, yet the call of his blood clouded my mind and triggered every predatory instinct.
Terotically licked his pulse, my vampire claws sinking into his shoulders, my core throbbing with excitement against his shaft.
I opened my mouth and sank my fangs into his vein.
The hot, powerful liquid poured onto my tongue, sliding down my throat as I swallowed greedily.
The life force of my mate was the most delicious, addictive thing I had ever tastedit made me frantic and horny.
My lips sucked hungrily at his skin, my entire body vibrating while every withered cell in me desperately absorbed his essence.
My hips started grinding against him, creating an overwhelming friction between our bodies.
###Chapter 241
---- Hisses slipped past my lips, now red and dripping with crimson liquid.
My entire world was consumed by the orgy of his sweet taste, but I needed morethe pleasure wasn't complete.
With all my willpower, I stopped drinking from his neck, licking the wound to heal it, and pushed him down by his chest.
Quinn fell back onto the bed, his ragged breaths filling the air, his spicy, aroused pheromones surrounding me, tempting me.
Isat up a little and reached for his firm cockit felt thicker and harder.
I knew very well that his lycan side had come out to play.
"Mmm, ssshhh," I moaned, licking the remaining blood off my lips, sucking my fingers erotically before pinching my hard nipples.
My hips moved in slow, sensual circles, sliding his slick tip along my wet entrance until I positioned him right where I needed him.
"Ahhhh!" I tilted my head back, tongue out, arching my spine, pushing my ass up high.
My body descended, my pussy greedily swallowing my mate's thick length.
"Quinn...
sshhh, so good, baby...
ahh, so big...
mmm, I love you, my lycan...
my man..." The room filled again with our desperate moans, this time more frantic.
The bed creaked beneath us as I rode him, digging my claws into his chest, marking him as mine, riding him vigorously, slamming down onto his cock, hitting my cervix and my sweet spot over and over.
Iwas sweating, moaning over his body like a desperate woman, begging for more.
---- Quinn sat up, gripping my ass, holding it tightly while I bounced wildly, thrusting up into me with brutal, delicious force.
His canines grazed and bit my breasts, making me shudder.
Our mouths clashed again in fevered kisses, and my fangs found his neck once more.
As my body was pleasured, my thirst for his blood grew insatiable.
I drank from him again and again, lost in the frenzy, forgetting everything elseI just wanted him to be a part of me, to merge with my body completely.
I wasn't even aware of how much I might be hurting him, weakening him, draining him dry.
For amoment, my consciousness blurred entirely, repressed memories of a lifeless man in my arms, trying to revive him, soaked in his blood.
The pleasure dissolved into terror and panic.
"Don't you dare think about another male in my presenceyoure mine, Gabrielle, ONLY MINE!" A furious lycan roar snapped me out of the abyss.
My entire body was flipped over onto the bed, my head spinning, dazed, and I found myself pinned down, face pressed into the mattress.
###Chapter 242
---- GABRIELLE I screamed into the pillow when my center was impaled from behind, my legs spread wide, and my trembling fists clenched onto the sheets.
Dominated by the full weight of my mate pressing down on my back, mounting me like a wolf in heat.
My moans were muffled by the fabric, blending with Quinn's deep growls vibrating against my nape as he obsessively licked it.
Iknew he was going to mark me, and my being called out to his with desperation.
"Quinn..." Imoaned, my voice muffled, as his thrusts turned savage, his thick shaft stretching every muscle inside my core, the boundary between painful pleasure blurring in my mind.
Ishattered into a million pieces of ecstasy as I reached a mind-blowing orgasm, feeling his lycan canines sink deep into my nape and his cock knotting me, filling me with his seed until my belly felt swollen.
In my turbulent mind, the image of a wolf began to take shapeI knew it was Quinns wolf spirit calling out to me, howling.
The mark was temporary; I no longer had the magic that once allowed me to hear the inner wolves, even if they werent mine.
But now, when I wanted so badly to connect with my mate, I couldnt.
Still, I called out to him with all the strength in my heart, feeling a gentle caress wrap around my consciousness for a few seconds.
"You are my female, Gabrielle.
Never again dare to push me away, to ---- push us away.
You are our entire world, baby.
I love you so much, my Gabrielle, never forget that, my mate.
Never forget me..."" Tears rolled down my damaged eyes as his figure faded from my mind despite my desperate attempt to reach him.
Icouldnt hold onto him for longI needed my power back, I needed my life restored.
Feeling his strong heartbeat against my back, I gradually calmed down.
Warm arms wrapped around me, turning us to the side while still connected.
Quinn gently licked my nape, our sweat-slicked skin clinging together, our legs tangled, and in the comfortable silence of a few seconds, the intensity of our emotions slowly settled.
"Baby, dont cry.
Hes ecstatic that you accepted us, that you spoke to him, even if just for a moment.
Gabrielle, he told you what hes been dying to confess," he whispered, holding me tighter, comforting me.
"Quinn, without magic, Ill never be able to perform the Selenia ceremony.
Ill never be able to carve my name into your heart, to truly belong to you," my voice came out fragmented, filled with disappointment.
"Never say never, Gabrielle.
You already belong to me completely, my mate," he murmured into my ear, sitting up slightly.
My insides trembled with the aftershocks of our release, feeling the warm white fluids slowly trailing down my thighs and onto the sheets.
"T think Ive proven to you that Im a very persistent manI dont give up easily.
We ll find a solution.
I just want you to be okay, Gabrielle, and never again think of pushing me away.
My wolf and I are more than satisfied with that."
###Chapter 243
---- He kissed my shoulder, making my heart tremble.
Its no wonder hes managed to tear down all my wallsthis man is the perfect antidote to my stubbornness.
My own personal, addictive drug.
"So, am I forgiven? Did my bribe work?" I asked with a smile, trying to bring back the playful atmosphere.
Ahot breath in my ear made my nipples tighten with pleasure.
"No, youre not forgiven yet.
I need more bribes.
Once wasnt enough, and in return, you can sink your fangs into me again.
Grrr...
I didnt know Id get so hard feeling you feed from my vein.
Sshhh...
You get so turned on, and I love how your pussy clenches around me..." "Wait, Quinn, wait, love...
We need to rest for tonight.
Mmm...
Youre still knotted inside me, you perverted lycan!" "Just one more time, my experienced lady, just one more.
I need you to teach meIm just a young, inexperienced pup..." se QUINN The clouds began to move rapidly across the sky, as if a storm were approaching.
Standing behind my female, making sure she was okay, Aldric positioned behind Valeria, and the priestess was also present for the ritual taking place in the back garden.
Sparks of energy crackled in the air, the circle beneath our feet glowing red, black, and green, the magic pulsing through their incantations as ---- they held hands.
Aldric and I exchanged a glance, both with the same furrowed expression.
We never liked magic muchlycans dont rely on spellsbut this thing was proving to be useful for many reasons.
My eyes drifted toward the old mansion, which had gone from being a strange place to holding some of my most frustrating, saddening, and yet sweetest memories.
The townspeople eventually calmed down, but they never fully accepted Valeria.
Their hearts still followed the strongest, responded to control, and Valeria was too peaceful and gentlea truly compassionate soul.
Suddenly, thunder rumbled in the distance, and every hair on my body stood on end as the clouds revealed the moon, now directly overhead.
Full moon? Icould have sworn tonight wasnt the cycle, but to my complete shock, the chants reached a frenzied peak, and a dark eclipse began to cover the light.
The flapping of ravens echoed from the shadows.
"Quinn, the moment is approaching.
Stay close to me." Gabrielle warned me, and I placed a hand on her shoulder.
Talready had my mate with menow I just needed my other loved one to be safe.
I knew she was a warrior and wouldnt go down easily.
?Celine, wait for me.
Your brother is coming?
###Chapter 244
---- ALDRIC It seemed as if the Moon had turned into a chilling black hole, and from its depths, hundreds of ravens flew out, swirling in chaotic patterns.
Their deafening caws irritated my lycan ears; I couldnt understand how they carried over such vast distances.
Worse yet, I feared this powerful magic could harm my woman and our pup.
"Aldric, hold onto me tightly!" Valerias voice rang out, and I embraced her from behind, protecting her belly with my large hands as we were engulfed by a frenzied flock of ravens, spinning around us over and over.
The dark fog swallowed the air, and suddenly, I felt like I was losing my footing.
It was as if my body was being lifted from the ground, no longer connected to anything around me.
Thated all this witchcraftif I was being honestbut I held my loved ones close against my chest and buried my head in the crook of Valerias neck, closing my eyes as feathers brushed against my skin, beaks, claws, the whistling of the wind in my ears, and then...
drifting.
I dont know how long it lasted, but suddenly, the deafening noise ceased, and I felt the ground beneath my boots.
Blessed earthlycans werent made to fly through the air! "Baby, are you okay? Valeria..." Topened my eyes and turned her towards me, her entire body drenched ---- in sweat, pale and exhausted.
"Yes, yes...
[just...
Ineed you to feed me as soon as we re with our people.
Dont worry." But I did worry, because she looked too weak.
I lifted her into my arms and scanned our surroundings, getting my bearings.
Quinn was already carrying his mate, half-unconscious, leading her toward some dark bushes in the middle of the forest we had arrived in.
I did the sameValeria needed to be fed urgently.
I walked to the nearest tree and sat down with her on my lap.
I tore open my shirt and, without hesitation, used my claws to slash my chest.
"Drink, baby, come on.
You and our pup cant wait any longer," I guided her head down to my wound.
She licked my blood, and I growled low as I felt her canines sink into my skin, the delicious pull on my vein sending a shiver down my spine.
Icradled her against my chest, caressing her waist and kissing her sweat- drenched forehead.
My wolf and I were satisfied, giving life to our family.
As Valeria fed voraciously, replenishing her energy, I analyzed our surroundings.
Since we arrived, I hadnt sensed any dangeronly the whispers of the forest and the nocturnal animals on their hunts.
Ilooked up at the waning moonit was incredible that they had
###Chapter 245
---- managed to create a portal through it.
"Mmm," my mates soft moan signaled that she was finished.
The tip of her tongue sealed my wound, sending shivers of pleasure straight to my already swollen crotch.
"Are you satisfied?" I brushed her dark hair from her forehead and leaned in to kiss her red lips, still bearing traces of my blood.
"you know!m not satisfied, but whatever...
Thinking about that right now, in the middle of nowhere, with my mother just meters away, would be totally indecent." "I can assure you, your mother is doing the sameor worsewith Quinn.
The scent of lust is floating all the way over here..."" "Aldric, gross!" she laughed beautifully, slapping my shoulder, and I couldnt help but smile, infected by her embarrassed expression.
It didnt matter if the world was ending, as long as this woman was happy and safe.
"Come on, we need to find the camps trail," I caressed her cheek, and we shared one last kiss filled with promises for when wed be alone.
"Figure out how to hide that thing," she teased as we stood, running her palm erotically over my hardened length.
"If you keep teasing it, its going to bite you like a rabid dog," I growled into her ear, pressing against her, filled with all the desire she always awakened in me.
We separated and composed ourselves when the rustling leaves signaled the return of the other lovebirds.
"Mom, how are you?" Valeria immediately asked, concerned as she ---- looked at Gabrielle in Quinns arms.
The scent of desire was everywherethis feeding thing was far too arousing between mates.
"Dm fine, Vale, and you? The baby?" Despite how it sounded, I think Gabrielle was secretly relieved to have an excuse not to look her daughter in the eyeher gaze darting everywhere, her cheeks flushed.
"We're fine, Mom." "Well, its confirmed that we all arrived safely.
Now we need to figure out which direction the camp is in," I stated the obvious.
"Baby, climb onto my backwell walk through the forest so you dont tire yourself." "T think the camp is east.
We veered off a little when the other witch lost connection and stayed behind," Gabrielle explained, and with that, we set off.
Quinn and I scouted ahead, fully alert.
We were in enemy territory, and with our treasures, we couldnt take any risks.
Our strong lycan legs carried us swiftly through the trees and undergrowth, foxes and weasels fleeing as we crossed clearings and streams with our mates on our backs.
After about half an hour, the scent of lycans and werewolves reached our sensitive noses.
"Love, are you okay? Do you feel dizzy, any pain?" I asked Valeria, and after she and Gabrielle both reassured us, Quinn and I exchanged glances and picked up speed to arrive sooner.
Ten minutes later, the roaring sound of water grew louder ahead, and as we crossed the tree line, we saw the lights and tents of our camp, settled on the other side of the deep river that marked the border between the realms.
---- Iraised my head and howled with all my lycan strength.
Soon, voices erupted from the other side, torches flickered, and the camp stirred with hurried footsteps approaching the shore.
"It's our King!" Quinn is with him too!" "_..
Launch the boat, we need to bring them over!"
###Chapter 246
---- ALDRIC Soon, the boat used to cross the river was set in motion.
These waters were treacherous, infested with crocodiles and other dangerous creatures.
I would dare to cross it alone, but not with my woman on my back.
"Were with our people now, love.
Everything will be fine," I kissed Valerias hand, and she kissed the back of my neck.
It was time to plan our revenge and the conquest of this realm.
I didnt care who sat on the throne, as long as it was an ally.
No one would ever threaten my family again.
ook CELINE I felt terrible.
My head ached, dizziness overwhelmed my senses, and my chest tightened with a dull pain.
What was happening to me? Was it the curse of my blood? Was I about to have another relapse? I couldnt think clearly.
Helplessness grew inside me as I sank into the scalding water of the tub, closing my eyes, exhausted.
When I opened them again, I was somewhere else.
Where...
where am I now?" I asked myself, staring blankly around.
---- Iwas standing, submerged up to my hips in what looked like a rectangular pool, filled with steaming water and dark rose petals.
It was an enormous bathroom, the mist from the hot water clouding the air.
White columns supported the high ceiling, where a massive golden chandelier filled with candles illuminated the luxurious space.
At the far end of the pool, small white stairs led up to a resting area, adorned with soft cushions, two goblets, and a golden pitcher that smelled of wine.
It looked like a place designed for lovers, for a steamy bath shared by two but what was I doing here? Before I could call my wolf, I tensed at the sensation of a hand wrapping around my waist from behind.
I hadnt even noticed another presence! I tried to turn, to pull away in fear, but a strong, naked body pressed against my back, hot breath falling dangerously low over my ear.
"Why did you disobey me, Celine?" It was him.
It was Zarek.
My whole body tensed, yet at the same time, it was filled with an unfamiliar longing; my heart pounded wildly.
Icould feel his nakedness, the hard muscles of his chest, and his erect member pressed against my ass.
I didnt dare move.
The deal with my mate was to pretendif Zarek tempted me again, I would make him believe I was falling for his lies, just so I could get Dante into the palace.
ale Iwas scared...
no..."
###Chapter 247
---- "Liar," he hissed, making me shudder.
His hand slid up to my neck, and I felt the sharp edge of his claws as he squeezed slightly.
I swallowed hard, a thousand emotions crashing inside my chest.
If this was a dream, could he kill me? "IT would never harm you, little one.
You are my life, Celine.
The mistress of my power and my will, the only one who can command and control me.
His grip loosened, and his fingers trailed down to my breasts, while his other hand hovered over my abdomen.
His seductive words melted into my senses, making me close my eyes, trying to resist his sweet compulsion, but my entire body vibrated with pleasure and repressed desires.
?
How could these illusions feel so real...
so hot and intoxicating? "Wait a moment..." I swallowed, struggling against the fire igniting within me and grabbed his hands.
I could hear his heavy breathing against my neck and feel the throbbing hardness pressing against my backside.
"Pll come to the palace to free you.
If I do, will you let me in?" Suddenly, I found myself turned around, and I immediately lowered my head.
I didnt know why, but I couldnt bear to look directly into his eyes and lie to him like this.
Wasnt he supposed to be the deceiver here? My eyes fixed on his muscular chest, where strange letters were etched ---- across his left pectoral, along with those scars.
"Look at me, Celine.
Look into my eyes," he commanded, and I slowly lifted my gaze.
Those dangerous red eyes stared at me with such intensity that they seemed to devour me without even touching me, seeing through every lie and secret buried in my soul.
His wet black hair fell over his broad shoulders, contrasting with his pale skin.
The mist swirled between our bodies, his scent overwhelming my senses; I didnt know what to do.
I was never good at seductionI always went straight to the point with my lovers, nothing more.
"Come to the castle, and I will do whatever you desire," he lifted his hand and caressed my cheek without hesitation.
I felt awful, like a traitor.
The words got stuck in my throat.
I wanted to tell him, Tell me no...
please, tell me no, because Im not going to free you, Im lying, and someone else is going to keep you locked away...
oo Ibegan to speak, but my head suddenly felt as if thousands of needles were piercing it, and I clutched my temple with a trembling hand.
Something was wrong, very wrong.
I wanted to resist, to break free, but the more I fought, the more it hurt.
"No, dont resist, Celine.
Dont hurt yourself, little one.
Look at me always look at me, Celine!" he ordered relentlessly, clearing the darkness in my mind like a soothing balm to my agony.
---- When my eyes locked onto his blood-red irises, it was as if he controlled my entire world and banished all my fears.
He cupped my face in his hands, but I kept avoiding his gaze.
My chest burned, my entire being rebelled against betraying him.
Why? "My love, dont be afraid.
Do what you must.
You are the only one in this world who could rip my heart out, and I would still forgive you.
Everything will be fine.
Leave it to me, just come to the castle, Celine.
However you can, come to my lands." "Im not coming alone..."
###Chapter 248
---- CELINE I finally managed to speak, but I couldnt say anything more, couldnt reveal anything else, even if I wanted to.
I thought hed be angry, but instead, he gave me a sinister smile that sent shivers down my spine.
"I know, you're bringing clever rats into our home, but it doesnt matter, baby.
Your husband is the deadliest predator of allIll gut them for you, "he grinned, his fangs gleaming dangerously.
I wanted to step back, but his arms wrapped tightly around my waist, pulling my head against his chest protectively, my entire body melting into his.
This man radiated danger from every pore, and he wasnt even physically here.
Yet, in his embrace, I felt like I was in the safest refuge imaginable.
"Pll do everything you ask, but I wonder...
what do I get in return?" he whispered after a few seconds.
"Tn...
return?" How did the atmosphere change so quickly? I was getting nervous now.
"W-What...
do you want?" "You know very well what I want, Celine.
I want to devour you completely, little mate.
I've never felt such thirst in my life." His breath mingled with my ragged one, his lips erotically brushing against mine.
"Tll take an advance on what you owe me." Before I could process anything, he assaulted me with a deep and ---- delicious kiss.
His mouth moved dominantly over mine, his tongue invading, wreaking hot havoc in my mind.
His hands cradled my ass, lifting me onto his waist.
Taken by surprise, I clung to his shoulders and wrapped my legs around him.
The world spun, the illusion shifted, and I found myself falling onto soft cushions.
Above me, that sexy vampire was sucking on my exposed breasts, making indecent sounds.
He gripped my hips tightly, grinding sensually between my spread legs as if we were making love.
I swear I could feel the exhilarating tingle of his cock thrusting into me, slow and delicious, over and over, stretching my folds and striking that sweet spot that drove me insane.
Our wet bodies increased the hot and fluid friction, the hisses and moans blending with the mist in the air.
His fangs sank into my left breast, sucking lasciviously.
Instead of hating it or being afraid, I ended up crying out hoarsely, closing my eyes in ecstasy, coming harder than ever, trembling from pure pleasure.
My own vampire fangs emerged, my claws dug into his skin, and the need to mark this man as mine overwhelmed methe urge to drink the blood from his heart until I was sated.
Thad always hated this part of me, because of what that damn vampire did to my mother, because of what they represented, because they condemned me to live in constant pain.
###Chapter 249
---- "Tll make you love the beautiful and sensual vampire you repress; shes mine.
Your untamed she-wolf is mine too.
Everything belongs to me.
They are all incredible and unique because they are part of youthe most precious part to me." His voice filtered through my orgasmic haze, sending butterflies fluttering in my belly.
Topened my eyes to find him staring at me deeply.
I knew none of this was real, so many questions crowding my confused mind.
"Shhh, dont force it, little one.
Soon we I see each other, and everything will be fine, Celine.
It doesnt matter if you dont trust me now I trust both of us.
What I feel inside for you is enough for the both of us.
He took my hand, placing it over his chest where his powerful heart beat, and his beautiful face leaned in for one last kissone that tasted of bitterness and betrayal.
With a deep breath, I returned to my small tent in the vampire camp.
Ilooked around, feeling slightly dizzy, and then down at my body.
Shame burned my cheeks.
My hand was still submerged in the water, between my legs, with my middle finger buried inside my convulsing pussy, trembling from the aftershocks of an orgasm.
"Damn it, this is crazy," I sighed, trying to compose myself.
All this time...
what the hell was my wolf doing while I was masturbating, thinking about that seductive vampire? "Mia...
Mia?" ---- "Celine, I'm so tired, let me sleep," she responded, and I saw her curled up in my consciousness.
I didnt bother her any further and got up to dress and finally lie down.
Id drain the tub tomorrow.
Outside, the camp was silent, with only the occasional sound of the guards patrolling.
With my mind in chaos, I managed to close my eyes and fall asleep in the small cot after tossing and turning endlessly.
The next morning, I woke up with the feeling that I had forgotten something important.
I wasnt sure...
maybe just a dream.
But there was one clear idea in my head, and with it, I left my tent, heading toward my mates.
I found him organizing the guard shift for the warriors.
"Good morning, Celine.
Did you sleep well?" "Be ready tonight.
Were going to the castle, but you have to go alone.
I can't get everyone inside, or Zarek will suspect, and the plan will be ruined," I interrupted him, and he was silent for a second.
Surprise flashed across his face before he masked it with his usual indifference.
"Fine, I'll be ready tonight to take control of the castle." ook MERKALL (THE OLD WARLOCK) "Well, well, things have turned out much better than I imagined.
That ---- woman is a real gem, my dear!" I squeezed Lailas cheeks, laughing euphorically.
"I never imagined shed be Prince Zareks mate, and now shes leading that idiot Dante straight into our trap." "Mm, that lucky hybrid.
What I wouldnt give to be the mate of such a powerful Ancient," she pouted in dissatisfaction, but I didnt have time for her nonsense.
"Come, come, lets plan this carefully, and call Mirlo immediately.
Gather all our forcestonight, well assassinate the vampire leader whos coming alone, and we'll take control of the castle and the Dark Realm."
###Chapter 250
---- NARRATOR Whispers of footsteps echoed through the forest, the moonlight revealing silhouettes moving stealthily and cautiously, hiding and waiting.
The entrance to the cemetery is just ahead...
No, well go another way, Dante cut off the hybrid who was his trump card.
Follow me.
He ordered, and although doubtful, Celine followed his quick steps in silence until the sound of water reached her ears.
Dante led her through a stream filled with pebbles, following the current until they reached tall weeds that obscured the path ahead.
When the vampire pushed aside the thick grass, Celine was astonished to see the water flowing from a large, round holelike the exit of an old aqueduct.
Come on, lets go through here.
This area is still outside the castles influence.
Zarek doesnt control it, and its safer than the cemetery.
Lets go.
He gestured with his hand, and both stepped into the dark hole, their boots splashing in the water.
The damp, stale air reeked of death and decay.
But why dont you want to go through the cemetery? Celine asked curiously.
The truth was, she felt awfulnauseous, with a throbbing headache, ---- barely able to move forward.
It was as if puppet strings were pulling at each of her limbs.
The cemetery isnt safe.
If we take this route, we should end up directly in the inner plaza, inside the castle walls, after you help me pass the barrier.
Dante didnt want to give too many explanations to that fool.
He wasnt sure how much Merkall had invaded her mind that old manipulator must have had some vision involving this girl.
The cemetery wasnt safe for one simple reason.
Despite being imprisoned for centuries, Dante feared the power of that formidable vampire prince he had only heard about in whispers.
Celine cautiously looked around, scanning the narrow stone walls that twisted deeper underground.
Her vampire eyes pierced the darkness.
Soon, the path opened into a vast chamber with many dark tunnels leading to unknown places.
And in one of them, crouched like a predator, was Merkall.
He knew it.
He knew Dante would take the old aqueduct route.
This was the vision he had of herguiding Dante to the castle.
The only thing he hadnt known was the exact moment it would happen, so when fate led Celine into his hands, he decided to take control and give destiny a little push.
What he never understood from his vision was how she could enter the castle.
Now he knewit was through her bond with that powerful bloodsucker.
---- The red mark on the inside of her thigh, which he used to confirm that she was the same woman from his clairvoyance, seemed to be connected to Zarek.
Celine, tell me, do you feel any kind of pull? From here on, its amaze of tunnels, its hard to tell the way.
I havent gone any further, Dante asked.
He seemed relaxed on the outside, but inside, he was more than alert.
T think...
Celine looked at the gaping tunnel mouths, but one in particular seemed to pull her in.
That way.
She pointed, but as soon as she took a step, her entire mind exploded in agonizing pain, as if thousands of knives were stabbing into her brain.
She clutched her temples, roaring in agony, bending forward.
Thank you, dear, for showing us the way.
Now, come here, Celine.
Merkalls venomous voice finally emerged from the darkness, revealing himself as flames ignited the old candelabras on the walls.
Well, well, if it isnt my old friend Merkall...
Hey! No, no, baby, you're not going anywhere.
Dante grabbed Celine immediately, wrapping his arm around her neck, holding her tightly despite her struggle.
Her skin felt cold and trembling, sweat making her clothes cling to her body.
She kept her eyes shut, panting heavily, fully aware that Merkall was attacking her mind with his control spell.
T figured you wouldnt hand her over so easily, Dante sneered, his grip tightening.
But this time, I wont lose to you.
I came very prepared.
And with a snap of his fingers, men and women with faces full of hatred
###Chapter 251
---- began to emerge from all the tunnelssorcerers and hybrids alike, thirsty for revenge, their eyes fixed on Dante as if they wanted to gut him on the spot.
Give me the woman, Dante.
I know you came alone.
Weve been watching the forest around the entrance; we know you have no backup.
You will die here and now for your sins! Merkall stepped forward, confident in his strategy, believing he had outplayed this arrogant vampire.
He had carefully preserved a dagger stained with Dantes blood from an old battle and used it to inject that same blood into Celines body.
Combined with his magic, it would confuse them both, making them believe they were matesensuring Dante wouldn't suspect Celines true intentions and that she would unwittingly lead him straight into their trap.
Suddenly, as the circle of sorcerers tightened around him, Dante burst into mocking laughter, his chuckles echoing through the tunnels.
Merkall signaled his people to hold back.
Something was off.
Dante looked too relaxed, too confidentdespite having no way out.
So, you watched the forest, Dante said, his crimson eyes locking onto the warlocks with an unsettling intensity.
Tell me, did you look carefully inside? Merkalls eyes filled with suspicion and doubt.
This is just a trick to escape! Yes, boss! We checked the tunnels; there was no one here! And you checked, you fools...
but did you look for animals? Dante sneered, his amusement palpable.
---- At his words, Merkall tensed.
It couldnt behad Dante prepared so far in advance? When did he suspect enough to set up an ambush before they could spring theirs?! Attack him! Dont let him live! Merkall ordered in a panic, but it was already too late.
Dante roared, baring his fangs, and a shrill cacophony of high-pitched screeches filled the tunnels, accompanied by the thunderous flapping of wings.
Dozens of bats, camouflaged in the darkness, swooped in, their wings whipping the air and sending the sorcerers into a frenzy as they realized their fatal mistake.
The sorcerers began hurling fireballs, elemental spells, and gusts of wind to push the creatures back, but soon the dark cloud loomed above them.
Slaughter these damned rebel slaves! Ill promote anyone who brings me Merkalls head! Dante bellowed in rage.
To him, anyone who wasnt a pure vampire was nothing but filth.
He strongly agreed with the former Vampire King on that matter.
Wings shifted into arms with razor-sharp claws, transforming into soldiersmen and womenwho descended into the chaos, clashing with the sorcerers in a bloody battle.
Blood flowed into the slow-moving water, and the air was thick with the stench of death.
Magic against brute strength and speed.
In such a narrow and enclosed space, the vampires held the advantage.
---- As the chaos consumed the depths of the old aqueduct, Dante seized the opportunity to drag the tormented Celine down the tunnel she had pointed out.
###Chapter 252
---- NARRATOR While vampires and sorcerers fought to the death, the werewolves advanced through the forest until they reached the outskirts of the cemetery.
The clouds raced across the sky, blocking the moonlight, driven by the wind that violently shook the treetops; the damp scent lingered in the air.
In the distance, powerful lightning illuminated the night, and a dark storm loomed over the vampire prince's castle.
At any moment, torrential rain would pour down, as if it were a manifestation of his own feelings.
Zarek is enraged, Gabrielle announced.
She didnt need her eyes to sense it; his fury seemed to transcend all barriers.
Quinn, can you sense your sister? Aldric asked.
They had been advancing tirelessly all afternoon and night.
Tts confusing, but it feels like shes beneath us, maybe underground or something.
Ive tried reaching out to her wolf, but I can't connect.
Quinn frowned, deeply worried and, above all, struggling to believe that he had allowed Gabrielle to come along.
Of course, Valeria had stayed safely at the camp.
T have to try to talk to him.
Its crucial that he knows we re on his side...
No, Quinn caught Gabrielle's arm when she tried to step forward, away from the shelter of the trees.
Quinn, I already explained it to you.
You don't understandZarek is too ---- unpredictable! If something happens to your sister...
I don't even want to imagine what he'll do, Gabrielle squeezed his hand, and Quinn could feel the tremor in his mate.
T've already done something that will make him furious.
I left the contract in Kael's name, and he even threatened his mate inside the castle.
We have to let him know were here to help.
Tf that bastard hurts you Quinn couldn't bear the thought.
He wont.
Not so easily.
After all, Im a descendant of his family, Gabrielle chuckled without much humor.
The truth was, she wasnt entirely sure Zarek would let her go without snapping her neck.
That man was ruthless and cruel.
Everyone believed that Zarek had been imprisoned in the castle bya Selenia as punishment for his sins.
They had all been fools.
That man had allowed himself to be cursed.
He placed those powerful chains on himself, and if he hadnt broken free until now, it was simply because he didnt care about this world.
But with the appearance of his mate, everything had changed.
Gabrielle then stepped toward the rusted gates of the ancient cemetery, and Quinn took her hand, unwilling to let her go alone.
Prince Zarek, Iam here with support.
These are your mates people, this is her brother.
Weve come to help Celine, she said, bowing her head with a humility and respect she rarely showed in her life.
Suddenly, the cemetery gates creaked open with a spine-chilling groan, Gabrielle's dark hair swirling wildly in the wind, along with the branches of the old weeping willow that seemed to mourn in sorrow.
Quinn, no matter what happens, do not step into the cemetery...
###Chapter 253
---- No, do you think Ill just stand here if T will survive.
But dont provoke him, don't do it.
He wont harm me...
only because you're my mate and Celine wouldn't forgive him for hurting her brother and sister-in-law.
Gabrielle turned to him with a smile and then crossed the barrier into that mans domain.
She had barely taken a few steps when, suddenly, a whirlwind of fierce currents formed, lifting dirt and dead leaves into the air.
A roar echoed from the castle.
Quinn closed his eyes for a moment, running a hand over his face, and when he opened them again, his whole body tensed in shock and fury.
Gabrielle, his beloved mate, was levitating in the air, hands clawing at her throat as if she were suffocating strangled by an invisible force holding her captive.
Gabrielle! Dont...
come, she barely managed to whisper, and Quinn took a step forward, stopping at the edge of danger, swallowing his frustration at seeing his mate in peril.
Gabrielle, on the other hand, felt the air slipping away from her lungs.
It was like a hanging victim kicking at nothing, struggling to breathe.
JT must admit, youve got guts to show up before me, an ethereal and furious voice echoed in her mind.
In the sea of her consciousness, Gabrielle saw him advancing, emerging from the shadows of the cemetery with confident strides, his wild black hair and that murderous expression on his handsome face.
---- His dark noble attire was just like when he was prince of the castle in ancient times.
He never cared about being king; he was only the guardian of his sister Seleniaand even that was taken from him.
My lord, I...
Iwas betrayed too.
I never imagined...
How dare you put a serpent on the throne of the Selenias! He moved so quickly that she suddenly felt his grip around her throat, his long claws sinking into her skin, the scent of blood mingling with the storm.
Her blind eyes could not evade that blood-red gaze.
It was all happening in her mind, but Gabrielle knew very well she could actually die.
The throne was meant for my daughter Selenia...
I only...
left it for protection, to safeguard the crown for her...
You took advantage of my slumber to alter the contract.
Now that you have returned, he growled through clenched teeth.
T can't free myself because Im bound to you once again.
What should I do, Gabrielle? If I kill you here and now, I can break the chains binding me to the castle and find my mate myself.
###Chapter 254
---- NARRATOR Gabrielle started coughing loudly, feeling that Quinn wouldnt be able to hold back much longer and would rush in to rescue her at any moment.
She will never forgive you...
sir...
her brother...
hes my mate...
the man standing out there, she played the only card she thought could save her life.
She could only hope it would work.
Zarek stared at her for what felt like an eternity.
Suddenly, a deep, cynical laugh escaped his lips, sending an even greater chill down her spine; his sharp fangs gleamed with his murderous aura.
T'll give you one last chance because right now, I can't afford to divide my strength into so many parts.
But if you fail me again, Gabrielle, you know I have plenty of ways to kill you without her ever finding out, right? We will get her back, sir, she assured him, though not entirely convinced.
What else could she say? She collapsed onto the ground, coughing violently, feeling like her lungs would burst.
She had rarely found herself in such a weakened state.
Reporting to Zarek made her grit her teeth in frustration and humiliation.
Quinn couldnt hold back any longer and rushed to support her.
Everything's fine, love, I know what to do, Gabrielle clung to his chest while Quinn fumed, glaring toward a specific spot in the cemetery where ---- he felt a powerful presence watching them.
Powerful, Ancient, or whatever he was, that damn bloodsucker would regret it the moment Quinn faced him.
sek CELINE Celine moved through the tunnel, feeling increasingly uneasy.
Suddenly, her feet halted, and her eyes widened in fear.
She stood at the edge of a deep chasm, a deadly drop into nothingness.
How could they possibly cross to the other side now? The air felt heavy, ominous, and lethalshe knew neither magic nora vampires transformation could overcome this obstacle without the owner of the castles permission.
Call him, Celine.
Tell him you wish to enter his domain, Dantes voice carried excitement as he gazed at the far side of the chasm, where an enormous iron gate covered the rocky wallone that would undoubtedly open for this hybrid.
He could feel the overwhelming power waiting deep inside the castle, and he would do anything to claim it for himself.
Zarek, please, let me in.
I...
brought help to free you, Celine called out breathlessly, feeling a dull ache radiate through her chest; she couldn't think clearly.
She gazed at the insurmountable chasm and the barrier on the other side, but nothing happened.
Not like that, darling, Dantes low voice whispered in her ear as his
###Chapter 255
---- Another creak added to the eerie atmosphere as the gates on the far side creaked open, revealing only a thick fog swirling at the entrance, never crossing its boundaries.
Once we pass through that fog, we ll officially be inside the castle, my dear mate; youve done well, Dante smirked, patting Celines shoulder, his eyes gleaming with greed.
Who would have thought that, in the end, Merkalls little spell on the girl would benefit him so perfectly? Celine took the first step, clenching her fists tightly; the pull calling to her heart grew stronger and stronger.
Suddenly, an overwhelming urge to run into the fog and lose herself in Zareks domain consumed her.
However, she barely took two more steps before collapsing to the ground, sweating from the searing pain that wracked her mind.
Her brain was being controlled at full powershe couldn't move a single muscle, not until her "master" allowed it, and that master was near.
Merkall.
The dark mist beyond the gate swirled, stretching out like arms trying to reach her and drag her inside, but Dante wasnt stupidhe sensed something was very wrong with Celine.
He couldn't afford to let her enter the castle alone, or hed be finished.
Without hesitation, he grabbed her arms, ready to drag her toward the ominous dark fog.
---- hand trailed over her neck from behind.
Celines skin burned everywhere he touched, but not in a good way.
However, she couldnt resisther wolf lay exhausted under layers upon layers of restraining chains.
Remember, were here to deceive him.
That vile creature is cunning; you need to call him with love, pretend you believe you re his mate, seduce him so he let you in, he murmured like a lover.
Swallowing hard, Celine prepared to call out once more, this time from her heart.
My love, let me into the castle.
I want us to be together forever.
I want to free you; let me in, my prince Zarek.
With trembling thoughts, those were the hardest words she had ever spoken, each carrying the weight of betrayal like a dagger to the heart.
Tears began rolling down her cheeks, full of helplessness and sorrow.
Celine knew this man behind her didnt make her heart race like Zarek did; every touch of Dantes hands felt like poisonous ivy creeping over her body.
She fought against itof course, she didbut she couldn't wake up, no matter how hard she tried.
Suddenly, a thunderous noise shook every stone in the walls; the ceiling trembled as if it might collapse at any moment.
The sound of an old, rusted mechanism came to life.
Celine stepped back in shock as massive chains descended from above, reaching deep into the abyss like arms searching for something.
Soon, she realized what they were searching for.
Aheavy, moss-covered bridge rose slowly, suspended in the air by the chains, connecting the two sides.
###Chapter 256
---- NARRATOR As long as she remained his hostage, Zarek wouldnt attack.
After all, all these tricks to control the castle were the only thing he could actually dohe was still imprisoned in the most hidden and dangerous dungeon.
Out of nowhere, Dante's sensitive ears picked up the whistle of air and the murderous magic heading straight for him.
Every instinct screamed at him to drop to the ground, and he obeyed.
He threw himself onto the cold iron floor of the bridge, holding Celine tightly in his arms as she trembled, her teeth chattering, her eyes shut tight and brimming with moisture.
Tf you keep pushing her like this, you'll turn her into an idiot before you can even use her to blackmail Zarek, he said, standing up and leaving Celine leaning against a corner of the bridge, away from the dark shadows and close to him.
Td rather fry her brain than let you be the one to benefit from her, Merkall spat blood to the side, the scent of it thick in the air.
A lot of his people had to sacrifice themselves to create an opening for his escape.
That damn vampire! He had to end him here and now.
T think we both know that only one of us can rule, right? So, our rivalry ends herethe survivor will be the next to control the Dark Realm, Dante declared with a sinister smile.
He was done with this old fool.
---- Baring his fangs and extending his claws, he was ready to go all out.
Ina blur of movement, Dante was on top of Merkall.
But the sorcerer was no amateurhe was an experienced spellcaster.
Summoning a shield, Merkall deflected the vampire's claws, sparks flying in the air as they clashed, and so the deadly battle began.
Each attack was aimed to kill; Dante moved like the wind, striking with such precision that the warlock was left sweating, struggling to maintain his energy shield, which drained his magic rapidly.
Asudden roar erupted from Merkall, releasing a blast of fire from deep within his throat, forcing Dante to retreat, the hem of his coat catching fire.
The bridge trembled with the sharp clatter of chains swinging violently.
The walls echoed with hissing breaths, curses, and the pungent scent of blood filled the air.
Then, Merkall let his guard down for just amomentan opportunity Dante wouldnt waste.
He lunged, knocking the warlock to the ground and pressing both hands around his throat.
T think you're out of tricks.
You never win against a superior being like me, you pathetic spell-caster.
Just die already! Dante tightened his grip with cruel delight, his claws digging into Merkall's fragile flesh.
The warlocks eyes widened in terror.
Dante was so engrossed in his victory that he failed to notice the change in Merkalls expressionuntil it was too late.
T think...
I still have one trick up my sleeve, Merkall rasped with a
###Chapter 257
---- with a gust of wind and flinging him off the edge of the bridge like worthless trash.
Aguttural scream echoed through the abyss before silence took over.
Come on, my dear little puppet.
Its time to finish this...
---- bloody grin.
Alarms blared in Dantes mind, but before he could turn to defend himself, a sharp dagger pierced through his chest from behind.
His gaze dropped in disbelief to the blade protruding from his torso, his clothes rapidly staining red.
Before he could react, the dagger was yanked out roughly, ripping a guttural scream from him.
You...
you...
fucking bastard! He staggered forward, his crimson eyes locking onto Celine, who simply stared blankly, unaware of what she had just done.
Her trembling, blood-stained hand still clutched the poisoned weapon.
You forgot I still had a puppet at my disposal...
Merkall's ragged voice hissed in Dantes ear, foul breath brushing against his skin.
Dante clutched his chest, feeling life slipping away.
It couldnt end like thisso quickly, so easily.
He had only let his guard down for a second.
But in war, a second was all it took to die.
Thats why...
you lowered your guard...
Dante realized too late.
Did you think you were the only one who could lie and deceive? Thats always been your biggest mistake believing yourself to be the best, the superior being.
Tsk, tsk, you're nothing but an arrogant fool.
711 kill you, you and that bitch...
damn...
Dante staggered toward Merkall with his last ounce of strength, his bloodied hands reaching for the warlocks wounded neck, but Merkall only sneered.
You can try in the afterlife; in this one, Ive already screwed you over, Merkall laughed mercilessly, using his power to lift Dante into the air
###Chapter 258
---- NARRATOR "AAAHHH!" What's happening?!" "The ceiling is going to collapse!" "Everyone, get out! Get out of the aqueduct!" Screams echoed from all directions, whether they were vampires or sorcerersit didnt matter.
As the walls trembled and stones rained down from above, everyone scrambled desperately to find an exit.
Someone was shaking the very foundations of the old aqueduct from above.
In the midst of the darkness and the collapsing narrow tunnels, it didnt matter if they were friend or foe.
They trampled over each others heads, summoning their powers to escape the crushing death looming over them.
The shock was even greater when, upon reaching the streams exit, they were met by an army of Lycans waiting in the forest.
The survivors of the previous battle were exhausted and mostly wounded, while these elite werewolves stood at their peak, hungry for blood.
TEAR ALL THE REBELS APART!" The Lycan King's roar ignited the battlefield spirit.
---- Adeafening thunderclap struck from the sky.
The enormous and wild redhead led his men, shifting mid-stride into an indomitable, towering Lycan that sent fear piercing into the hearts of his enemies.
His dark fur was soon soaked in blood as bodies fell under his merciless claws and fangs.
Behind him, like a rabid pack, battle wolves lunged at the vampires and sorcerers.
Without a leader and driven only by the instinct to survive, they thought of nothing but escape.
Among the trees, hidden away, was Laila with her small escort.
Her father had left her safe at their camp, but a terrible feeling gnawed at her heart.
She arrived just in time to witness her people being slaughtered mercilessly by the ambushing werewolves.
"Laila, we have to leave before they find us," the crouching sorcerer beside her urged nervously, his eyes fixed on the bloodbath that could freeze the soul of even the bravest warrior.
"No, no, my father...
1 dont see him, but hes still aliveI can feel him in the castle.
He1l succeed...
he has that woman in his grasp..." Laila shook her head, gripping his trembling arm with fear, but she trusted her fatherhe was cunning and powerful; he wouldnt fail! The crack of a branch nearby signaled someone closing in on their location.
"So this is where Merkalls bastard daughter is hiding.
Thanks to your tricks, my people perished!"
###Chapter 259
---- Her frantic mind raced.
She might not have been strong, but she was clever.
She had harmed the princes betrothed, and if he had allowed her into his lands, it wouldnt be for anything good.
---- A group of wounded vampires in retreat had discovered them and lunged at the three spies.
They couldnt defeat the Lycan King, but they could take out some of their hatred on this wench and her men.
The fight broke out in that part of the forest; the two sorcerers faced off against the three injured vampires.
Even so, they couldnt defeat them easilyafter all, they were elite vampires.
Those bloodsuckers were possessed by vengeance and the burning need for retribution.
"Take Laila and go! Ill hold them off!" "Pm not leaving you, brother!" the other sorcerer shouted, raising an earthen shield from the ground that made the surrounding trees shake.
"RUN, LAILA, RUN!" he yelled at the stubborn woman, and they hadnt left her behind until now, still holding onto the hope that their leader would take control.
They didnt want to be branded traitors in case Merkall emerged victorious, but they wouldnt split upthey were brothers, and they wouldnt sacrifice themselves for this deceitful woman.
Laila finally bolted, running blindly, without direction.
Her magic wasnt strong; she was more of a healer, which gave her little advantage in battle.
Soon, amidst her desperate escape, she heard the savage growls of the wolves hunting down those fleeing through the forest.
They sought refuge in the darkness, taking to the skies, but no one could hide from the keen noses of the death wolves.
Lailas lungs were failing, and her legs constantly stumbled over roots ---- and the hem of her skirt.
Something was closing in on her; she could almost feel the bloody breath and open jaws ready to snap at her head.
The trees parted, and she saw a tall fence aheadshe didnt stop to think where it led.
She placed her hands on the rusted iron bars, covered in wilted flowers and dead vines, and climbed with her last ounce of strength.
Looking back in terror, she saw a colossal white Lycan emerge from the bushes, its murderous eyes locked onto her, and it roared, shaking even the fence as it bared its massive fangs, still dripping with blood.
That was enough for Laila to hurl herself over the fence, crashing to the ground with a painful cry.
Her leg was in bad shape, pierced by the sharp spike at the top of the fence.
She limped, fleeing into the cemetery, weaving between the ancient tombstones and gnarled trees.
Clutching her chest, gasping for air through her mouth, she dared to look back after a while and realizedno one was chasing her.
Before she could celebrate her escape, a deep sense of regret and fear filled her mind.
Why hadnt the Lycan pursued her? Then, Laila looked around; the moonlight couldnt pierce the dense clouds, and darkness closed in from all sides.
The hairs on her body stood on endshe was in the cemetery.
The old crosses and statues, with missing pieces, seemed to be mocking her with their hollow eyes.
"T have to get out of here...
no...
I wasnt supposed to be able to pass through the barrier..."
###Chapter 260
---- NARRATOR Clutching her chest, Laila forced her tired, wounded legs to keep moving.
Atrail of blood marked her path, but she didnt stopnot even to heal herself.
Shed rather face a Lycan and die quickly than stay here in this cursed place.
The mist began to rise between the graves as if it had a life of its own, swirling around her legs like ghostly hands trying to grab hold of her.
Laila ran, terrifiedshe had never felt such fear in her life.
As she passed under the weeping willow, its branches suddenly thrashed in the strong wind.
"Ahhh! Let me go! Let me go!" she screamed frantically as the green vines coiled around her neck, arms, and legs, strangling and restraining her.
She fought like a madwoman, yanking at the branches and clawing at the ones choking her neck, trying desperately to break free.
Her feet stumbled backward, wet hair clinging to her eyes, and she swore she saw shadows and red eyes in her blurred vision.
She pulled back with all her strength, thinking she had escapedonly to realize she hadnt.
"AAAHHH!" A piercing scream shattered the thunder-filled night as rain poured from the sky like a deluge, washing away the battlefield's blood.
Lailas body fell backward, vertigo rushing through her head before she crashed against a hard surface.
---- Her half-lidded eyes, blurred by the rain soaking her battered body, stared in disbelief at the sky.
It seemed so far away, framed within a triangle everything else was darkness and dirt.
She had fallen into an open grave.
Lailas heart pounded like a war drum.
BOOM, BOOM, BOOM! "Thave to get out of here...
I have to get up and get out of this nightmare!" Her strong spirit urged her to fight, and she tried to stand.
She would climb the meters-high dirt wall even if she had to leave her nails behind in the process.
But her determination was short-lived.
The scream of terror lodged in her throat when, from beneath her, through the wet earth, filthy, mud-covered arms shot up, covering her mouth and grabbing her throat.
Unable to defend herself, Laila could only watch in silent horror as more hands emerged from the bottom of the grave, dragging her into the earths depths.
She choked on her screams, thrashing and kicking wildly, staring at the sky with wide, red eyeseyes that were soon covered by dirt, stones, roots, and dead leaves, vanishing into the cemetery's depths.
She wouldnt die just yet, but she would soon wish she had.
She had made the mistake of messing with his woman, and she would pay dearly for it.
sek Beof heard the witchs scream from inside the cemetery as he retreated.
###Chapter 261
---- Celine finally reached the fog guarding the door and stood before it fora few seconds.
---- He shook his head.
That girl would have been better off if he had snapped her neck quickly; now, she would suffer a far worse death.
"Sir, the explosives on the aqueduct grounds have been detonated," one of his men reported.
"Good.
The rain will smother the gunpowder.
Keep hunting down any vermin trying to escape His Majestys perimeter.
Not a single one can survive!" Beof commanded ruthlessly, charging forward toward the main battlefield.
They had split into several strategic groups to crush the rebellion.
His section was going well, but the main fight was at the castle, where Quinn and Gabrielle had headed.
sek Gabrielle, why do you have to go to such a dangerous place? I can go alone to protect Celine! A powerful Lycan raced across the castle grounds under the heavy rain, shielding a woman in his arms.
Quinn, Zarek needs me to transfer ownership of the protection contract.
It seems he wants to give it to that man who has your sister under his spellsomething like that, he said.
He doesnt explain much.
What?! Hes going to hand over control of his power to that bastard...? I mean, shit...
it's to protect my sister, right? Quinn bit back his complaints, confused and deeply worried, his eyes locked on the drawbridge lowering ahead with a rattling of chains and ---- trembling wood over the deep moat.
It was clear Zarek wanted them inside the castle.
No, Quinn, you dont understand.
That contract has clauses, fine print.
That idiot sorcerer is walking right into his own death.
And honestly, I want to break my damn bond with Zarek.
After all, Ive come to terms with the fact that my daughter will never be the next Selenia Queen.
The laws of this world will change soon, and I believe the Dark Realms monarch will be someone else.
They fell into silence, moving swiftly under the torrential rain, crossing the moat at full speed and entering the castle's open gates.
There was no need to mention namesQuinn knew very well Gabrielle was talking about Celine.
But it didnt bring him relief; it only made him more anxious.
He had always been there to protect his little sister, and now she had such a powerful mate.
Was that good or bad for Celine? If he mistreated her, humiliated her for being a hybrid and nota pureblood vampire, it wouldnt matter if he had to dieQuinn would defend his little sister, the one he had raised like a father.
No idiot would make her suffer.
sek While chaos and battle raged outside the castle grounds, inside, everything was eerily silent.
Nota single sound echoed, not even a breath; the air was thick with tension, where even the faintest whisper could be heard clearly.
###Chapter 262
---- NARRATOR The darkness, swirling like dust carried by the wind, stretched out like a hand, gently caressing the tears on her cheek.
Come to me, love, dont be afraid.
Move forward, Celine, she thought she heard, and at last, she took the first step, then the second, and the thirdfinally stepping into the territory under the vampire prince's control.
Always clinging to her like a parasite, Merkall followed closely, ensuring his spell remained active within Celine at all times.
Zarek might be powerful, but he had seized his greatest weakness.
They walked down a narrow, dark hallway.
Celines vampiric eyes worked at their fullest capacity, scanning her surroundings.
She had killed her supposed mate with her own hands and hadnt cared in the slightest.
When the sorcerers command had invaded her mind, she simply couldnt resist it, just like when he told Dante he had to enter the castle alone.
It was as if she were screaming inside her own head, begging her body to respond, yet it only obeyed Merkalls commands.
No matter that she had finally realized she was being manipulatedshe couldnt break free.
At least, since she had passed through the dark mist, the tormenting pain in her mind and chest had vanished, leaving only confusion and exhaustion.
---- Her wolf now seemed to be dozing peacefully in the depths of her consciousness, as if recovering.
Celine didnt understand anything, just as she hadnt from the very beginning.
She walked like an automaton through the dark corridors, passing through vast rooms filled with dust and the scent of dampness, the furniture covered in sheets that had once been white.
It seemed like an abandoned wing of the castle.
Soon, they arrived at a massive door several meters tall, crafted from dark ebony and finely carved with flowers and vines across the wood.
It creaked open slowly, and Celine swallowed hard, her heart pounding wildly as that comforting scent filled her lungs.
She took a step forward, but a rough hand grabbed her arm.
Listen carefullyhow you behave in there will determine whether you live or die.
Remember, I can make your veins explode in a second, so dont even think about resisting, Merkall whispered to her.
Keep wha I gave you close, in case you need to use it.
He had already sensed changes in Celines mind, her resistance to breaking free.
The girl had a strong spiritfew even realized when he controlled them However, she could do nothing; he had full confidence in his most powerful spell.
Move, he pushed her forward, and they finally stepped into the enchanted chamber that housed the heart of the castle.
The candelabras lining the walls flickered to life one by one, nrooreccively illuminatine the maccive hall which ctnond in ctark
###Chapter 263
---- ways.
The damned sorcerer would have his mind and body torn apart, shredded in ways that would make him beg for death.
And the other, his beautiful prey who tempted him with her intoxicating scent, her presence, every inch of her delicious body...
she was the one he would savor the most.
He would devour her piece by piece, inch by inch.
Celine suddenly felt waves of heat flood through her core.
Prince Zarek, I command you to surrender control of the castle to me! Merkall found courage he didnt know he had, shouting as he pressed a dagger to Celines neck.
Even though his soul was already trembling before the presence of this ancient being, he still clung to the belief that this was just an illusion.
Zareks real body should still be chained deep within the dungeons...
right? Well, since you have my mate as your hostage, I have no choice but to comply with your wishes.
Gabrielle! Zareks implacable voice echoed through the hall.
From the entrance, the last Selenia Queen stepped forward.
With all the pieces gathered, the power of the vampire prince Zarek would soon change owners...
or perhaps...
rather, to an owner.
---- contrast to the decrepit rooms they had traversed.
Here, golden columns towered over a gleaming marble floor of pure white, matching the tall walls.
Such a grand and magnificent hall housed only one thingthe place where the infamous contract resided.
Awide marble staircase led to a hexagonal platform, where a column of silvery light stretched upward, touching the starry vaulted ceiling.
The dark, magical dome displayed twinkling constellations as if it were the real night sky.
For a brief moment, Merkall marveled at the sheer magic contained in this place.
His gaze wandered across the ceiling, which even seemed to shift, mimicking the heavens themselves.
However, Celines eyes were fixed on only one placeat the top of the marble stairs stood a man with his back turned.
Dressed in black with intricate gold embroidery adorning his princely garments, he slowly turned as if in slow motion, locking eyes with her with that same soul-consuming intensity that always made her tremble.
His furrowed brow and blood-red eyes darkened when he saw the man holding her arm.
Zarek had waited so long to have her within his domain; here, he was the master, and soon, he wouldn't be confined to just the castle.
But it wouldnt be that easy.
He was like a sleeping tiger who enjoyed toying with his prey before devouring it.
Those two intruderswho he now approached slowly, descending the stairswould be destroyed beneath his fangs, though in very different
###Chapter 264
---- NARRATOR As Gabrielles feet crossed the threshold of the door, her entire body underwent a profound transformation.
Her simple, mud-stained clothes morphed into an exquisite red gown, like the ones she used to wear when she was the sovereign and ruler of the throne.
Her long black hair cascaded down her back, gleaming, and the bandage on her beautiful face disappeared, revealing her expressive, stern blue eyes fixed firmly ahead.
She was the perfect image of her past self at its finest, and although Gabrielle knew it was all part of Zarek's illusion, she silently thanked him for the gesture.
When Celine saw Gabrielle, her thoughts immediately went to her brother; no matter how confused she was, she would never forget Quinn.
He's fine, don't worry, Gabrielle glanced at her for a brief second while passing by, managing to slip that message into her tormented mind.
Zarek hadnt allowed Quinn to advance beyond a certain point, and despite his frustration, he had no choice but to trust his mate.
Wait, you...
you werent dead? What kind of trick is this?! Merkall suddenly felt a very bad premonition, and Gabrielle looked at him like dead meat.
T came back from the dead just to hand over the castle contract to you, isnt that what the great sorcerer Merkall wants? she taunted with venom in her voice, glaring at him for all he had done to Celine.
---- Zarek, believe it or not, Ican end this woman in a second! The sorcerers hand clenched tightly around the frantic vein in Celines neck.
He put on a brave front, convinced he held all the power, but deep inside, every fiber of his being was trembling with fear.
He nearly soiled himself when, in less than a second, the prince was right on top of him.
Merkall tried to step back, but Zareks hand gripped his shirt, pulling him close.
Those ruby-red eyes seemed to freeze every drop of blood in his veins, and the prince's wild, unruly hair swayed with the rage boiling inside him.
Outside, the dangerous lightning flashes lit up the darkness, the violent wind threatened to uproot the trees, and the rain flooded the land of the night creatures.
T never said I wouldn't grant you control.
I'm doing everything you want, but I think we both know what will happen if a single hair on my mates head is harmed, his words dripped with venom, and Merkall struggled to keep his legs steady.
Come sign the damn contract and keep your shitty throne.
You have no idea how badly I want to tear you apart, so stop pushing your luck, pathetic sorcerer, Zarek was quickly losing patience.
His eyes flicked to Celines pale neck and then to her clouded, fear-filled gaze.
He turned and walked purposefully toward the pillar of radiant light.
all concerned parties must step forward! he commanded, and Gabrielle advanced toward the contract altar.
Merkall hesitated for a moment, his frantic eyes darting around, his
###Chapter 265
---- of the contract.
May the Moon Goddess grant us her permission and blessing! Gabrielle suddenly felt a knot in her chest begin to unravel.
Now raise your hand and recite the incantations glowing beneath your feet! ---- mind racing at full speed.
He knew Celine was important to the vampire prince, but was she truly so important that he would hand over his power to the Selenia and give it all up? And Gabriellewhy was she so willing to relinquish power if she still held control over Zarek? Her unexpected presence disrupted his plans, filling him with doubts and uncertainties.
Could Zarek be planning something in secret? That vampire was like a double-edged sword.
Merkall had hoped to use Celines life to control him indefinitely through the contract, but something told him that wouldnt be possible.
His plans shifted in his mindhe was already here and couldnt turn back even if he wanted to.
So, he ordered Celine to keep the dagger pressed against her neck and finally stepped forward, ascending the wide staircase where everything would be decided.
stand over there, Gabrielle instructed, and Merkall began to examine the runes inscribed on the floor within massive circles surrounding the central magic.
It appeared to be a powerful transfer spell.
He took his place on the opposite side, facing Gabrielle, and finally, it was time for Zarek to assume his position.
He walked confidently, step by step, toward the very magic of the Goddess that had imprisoned him centuries ago by his own will.
The silver flashes began to envelop his body, lifting him into the air, his ---- entire transparent form glowing with his arms spread wide and his eyes shut.
His wild hair whipped around him as his garments disintegrated, revealing his bare skin wrapped in thick chains.
The end of the chain whipped through the air, and Gabrielle extended her hand, catching it and wrapping it around her wrist, then began reciting the ancient enchantments passed down from Selenia to Selenia.
Her raspy voice echoed through every inch of the palace, from the tallest tower to the deepest dungeon where the true body of a man, chained to the wall, awaited his final release.
Celine's hand trembled as she held the dagger to her own throat.
Her wide eyes never left the man suspended in the air, hidden beneath layers of magic and restraints.
So many emotions overwhelmed her, choking her, and she fought like a rabid she-wolf to break free, but she nevernot oncethought to awaken her vampire side, the other half of her power.
She had always relied on her Alpha wolf, who now refused to respond.
The walls and ceiling trembled, shadows stretched and began to dance, linked together like summoned spirits.
It seemed that every brick and stone, every chandelier, every grain of soil in the castle was quaking and reshaping itself.
T, Selenia Gabrielle Von Carstein, renounce the contract that binds me to the Dark Prince Zarek Vlad in the name of...
pronounce your name! she shouted at Merkall, who, euphoric, began to declare his identity.
His astonished eyes watched thousands of runes, like floating words, swirling around Zarek's body, merging with the beams of lightthe laws
###Chapter 266
---- NARRATOR As Merkall stretched out his arm and began to read the runes beneath him, his knowledge as a sorcerer came into play.
Suddenly, as the words fell from his lips, the chains wrapped around Zareks body began to move like venomous serpents, slithering across the spirit of his form.
The bindings slipped from Gabrielles hand and began to glow, coiling tightly around Merkalls extended wrist.
He felt like the king of the universe.
Every vein in his body pulsed with ecstasy, and adrenaline surged through him, fueling his desires and delight.
Oh, yes...
fuck, he nearly had an orgasm, closing his eyes in sheer pleasure as he seized control of that ancient and powerful magicchains forged by the Goddess herself to bind such a dangerous and untamable being.
When Merkall opened his eyes, breathing heavily with sparks still flickering in his pupils, his new servant stood before him.
Show me your army, Zarek.
Show me why you were so feared! he commanded arrogantly.
Now he was the master and ruler of everything herehe could feel it, every nail and plank, every door and window in the castle, all under his command.
As you command, master, Zarek replied, barely concealing the mocking smile tugging at the corner of his cruel lips.
---- He walked toward the wide balcony, Merkall following close behind.
Gabrielle watched the back of that foolish sorcerer.
She didnt know what Zarek was planning, but it wouldnt be anything pleasanthe was a sadistic bloodthirsty monster.
Her gaze shifted to Celine, who still stood frozen, as if spellbound.
Why did she still seem to be under Merkalls control? Gabrielle remained silent, protecting her as she had promised Quinn, not wanting to interfere with the princes plans.
She knew the safest person in this castle right now was Celine herself.
As Merkall rubbed his hands in anticipation, eager to witness the greatest manifestation of Zareks powerthe army that had once ravaged the land, an army he sought to controlsomething stirred deep within the castle.
Blood-red eyes snapped open in the darkness of the dungeon, and the chains wrapped around his body began to glow intensely.
A burst of energy illuminated the deep cell.
Zareks deadly fangs gleamed in the darkness as he stretched his hands and lazily rubbed his neck.
The sharp clatter of chains hitting the floor echoed through the space.
The curse of that damn Goddess no longer existedhe had dismissed it.
His pact with her was to protect the Selenias; he had no obligation to lend his power to anyone else.
Even the Selenias had to ask for his help politely; they were never his owners, and he certainly wouldnt bow to this pathetic sorcerer who had just signed his own death contract.
###Chapter 267
---- Kael had only taken possession of part of the castle and the throne because Zarek had been asleep, indifferent to this world, to Gabrielles dealings.
But now, everything had changed.
However, Zarek was in no rush.
He leaned back against the wall, waiting patiently while his spiritual projection toyed with that fool of a magician.
Zarek wanted her to come and rescue him.
He smiled in the darkness, the tip of his tongue caressing his sharp fangs.
She would come for him willinglysoon.
sek Standing under the balcony roof, Merkall watched as the torrential rain lashed the kingdoms lands, but neither the thunder nor the storm frightened him; nothing could challenge him now.
When Zarek stepped onto the stone balustrade and his voice resonated in an ancient language, amplified and resounding across the Cemetery grounds like a general summoning his troops to battle, Merkall stepped closer, knowing he was about to witness something extraordinary.
The earth trembled, a dense black mist covering the crosses and crypts, rolling across the withered terrain, blanketing it entirely.
The world shifted in an instant as the bodies of soldiers began to rise from their graves.
Growls, hisses, and maniacal laughter echoed within the dark mist, a haunting melody whispering through the air as more and more figures ---- awoke.
Centuries had passed, waiting for their masters call.
The first foot emerged from the fog, followed by the entire figure of a powerful vampire.
Merkall had expected to see a horde of ragged undead.
He had always been fascinated by necromancy and had experimented on a few corpses, but he never imagined these men and women emerging from the darkness would look so...
alive.
And yet, as they all raised their heads to look at him, his soul nearly froze in his chest.
Their eyes gave them awayvoid of irises, just deep black hollows in their facesand the eerie grins they wore sent chills down his spine.
Tell them I am their new King! That they will obey only me! he commanded Zarek, tightening his grip on the contracts power.
The prince calmly stepped down from the balustrade and made a gesture with his hand.
The rain began to subside over the castle, and below, all the twisted sounds fell silent at once.
"My dear brothers-in-arms, as you've already heard, theres anew master in the castle, so I think its time to show him our respect and welcome him properly!" Zarek announced, the Machiavellian smile on his handsome face becoming harder to conceal.
"Bring in our newest acquisition!" he roared, and Merkall felt a terrible premonition creep up his spine.
He glanced back at Celine and gave her secret orders.
---- "Look, sir, our new recruit is eager to present you with his offering." "T don't know what you're planning, but you're going to regret it if...
LAILA!" Merkall leaned dangerously over the edge of the balcony, staring in horror at his daughters terrified face as she stumbled forward, the ranks of the undead parting for her passage.
She couldnt speak; her mouth was sewn shut, tears streaming endlessly from her swollen, red eyes.
Her entire body was covered in filth, her hair a tangled mess, and her arms were held tightly behind her back by none other than Dante, the former vampire leader of the rebellion.
"I thought, since you enjoy playing with puppets so much, you'd appreciate this little performance.
Shall I start the show for you?" Zarek spoke beside him with malice, his cruel expression igniting both fear and fury in Merkall.
"Give me back my daughter, you monster! Ill destroy you! I want you to burn along with this damned castle, to ashes, to the ground!" Merkall bellowed, summoning his magic and attempting to tighten the contract chains around Zarek.
The prince, visibly bored, simply flicked his hand, and the silver chains crashed to the floor, corroding and disintegrating into nothing.
"No, no! I signed the contract! I am the master! No matter how powerful you are, you cant defy the power of the Goddes: stumbling backward in sheer panic, frantically invoking his magic, which "he screamed, rebounded off Zarek's body without leaving a single mark.
In the blink of an eye, he found himself being lifted into the air, Zareks hand wrapped tightly around his throat.
###Chapter 268
---- NARRATOR "How do you sign a deal you can't even read, you idiot? Are youa Selenia, a descendant of my royal bloodline?" Zarek mocked him, tightening his grip around Merkall's throat, the blood already seeping down his strong arm and dripping onto the floor.
"What a shame you can't kill me and truly claim ownership of the castle and the army.
Tsk, tsk...
Should I have your daughter executed by the very man who was once your enemy?" "T dont think so..." Merkall suddenly laughed, while behind Zarek, two hands rose, clutching a sharp dagger ready to strike.
Merkall was hurled forcefully into a corner of the balcony, and below, the excited commotion of the undead creatures grew louder once more.
Zarek turned swiftly, and the daggers tip landed right against his heart, just above his shirt.
"Tell me, Celine, what choice will you make? Will you kill me, or will you finally accept me as your mate in your heart?" His voice was cold, harsher than ever before.
Celines trembling hands gripped the daggers hilt tightly, every fiber of her being screaming in resistance.
She bit her lips until they bled, and tears rolled down her cheeks; the internal battle raging within her was undeniable.
"KILL HIM! I COMMAND YOU, YOU DAMN HYBRID! FINISH OFF THAT BASTARD!" ---- Merkall screamed, consumed by hatred and fury at having been deceived and outplayed.
He had to regain control somehowwithout the puppeteer, the puppets would fall, and those monsters wouldn't be able to harm his daughter.
"Stop me...
Ibeg you, stop me!" Celine could barely hold back the compulsion surging in her mind.
She fought against it as the dagger's tip pressed into Zareks skin, and yet he merely watched her, making no move to defend himself.
"ZAREK, DO SOMETHING, DAMN IT!" "Do it yourself! Stop repressing yourself, Celine.
No one is imprisoning your will here; you're the one keeping your powers locked away.
Let them out! Let my other mate come forth!" Zarek's voice roared through the chamber, and for amoment, time seemed to stand still.
Celine made the terrifying decision to break through the thorny barrier of pain and roses within the depths of her mind.
She had met her wolf at eighteen, but this other being had always been thereprotecting her, watching over herbut she had hated it.
She loathed it because it was a reminder of the bastard father who had cursed her with this bloodline.
Behind that wall of pain, which she had built herself, was the other half of her soulthe powerful being that had longed to be set free.
She and her wolf had repressed it mercilessly.
"AAAHHHH!"" Her scream tore through the air as the barriers shattered, her mind
###Chapter 269
---- spot.
As his body was seized and swallowed into the depths of the earth, becoming a part of the very castle itself, Merkall still couldn't grasp the truthno one fully owns their fate, and he had merely done what was always destined.
sek Camilla raced through the labyrinthine corridors of the castle, the sound of her boots echoing off the ancient stone walls.
She knew the way through Celines memories, and the pull of her beloved's blood called to her soul.
Her heart recognized him as her mate; she would never be confused like Celinethis was her man.
She arrived in front of the heavy wooden door and shoved it open without hesitation.
Her crimson pupils narrowed as she saw her prince, clad in tattered rags hanging from his hips, sitting on the floor with his arms resting over his bent knees.
Suddenly, he lifted his head, his dark hair falling over his shoulders, and gazed at her through the darknessfull of love.
She was his light, the brightest and most beautiful thing in his world.
"T've been waiting for you, my love...
I've been waiting for you for far too many centuries."" ---- breaking apart and rebuilding itselfstronger, sharper, crueler, and more resolute.
Zareks eyes gleamed with satisfaction, sensing the change in his mates aura.
The wild essence of roses that had always driven him mad now turned bloodier and more primal, sending shivers of anticipation through him.
Celine's hair lengthened, streaked with golden highlights like the sun.
Her canines sharpened into deadly fangs, grazing against her parted crimson lips, and her pupils glowed crimson at last.
"Camilla," Zarek rumbled, calling out the name of his vampiric mate.
She had whispered it to him once in secret, through the bars of his prison, without Celines knowledge.
The enchanting embodiment of Celine's vampire half smiled seductively, bringing the dagger's tip to her lips and licking the blood from her mates chest.
Zarek gazed at her, entranced, the fire of desire roaring in his veins as he leaned forward and pressed a soft kiss to the back of her hand, like a devoted servant.
When he straightened, Camillas predatory gaze locked onto the rat cowering in the corner.
"Hes a gift for you, my love," Zarek said sinisterly.
In an instant, Merkall saw the shadow of death closing in on him.
He couldnt even track her movement with his eyes.
The woman he thought he controlled lowered the dagger, leaning over him without mercy, and began driving it into his flesh again and again.
---- In Zarek's domain, he no longer controlled Celineshe had been a prisoner of her own fears and demons.
Blood splattered onto the stone, and Merkall's agonized screams echoed through the cemetery grounds, driving the creatures below into a frenzy.
He struggled one last time to summon his magic, to activate his teleportation artifact, but nothing worked; he was completely blocked.
Through his agony, he could only watch in horror as the murderous woman above him, seemingly someone else entirely, reveled in his blood, mutilating him piece by piece.
Suddenly, a pair of hands wrapped around Camillas bloodied ones, anda strong body loomed over her, whispering into her ear.
"Not the heart, my love, not yet.
That would be too easy for this bastard who tortured our Celine.
Leave him to me.
Later, Ill show you a puppet show you'll love." Merkalls terrified eyes darted between the two of them, watching in horror as they calmly plotted his torture like they were discussing the weather, smiling at each other, full of wicked delight.
They were monsters, abominationsand he finally realized he had willingly walked into their lair.
That's why the Goddess had imprisoned him, and he had been such a fool to think he could control the uncontrollable.
As his body was hurled through the air toward the pack waiting below, tears of blood streamed from Merkalls eyes.
Perhaps that prophecy had been meant to save his life, warning him that if he ever found the woman with the crimson seed on the inside of her thigh, he should either flee a thousand leagues away or kill her on the
###Chapter 270
---- NARRATOR "How do you sign a deal you can't even read, you idiot? Are youa Selenia, a descendant of my royal bloodline?" Zarek mocked him, tightening his grip around Merkall's throat, the blood already seeping down his strong arm and dripping onto the floor.
"What a shame you can't kill me and truly claim ownership of the castle and the army.
Tsk, tsk...
Should I have your daughter executed by the very man who was once your enemy?" "T dont think so..." Merkall suddenly laughed, while behind Zarek, two hands rose, clutching a sharp dagger ready to strike.
Merkall was hurled forcefully into a corner of the balcony, and below, the excited commotion of the undead creatures grew louder once more.
Zarek turned swiftly, and the daggers tip landed right against his heart, just above his shirt.
Tell me, Celine, what choice will you make? Will you kill me, or will you finally accept me as your mate in your heart?" His voice was cold, harsher than ever before.
Celines trembling hands gripped the daggers hilt tightly, every fiber of her being screaming in resistance.
She bit her lips until they bled, and tears rolled down her cheeks; the internal battle raging within her was undeniable.
"KILL HIM! I COMMAND YOU, YOU DAMN HYBRID! FINISH OFF THAT BASTARD!" ---- Merkall screamed, consumed by hatred and fury at having been deceived and outplayed.
He had to regain control somehowwithout the puppeteer, the puppets would fall, and those monsters wouldn't be able to harm his daughter.
"Stop me...
Ibeg you, stop me!" Celine could barely hold back the compulsion surging in her mind.
She fought against it as the dagger's tip pressed into Zareks skin, and yet he merely watched her, making no move to defend himself.
"ZAREK, DO SOMETHING, DAMN IT!" "Do it yourself! Stop repressing yourself, Celine.
No one is imprisoning your will here; you're the one keeping your powers locked away.
Let them out! Let my other mate come forth!" Zarek's voice roared through the chamber, and for amoment, time seemed to stand still.
Celine made the terrifying decision to break through the thorny barrier of pain and roses within the depths of her mind.
She had met her wolf at eighteen, but this other being had always been thereprotecting her, watching over herbut she had hated it.
She loathed it because it was a reminder of the bastard father who had cursed her with this bloodline.
Behind that wall of pain, which she had built herself, was the other half of her soulthe powerful being that had longed to be set free.
She and her wolf had repressed it mercilessly.
"AAAHHHH!"" Her scream tore through the air as the barriers shattered, her mind
###Chapter 271
---- spot.
As his body was seized and swallowed into the depths of the earth, becoming a part of the very castle itself, Merkall still couldn't grasp the truthno one fully owns their fate, and he had merely done what was always destined.
sek Camilla raced through the labyrinthine corridors of the castle, the sound of her boots echoing off the ancient stone walls.
She knew the way through Celines memories, and the pull of her beloved's blood called to her soul.
Her heart recognized him as her mate; she would never be confused like Celinethis was her man.
She arrived in front of the heavy wooden door and shoved it open without hesitation.
Her crimson pupils narrowed as she saw her prince, clad in tattered rags hanging from his hips, sitting on the floor with his arms resting over his bent knees.
Suddenly, he lifted his head, his dark hair falling over his shoulders, and gazed at her through the darknessfull of love.
She was his light, the brightest and most beautiful thing in his world.
"T've been waiting for you, my love...
I've been waiting for you for far too many centuries."" ---- breaking apart and rebuilding itselfstronger, sharper, crueler, and more resolute.
Zareks eyes gleamed with satisfaction, sensing the change in his mates aura.
The wild essence of roses that had always driven him mad now turned bloodier and more primal, sending shivers of anticipation through him.
Celine's hair lengthened, streaked with golden highlights like the sun.
Her canines sharpened into deadly fangs, grazing against her parted crimson lips, and her pupils glowed crimson at last.
"Camilla," Zarek rumbled, calling out the name of his vampiric mate.
She had whispered it to him once in secret, through the bars of his prison, without Celines knowledge.
The enchanting embodiment of Celine's vampire half smiled seductively, bringing the dagger's tip to her lips and licking the blood from her mates chest.
Zarek gazed at her, entranced, the fire of desire roaring in his veins as he leaned forward and pressed a soft kiss to the back of her hand, like a devoted servant.
When he straightened, Camillas predatory gaze locked onto the rat cowering in the corner.
"Hes a gift for you, my love," Zarek said sinisterly.
In an instant, Merkall saw the shadow of death closing in on him.
He couldnt even track her movement with his eyes.
The woman he thought he controlled lowered the dagger, leaning over him without mercy, and began driving it into his flesh again and again.
---- In Zarek's domain, he no longer controlled Celineshe had been a prisoner of her own fears and demons.
Blood splattered onto the stone, and Merkall's agonized screams echoed through the cemetery grounds, driving the creatures below into a frenzy.
He struggled one last time to summon his magic, to activate his teleportation artifact, but nothing worked; he was completely blocked.
Through his agony, he could only watch in horror as the murderous woman above him, seemingly someone else entirely, reveled in his blood, mutilating him piece by piece.
Suddenly, a pair of hands wrapped around Camillas bloodied ones, anda strong body loomed over her, whispering into her ear.
"Not the heart, my love, not yet.
That would be too easy for this bastard who tortured our Celine.
Leave him to me.
Later, Ill show you a puppet show you'll love." Merkalls terrified eyes darted between the two of them, watching in horror as they calmly plotted his torture like they were discussing the weather, smiling at each other, full of wicked delight.
They were monsters, abominationsand he finally realized he had willingly walked into their lair.
That's why the Goddess had imprisoned him, and he had been such a fool to think he could control the uncontrollable.
As his body was hurled through the air toward the pack waiting below, tears of blood streamed from Merkalls eyes.
Perhaps that prophecy had been meant to save his life, warning him that if he ever found the woman with the crimson seed on the inside of her thigh, he should either flee a thousand leagues away or kill her on the
###Chapter 272
---- FLASHBACK FROM ZAREK'S PAST ZAREK: "Please, tell me you didnt poop again," I look into her bright little eyes, and all that comes out of her tiny mouth are bubbles of saliva.
I lift her into my arms and cautiously sniff her diaper.
"Phew, I thought it was my turn again.
Hold it in until your dad gets here, okay? Your uncle only likes you when you smell like a clean little baby," I cradle her in my arms and start pacing with her.
Ican't help but smile; she's so adorable and reminds me so much of my sister when she was little.
"Dad has to deal with the poop, the sleepless nights, and in the future, fighting off suitors," Roger walks into the room, huffing, and I hand him his little daughter.
"Well, mom had to carry her for nine months and give birth to her.
Isn't that enough?" "Yeah, sure, always defending your sister.
Shes not as saintly as you think, she..." "AAAAHHH!" Suddenly, a scream cuts through our conversation, and I rush to the adjoining room; that scream was my sisters.
"Alana!" I burst into the room to find her crying, her terrified eyes locking onto mine.
I feel my heart freeze in my chest.
No...
this feels like déja vu, just like ---- years ago when I found my mother waking up from 'the call." "Alana, calm down, take it easy, little sister," I sit on the bed and hold her as her trembling hands clutch my arms tightly.
Her entire being is terrified, and Im even more so because I know exactly what this means.
"I...
[saw it, brother.
I saw all the chaos, the prison door...
it wont hold.
Moms power wasnt enough," her frantic eyes, the same color as my mother Selenias, look straight into mine.
"The Goddess called me.
She needs my help." "NO!" Lyell, startling her, shaking my head vehemently.
"But, baby...
your mother was called too.
How is this happening so soon?! "her mate rushes into the room, his face filled with desperation.
He runs to Alana, throwing himself onto the bed to hold her as she breaks down in sobs.
I get up and stand in a corner, clenching my fists and grinding my teeth so hard I feel them crack.
I think I might go insane with rage.
I storm outside onto the balcony, facing the full moon in the sky.
What do you want from us?! When will you stop tearing my family apart? How much longer do we have to pay for you creating us, damn you! " T scream at the Goddess, filled with resentment, while the wails of a baby echo through the night.
Icollapse to my knees, unable to help it, powerless and consumed by rage, just like when my mother left a little girl in my carethe next Selenia for the throne.
She sacrificed herself to maintain peace in this land.
###Chapter 273
---- Every single woman and man being forced here were elemental beings.
---- My father died the moment my mother immolated herself.
They had made a life-or-death vow, inseparable mates, and I was left alone with all the burden.
I fought tooth and nail against my ambitious relatives, powerful vampires and sorcerers who wanted to control my little sisters mind the Queen.
Iwas young and inexperienced too, and I had to do so many terrible things, make so many sacrifices, just to keep Alana safe from those ancient monsters.
Thad to become worse than them, and now...
now it's happening all over again.
I was sick of it.
Why did only the Selenias have to fix the mistakes of that damn Goddess? Tendured what happened with my mother, but I couldn't let Alana sacrifice herself too.
"Zarek, where are you going?! Wait, don't do anything stupid!" m going to fix this once and for all! Isn't the Specter King the problem? Then we! kill him and end it!" I shook off my sisters frantic grip, pushing her into her mates arms.
"Dont let her go to the call, Roger, dont let her! Ill fix this mess!" And I meant it, no matter what.
But as powerful as I had become, I wasnt stupid.
Neither I nor the loyal army I had built to protect the castle and the throne were enough.
I descended into the secret passage and activated the portal to the land of the lycans.
---- Alana was the Queen of all lands, all races united under one rule, but the lycans always preferred to remain separate.
Viktor was their leader, and we were good friends.
He always had my back, protecting Alana and keeping the other races in check.
Tactivated the portal I hadn't used in a long time, not even bothering to announce my arrival, and rushed through the dark corridors to the throne room.
However, before I reached it, the scent of sex, blood, and lust assaulted my nose.
When I pushed open the heavy wooden doors, I froze in the doorway.
None of them noticed my presence; how could they when they were so lost in their orgy? Naked bodies writhed in every corner of the roomon tables and chairs, scattered with remnants of food and spilled wine goblets.
The growls and cries, the moans and pleas, the sobs drilled into my ears as Imade my way to the back, where the stairs led to Viktors throne.
I wasnt innocent.
I wasnt shocked by the fact that they were fucking like animals; I had been part of orgies myself, lost in nights of sex with multiple women.
But the problem wasnt what they were doingit was who they were doing it with.
I looked toward the sturdy chair, where a blonde elemental woman was being ravaged savagely by Viktor.
She clung to the backrest, crying and pleading, while he pounded into her from behind like a beast consumed by lust.
###Chapter 274
---- ZAREK That's what we call the original inhabitants of these landssimple creatures with no powers, no superhuman strength, no long fangs or sharp claws, no magic.
Yet, they possessed something that all the races coveted.
They gave birth to pure descendants of the speciesvampires, sorcerers, lycans.
They were like blank books where the genes to expand the races could be written, without the need to breed within families or with other supernatural species.
In the end, all of us originated from an Elemental.
"VIKTOR!" I roared, unable to believe that the man who had spoken with me countless times about protecting these endangered beings was now committing such an atrocity.
"Y-Your Highness Zarek, what...
what are you doing here?" he turned around, shocked, pulling out of the woman who collapsed almost lifeless onto the chair.
"'So this is why you asked me for these secluded lands?" I started laughing, void of any humor.
The entire hall fell silent, with only ragged breathing and muffled sobs filling the air.
"This was the reason you were on my side, why you fought against vampires and sorcerers.
It wasnt to protect them, it was to claim a bigger share of the spoils," I finally understood his true intentions, how he had ---- lied and manipulated me.
"Prince, you must understand, it is difficult for lycans to reproduce.
If we mate with vampires or sorcerers, weaker hybrids are born, or pure beings of their races.
A lycan is rarely born!" he explained, trying to justify the rape as something reasonable.
"Not everyone has the privilege you do, being born from the union of a powerful Selenia and one of the first vampires, an Ancient.
I have to look out for my race!" "Since when do men give birth to pups?" I pointed at the elemental men trembling in a corner, who were also being forced by other lycan males in the room.
"I'm not against expanding the races with elementals, but only if they agreenever by force!" "T will fix that; I will punish the males who mated with the men.
Dont worry..." "Oh, there will be punishment, Viktor.
I came here counting on you, but Ive changed my mind.
Everything in this land is rotten to the core.
I think it's time to return it to its rightful owners.
LEAVE!" I roared at the elementals, who looked at me with a mix of desperation and hope.
Viktor's shadow loomed over me.
"I'm sorry, Your Highness, but I can't let you do that," he openly challenged me, signaling to the more than fifty lycans present.
"T didnt expect you to.
Dont get it twisted, Viktorroyalty here is me, and I dont ask permission from anyone.
You're beneath my feet!" Without a second thought, I lunged at him, his roar shaking the castle they had built by Black Lake.
###Chapter 275
---- I tried to attack her, to make her leave Alanas body, but obviously, I was no match for her.
With just a flick of her finger, I was left floating in the air, powerless, my mouth completely sealed, forced to listen.
Never has a child been so disrespectful," her ethereal voice echoed within the four walls, cracking the stones.
Outside, the night plunged into total darkness.
Did you enjoy slaughtering your brothers?" ---- when I reached the castle, ready to march to the lands of Umbros, something happened that changed everything.
The doors were wide open, corpses scattered everywhere, and I rushed to my sister's chambers and the baby's.
Thad left the castle unprotected, thinking no one would dare attack it, believing Alana would keep it safeshe was a powerful Selenia.
But once again, I was wrong.
"ROGER!" I ran to him when I saw him in the hallway, clutching a deep wound in his side, trying desperately to get up.
"Zarek...
no, no, leave me...
go to the room...
save her...
they attacked while you were gone, we let our guard down for just a second anda sorcerer...
a sorcerer attacked...
the baby..." What are you talking about? Where is my sister?" "Save her, damn it, it doesnt matter how...
save the baby!" he grabbed my arm, digging his vampire claws into my skin, tears of blood streaming down his face.
Ilet him go, and he collapsed to the ground.
I kicked the door that was locked from the inside and stormed in like a tempest to find my sister staring at something inside the babys crib.
"Alana! What happened here? Roger told me the baby...! Alana?" She turned around in slow motion, her eyes void of irises, completely white, and I knew at that moment it wasnt my sister anymore.
That powerful presence radiating a holy silver lightit was none other than that damn bitch.
"YOU!" ---- Thats how my slaughter began.
I summoned every power I inherited from my mother, Selenia.
Her sorcery was the strongest aspect that developed within me, andI inherited her formidable magic.
That day, my invincible warriors emerged from the darkness, splitting the floors and walls apart.
How do you kill what is already dead? I razed the lycan palace and walked out with Viktors head in my hands, blood dripping from it.
Iset out to recruit all the survivors for the war against Umbros.
All the races were summoned, and every single one of them refused, calling me insane and reckless, saying thats what Selenia Alana was for, and that she even left a daughter as a backup.
They were the most blessed, the most powerful, so they had to sacrifice themselves for the greater good.
Since everyone was selfish, only caring about their own race, all focused on capturing the elementals, no one remembered the horror of the spectersbecause thats what the sacrificial lambs were for.
I decided to be the most selfish of them all.
Tonly cared about my own family.
Imassacred, slaughtered, and killed until my face, my hands, my entire body was stained with blood, and the earth darkened, soaking up the life and corpses I left in my wake.
Irode my horse like a harbinger of death, with my army growing larger and larger as casualties mounted in battle.
If they wouldnt help me alive, I would force them from their graves.
But
###Chapter 276
---- ZAREK That's what we call the original inhabitants of these landssimple creatures with no powers, no superhuman strength, no long fangs or sharp claws, no magic.
Yet, they possessed something that all the races coveted.
They gave birth to pure descendants of the speciesvampires, sorcerers, lycans.
They were like blank books where the genes to expand the races could be written, without the need to breed within families or with other supernatural species.
In the end, all of us originated from an Elemental.
"VIKTOR!" I roared, unable to believe that the man who had spoken with me countless times about protecting these endangered beings was now committing such an atrocity.
"Y-Your Highness Zarek, what...
what are you doing here?" he turned around, shocked, pulling out of the woman who collapsed almost lifeless onto the chair.
"'So this is why you asked me for these secluded lands?" I started laughing, void of any humor.
The entire hall fell silent, with only ragged breathing and muffled sobs filling the air.
"This was the reason you were on my side, why you fought against vampires and sorcerers.
It wasnt to protect them, it was to claim a bigger share of the spoils," I finally understood his true intentions, how he had ---- lied and manipulated me.
"Prince, you must understand, it is difficult for lycans to reproduce.
If we mate with vampires or sorcerers, weaker hybrids are born, or pure beings of their races.
A lycan is rarely born!" he explained, trying to justify the rape as something reasonable.
"Not everyone has the privilege you do, being born from the union of a powerful Selenia and one of the first vampires, an Ancient.
I have to look out for my race!" "Since when do men give birth to pups?" I pointed at the elemental men trembling in a corner, who were also being forced by other lycan males in the room.
"I'm not against expanding the races with elementals, but only if they agreenever by force!" "T will fix that; I will punish the males who mated with the men.
Dont worty.
"Oh, there will be punishment, Viktor.
I came here counting on you, but Ive changed my mind.
Everything in this land is rotten to the core.
I think it's time to return it to its rightful owners.
LEAVE!" I roared at the elementals, who looked at me with a mix of desperation and hope.
Viktor's shadow loomed over me.
"I'm sorry, Your Highness, but I can't let you do that," he openly challenged me, signaling to the more than fifty lycans present.
"T didnt expect you to.
Dont get it twisted, Viktorroyalty here is me, and I dont ask permission from anyone.
You're beneath my feet!" Without a second thought, I lunged at him, his roar shaking the castle they had built by Black Lake.
###Chapter 277
---- I tried to attack her, to make her leave Alanas body, but obviously, I was no match for her.
With just a flick of her finger, I was left floating in the air, powerless, my mouth completely sealed, forced to listen.
"Never has a child been so disrespectful," her ethereal voice echoed within the four walls, cracking the stones.
Outside, the night plunged into total darkness.
"Did you enjoy slaughtering your brothers?" ---- when I reached the castle, ready to march to the lands of Umbros, something happened that changed everything.
The doors were wide open, corpses scattered everywhere, and I rushed to my sister's chambers and the baby's.
Thad left the castle unprotected, thinking no one would dare attack it, believing Alana would keep it safeshe was a powerful Selenia.
But once again, I was wrong.
"ROGER!" I ran to him when I saw him in the hallway, clutching a deep wound in his side, trying desperately to get up.
"Zarek...
no, no, leave me...
go to the room...
save her...
they attacked while you were gone, we let our guard down for just a second anda sorcerer...
a sorcerer attacked...
the baby..." What are you talking about? Where is my sister?" "Save her, damn it, it doesnt matter how...
save the baby!" he grabbed my arm, digging his vampire claws into my skin, tears of blood streaming down his face.
Ilet him go, and he collapsed to the ground.
I kicked the door that was locked from the inside and stormed in like a tempest to find my sister staring at something inside the babys crib.
"Alana! What happened here? Roger told me the baby...! Alana?" She turned around in slow motion, her eyes void of irises, completely white, and I knew at that moment it wasnt my sister anymore.
That powerful presence radiating a holy silver lightit was none other than that damn bitch.
"you!" ---- Thats how my slaughter began.
I summoned every power I inherited from my mother, Selenia.
Her sorcery was the strongest aspect that developed within me, andI inherited her formidable magic.
That day, my invincible warriors emerged from the darkness, splitting the floors and walls apart.
How do you kill what is already dead? I razed the lycan palace and walked out with Viktors head in my hands, blood dripping from it.
Iset out to recruit all the survivors for the war against Umbros.
All the races were summoned, and every single one of them refused, calling me insane and reckless, saying thats what Selenia Alana was for, and that she even left a daughter as a backup.
They were the most blessed, the most powerful, so they had to sacrifice themselves for the greater good.
Since everyone was selfish, only caring about their own race, all focused on capturing the elementals, no one remembered the horror of the spectersbecause thats what the sacrificial lambs were for.
I decided to be the most selfish of them all.
Tonly cared about my own family.
Imassacred, slaughtered, and killed until my face, my hands, my entire body was stained with blood, and the earth darkened, soaking up the life and corpses I left in my wake.
Irode my horse like a harbinger of death, with my army growing larger and larger as casualties mounted in battle.
If they wouldnt help me alive, I would force them from their graves.
But
###Chapter 278
---- Mmmm, I groaned desperately, wanting to speak, struggling against the invisible force holding me in the air.
Despite the instinctive fear creeping into my soul, the rage clouded my thoughts, making it impossible to think clearly.
You want to destroy everything I have created, you believe its unfair that the Selenias must sacrifice themselves for my mistakes.
Do you think I want to send my favorite daughters to their deaths? my sisters features contorted with the words spoken through her lips.
This is not the time, Zarek.
The conditions are not ideal.
Even if you slaughter every creature I have created and turn them into your servants, you will not be able to defeat Umbros.
And my time here is limited.
Iam tired too, my son.
She approached me and caressed my cheek.
Her fingers burned like red-hot steel against my skin.
My entire body trembled in response to her overwhelming presence, her oppressive aura.
I fought to keep my gaze up, but I couldnt meet those eyes, glowing like blazing stars.
Tf you want to end all the creatures of the night, there is a solution, here and now.
Without the Selenias, no one can guard the prison.
Umbros will be unleashed and will destroy everything, just as you desire, she said, and my mind began racing frantically at her words.
No, no, that wasnt exactly what I wanted.
Thad done all of this to protect my family, not to have them slaughtered ---- anyway.
Your niece is dying, she said suddenly, shocking me as I looked toward the crib.
Alana summoned me with all her power to save her.
In exchange, she will go to the prison, do whatever I ask of her.
But she has been waiting for you.
I await your decision.
Then she released me from the spell.
As soon as my mud- and blood- stained boots touched the carpet, I ran to the crib.
I dont know when or howI started screaming like amadman, my trembling and filthy hands reaching out to pick up the pale, barely breathing body of the baby.
Icouldnt bring myself to touch her.
A deep wound tore through her chest and stomach, exposing the insidesshe was dying.
Save her, save her, please! I TOLD YOU TO SAVE HER, DAMNIT! I collapsed at her feet, crying, more desperate than I had ever been.
I grabbed at the hem of her dress with clenched fists, begging in every ancient language I knew.
Tf I save her, the Selenia lineage continues, and your sister will sacrifice herself.
Everything will happen exactly as you dont want it to.
If only your sister survives, I will not force her to go to the prison.
You can create your army and wait for Umbros.
He will break free anyway.
No, no, no, save her! I beg you, take my life! I was the one who offended you! Save the baby, dont let her die, she is your Selenia daughter, dont let her die! I pleaded, offering my life in exchange.
I didnt care about dying for them.
My sister would never forgive me if I made the decision to abandon her.
I would never forgive myself.
###Chapter 279
---- owner signed the contract, and I became the castles imprisoned monster.
At some point, the Realms separated, and I spent more time asleep in my consciousness than awake.
Icouldnt die, and I didnt care to live, so I watched over them in silence.
Until one day, when the cruel Goddesss conditions were met again, and I would move once morejust another pawn in her game.
---- The gentle touch of her small hand brushed my cheek, and the lump in my throat tightened.
But I kept my eyes shut, being a coward for the first time, until I heard her footsteps fading away in this cold and lonely prison where I had trapped myself.
Tears of blood rolled down my face as I watched the door close with all its magical protections.
In the end, I couldnt change anything.
Roger took care of my niece and the kingdom as the regent king until she came of age.
No one dared challenge her thronenot after the massacre I had left in my wake.
They feared the crown, and so it remained for centuries.
I didnt want to see her in person anymore.
I didnt want her to step into this gloomy cell or feel guilty for anything.
Roger twisted the real story.
My consciousness, always watching over the castle, saw her grow, fall in love, and have her descendants.
I watched Roger die of grief and sorrow, and I began to experience all the deaths I never wanted.
Thats when I realized that the punishment wasnt just reflecting as a silent guardian for a few centuries.
Since my wish was to protect my family, she took it to the ultimate extreme.
I later understood that these chains, the ones I couldnt easily break now, wouldnt let me age or die.
One by one, I witnessed the births of the Selenias and their deaths.
Some were called, others were notit was an endless torture.
Iwas forgotten, no longer needed.
I didnt even wake up when anew ---- The Goddess knew this.
She knew she had me in the palm of her hand.
Then I will do as you wish, Zarek, but I have conditions, she whispered, stroking my hair like a merciful mother.
But I hated her, hated her with everything I had.
Everything you have done has consequences.
I did not grant you your powers for you to use them this way.
What do you want? Just say it already! Havent you got me where you wanted? Just kill me already! I looked up with blood-filled eyes and met hers, swirling with the movement of countless galaxies.
JT wont.
You are too valuable a son to me.
No matter how many creations I make, few have turned out as perfect as youjust a little rebellious, I must admit.
Like your mother, you need a lesson.
And her damn lesson was the contract we signed, the one that chained me to the castle dungeon, unable to leave its confines so I wouldnt attack her other monsters.
At the time, it didnt seem like such a bad punishment.
All I wanted was to protect my family; this world she so fiercely guarded meant nothing to me.
So, I bound myself to the palace my ancestors built, and my army slumbered beneath its grounds, always protecting my niece and her descendants.
On this throne, I would only accept a Selenia, and so it remained for millennia.
Brother, thank you.
I never wanted it to be this way.
Zar, take care of her, please.
I leave her in your hands.
I will protect you with Mother; I wont be alone.
Well be together, okay? Dont be sad or angry.
I pleaded with the Goddess to release you soon.
###Chapter 280
---- "T'm not going to lock you away anymore, not as long as you obey me and understand that Zarek is mine.
I decide if I want to share him with you or not, and that goes for both of you," I warned.
I don't know why, but somehow I feel jealous of my other selves.
Mia growled at her, she hissed dangerously, and I could sense that this union wasn't going welltwo dominant beings, two powerful forces inside me.
Thope my mate can help me with this.
Iplaced a hand on my head; it ached slightly.
"As long as you don't lock me away again, I won't make it difficult for you.
I just want to be with our mate, I only want to help you, Celine...
thats all I've ever wanted." Theard her voice and remained silent, accepting that it was the pure truth.
My Alpha wolf side had always dominated, while Camilla was always hidden.
But my vampire powers had saved my ass more than once.
"Mfa, calm down already." "T don't like it." "She helped us, whatever the reason.
You couldnt handle the spell, so shut up and deal with it!" I roared at her in frustration.
She growled softly but then calmed down.
Iwas tired of fighting against myself.
Just then, there was a knock on the door, and I tensed.
I inhaled the air and relaxed at that comforting scent.
I walked quickly and turned the handle.
---- CELINE Iscanned the warm and elegant room with my eyes.
Heavy burgundy curtains covered the large windows, and only the crackling fire from a beautiful golden fireplace beside the bed cast light into the chamber.
Ilooked up at the ceiling, decorated with paintings of men and women in the forest, with two massive golden chandeliers adorned with crystal embellishments and unlit candles.
Everything here was so exotic and beautifully ancient, just like its owner.
Isat up and observed the soft white robe draped over my body.
Someone had changed me, and I knew very well it was himhe wouldn't have let anyone else do it.
I bit my lower lip, countless thoughts running through my mind as I placed my bare feet on the plush dark carpet.
My steps led me straight to a large standing mirror in front of the massive bed with white sheets.
Ilooked at my reflection and remembered everything that had happened, all my actions, and how I had even tried to kill my mate with that dagger.
"Come out already, don't act shy now," I felt her lingering in a corner of my mind, while Mia, already standing, growled at her threateningly.
Her bloody aura immediately invaded my senses, the irises of my eyes shifted to crimson, but I was the one in control of my own body, and this time, my vampiric transformation didnt fully take over.
###Chapter 281
---- "Your mate asked for your hand.
He asked me for permission to claim you as his mate," I was shocked to hear what Zarek had done.
It was an ancient tradition when male mates sought permission from the father to claim their mate.
"Now I know exactly what answer to give him." I bit my trembling lower lip, overwhelmed with emotions swirling in my chest.
"Come here, my crybaby, let me hold you one last time before youre covered in warning marks and your dark prince wants to rip my throat out for touching you." "Tf he dares threaten you, I'll cut off his bits," I joked, throwing myself into his embrace, feeling nostalgia and all the love I had for him that would never change.
In my stormy world, Quinn was always the reliable lifeline that kept me afloat.
sek That night, we were invited to dinner in the castle's grand dining hall under candlelight.
When I stepped out of the bathroom, I was surprised to see a beautiful turquoise dress laid on the bed, along with high leather boots and even accessories.
---- "Celine!" "Brother," I let him embrace me tightly, almost suffocating me.
I hugged him back as if I hadn't seen him in ages.
After a few seconds, he let me go and began examining me from head to toe while scolding me.
"Tleave you alone for a few days, and look how you end up.
Are you okay? Did that arrogant vampire hurt you? Don't be afraid just because he's powerfulif he forced you into anything..." "Shhh," I covered his mouth and pulled him inside.
I could feel itZarek was listening to every single insult.
Nothing escaped him in this palace.
"He didn't do anything to me.
I'm fine, Quinn," I assured him, even turning around so he could check, trying to smile a little.
"If anything, your sister almost took him down," I said, running a finger across my neck in a death gesture.
"And thats a joke now?" He raised an eyebrow, always the grumpy one.
Your mind..." "Well, pfft, you see, I'm fine," I rolled my eyes, pretending, but my chest warmed at his concern.
Where's Gabrielle? What happened with the rebellion? What has been going on? Everything was chaos." Then we sat down on the comfortable sofas in front of the fire.
Quinn told me how our people had defeated the rogue vampires and warlocks, and then those terrifying undead rose to hunt down the ---- survivors and secure the territory.
"Aldric left right after the battle to return to the camp because he was worried about Valeria.
He'll bring her tomorrow; we all need to sit down and talk," he looked at me with complicated eyes.
"Celine, you know your mate is practically the ruler of the entire realm now, right? That makes you..." We'll talk about it later, okay? I don't even want to think about what they'll propose to me...
we ll figure it out later," I interrupted, not wanting to complicate my life any further right now.
"Do you like him? He's a vampire.
Do you feel comfortable with him?" "Yes," I answered, lowering my head and looking at my knees, feeling my ears burn.
"I never thought I could accept a vampire as my mate, but he...
he makes me feel different.
He...
makes me not feel so...
strange." Icouldnt bring myself to look into my brother's eyes, feeling like an ungrateful traitor.
He always protected me, sacrificed everything for me, and now here I was, confessing that I always felt out of place in his world.
Suddenly, a gentle touch fell on my hair, smoothing it softly.
I swallowed the lump in my throatthose were the hands that always healed my wounds, that fed me, the hands that protected me with claws and blood.
"Then I'm happy, my little Celine.
Your brother can finally be at peace and tell Mom that he entrusted you to a strong man who respects and loves you, who can make you happy as you deserve." "Brother..." I lifted my head, unable to control the tears spilling from my eyes.
He just smiled at me with that warm expression he always had.
###Chapter 282
---- CELINE Zarek must have left them, and the truth was that the longing to see him grew stronger and stronger in my heart.
I dressed and looked at myself in the mirror.
The tight corset defined my waist and lifted my breasts in the square neckline.
The slightly off-the-shoulder sleeves left my shoulders half-bare.
The airy, beautiful dress fell softly to the floor.
"You should let your braid down and wear your hair loose; you can tie a ribbon." Iwas even surprised to hear Camilla's timid voice, not being used to her speaking to me.
I listened to herit was obvious she had more style than I did.
The truth is, Ihad always been a bit of a tomboy, but now I wanted to look beautiful for him.
I fastened the black lace choker around my neck and looked at myself in the mirror, satisfied.
"You did well," I said, trying to ease our relationship, and finally, I stepped out of the room.
As my steps carried me down the plush carpeted hallway, my fists trembled slightly, and I didn't know where to place my hands.
Then I saw him.
He was waiting for me at the landing before going downstairs, and when he turned, his longing gaze met my anxious one.
Sometimes, I couldn't believe that this strikingly handsome and fiercely ---- masculine male belonged to me alone.
Dressed in black, his tunic embroidered with silver threads, and his dark hair contrasting against his pale skin.
His untamed ruby eyes raked over me intensely, his desire hitting me like molten lava, and his aura wrapped around me possessively as he strode toward me with powerful steps.
"Tf I only say you look beautiful, it would be a complete lie," he murmured, taking my waist and pulling me close to his body, caressing my chin with his other hand, lifting my face as he lowered his own.
"Baby, I never thought I'd say this, but thank the Goddess for creating something so perfect for me.
Celine, you have no idea how much I desire you," and then his mouth descended to wreak havoc on mine.
His finger parted my lower lip, sliding his tongue in deeply.
My breath came in ragged gasps as his mouth devoured me, sucking and licking, pressing me tightly against the hard muscles of his chest.
"Fuck, I need to control myself," he muttered in frustration, and I felt the pulse of his arousal against my stomach.
"Tonight, leave the door open." "And if I close it? If I don't want to open it for you?" I teased, raising an eyebrow with a mix of seduction and rebellion.
That sinful smirk that melted me appeared at the corner of his mouth as he leaned in, the tip of his tongue slowly and deliciously licking my upper lip.
"Trust me, baby, you're going to want to leave it open.
And if you do, it's because you're accepting everything that happens behind that door," he whispered.
Our breaths mingled heavily, the primal desire thick between us.
###Chapter 283
---- Iwas surprised to see Gabrielle fully recovered, but then I realized it was just an illusionshe only looked that way inside the castle, which was a shame.
Still, it was obvious that Zarek and I weren't the only ones eager to retire for the nightmy brother was practically devouring his mate with his eyes.
Iwas also surprised to see flesh-and-blood servants.
Honestly, I thought they would be the spirits Zarek controls, but it seems the kitchen staff and others had remained hidden in their quarters behind the castle.
Though fearful, they adapted to the new situation and the orders of the castle's rightful owner.
"Well, as we discussed, Prince, our people are resting on the castle grounds.
They didnt want to come inside, but tomorrow King Aldric will arrive, and we ll all talk," Quinn said, holding Gabrielle by the waist, standing in front of us.
"T understand.
Gabrielle knows everything about managing the castle; she can do whatever she wants with the wing that belongs to her," Zarek replied, tightening his grip on my waist.
It was obvious he was subtly ushering them to the other side of the palace.
Quinn shot him a threatening look, then glanced at me and at the possessive hand resting on my body.
---- He hissed against my lips, his hand sliding down to grope my ass, and his larger frame pushed me back, pinning me against the wall.
His other hand gripped my neck firmly.
"Celine, I'm going to fucking take you tonight, and I'm a horny vampire who's been craving his mate for centuries.
There's nothing more dangerous than that, baby, so don't tempt me and get your ass downstairs for dinner, or I'll lift your dress right here in the hallway and fuck your sweet pussy." Talmost combusted on the spot! Why did I have this insane urge to defy him? "You decide.
I only need a 'yes' from your lipsor better yet, just a wink will do." "Zarek, you can't be serious...
Mmm...
no, wait..." I grabbed his hair when he lowered his head to bury it between my breasts, inhaling my skin lasciviously.
"Let's go to dinner, come on!" I started pushing him frantically, looking around with what I imagined was a tomato-red face, while his deep chuckle rumbled in his chest and those sexy lips mocked my predicament.
"Remember, door open or I'll come in through your window," he whispered playfully before stepping into the dining hall, and I just huffed.
What lock in this castle couldn't he open? But I knew that if I closed it, he would never force his way in.
sek Dinner was somewhat strange, but not as awkward as I had imagined.
###Chapter 284
---- senses, his pounding chest pressed against my rigid back.
I walked to my room with legs like jelly, and even though I wasn't some virginal girl, I felt like one.
"Calm down, Celine, you're a damn Alpha wolf.
You should be devouring that cocky vampire yourself," I muttered to myself as I approached the elegant white box resting on the bed.
Where did he even get all this? Of course, within these walls, anything was possible for him.
Tuntied the black satin ribbon and nearly died of embarrassment when I saw its contents.
"Can I still trade him for a less perverted mate?" I asked the other two inside me, their eyes just as wide as mine.
Sighing, I went to the massive bathroomthe same one I had fantasized about before.
After hesitating for a second, I dressed...
or rather, I barely covered myself.
I looked at the full-length mirror, adjusting the crisscrossing straps of the semi-transparent black lace mini skirt, which tied at the sides of my almost-exposed thighs.
I wrapped my arms around myself, trying to cover the matching black lace piece that barely crossed over my breasts and fastened behind my neck.
My pink areolas were completely visible, and my nipples were already peaking, standing out through the delicate fabric.
My legs, stomach, entire backeverything exposed.
---- CELINE Their auras clashed like two elite males facing off.
Gabrielle and I exchanged glances, rolling our eyes.
"Men," she whispered in my mind, and I sighed, secretly amused by the tense situation.
"T accept you taking her as your mate, but the moment you hurt her, even if it costs me my life, I will take her away.
She has never been a burden to me," my brother suddenly declared, and the atmosphere grew sharper.
"T'm grateful that you've taken care of her until now, and for that alone, you will always have my support whenever you need it.
Besides, we are family now.
Rest assured, to me, my mate is the most valuable and important thing in this world." "T would never harm her," Zarek replied without hesitation, then lowered his gaze to look at me.
And just like that, I watched my brother's broad back disappear down the hall, Gabrielle whispering sweet nothings in his ear.
For some reason, now that we were alone, I started feeling nervous, my stomach fluttering with anticipation.
And it only got worse when his hot breath brushed against my ear.
"Go to your room now and change into whats on the bed.
Leave only the black choker on your neck.
Dont take too long." Ishivered at his husky, whispered command.
Swallowing hard, I nodded, his intoxicating scent overwhelming my
###Chapter 285
---- licking over the fabric.
He growled low, exhaling heavily, making me spread my legs further with his hands gripping my thighs, kneading my flesh roughly and pulling my hips toward his lips that were driving me insane.
"Put your foot up on my knee," he requested, and I did, leaving myself even more vulnerable, my core open and dripping.
"Now come and take what you want, fuck my mouth with this sweet pussy and don't stop riding me until you come.
Let me drink from you, use me for your pleasure, my queen." He lifted the lace that covered my heat, and his mouth dove between my thighs, sending me soaring to the heights of ecstasy.
---- "Goddess, I might as well have come out naked.
Should I put a robe over this?" "Celine, he's already outside." Mia's warning made me jump, my legs feeling weak.
Alright, ladies, it's time to give it our all tonight.
Whether we like it or not, were in this together, so let's each bring out our most sensual, shameless sides," I said to the mirror, gathering the courage to step into the bedroom.
Topened the door, my bare feet stepping into the dimly lit room, where only the fire from the fireplace illuminated the space and filled it with warmth that was already sizzling.
I found him sitting calmly at the edge of the bed, sipping from a glass of wine.
He wore loose white pants and a long black robe, left open at the front, revealing his strong, sculpted chest and abdomen, adorned with those dark and mysterious tattoos.
His predator-like eyes scanned me from head to toe over the rim of the glass, his mouth savoring the deep red wine like it was blood.
Come," he commanded with ruthless authority, and I could only obey, feeling utterly exposed under his shameless desires that made my stomach clench with need.
He placed the glass on the floor, and I noticed the hard outline of his arousal pressing against his pants.
Just a few steps away from him, he did something that froze me in place.
He slid off the bed, onto his knees, and placed his hands on the carpet ---- like a wild animal, crawling toward me without ever breaking eye contact with those blazing eyes.
My heart pounded like a war drum, and I could barely control the trembling of my sweaty hands.
Talmost took a step back when he reached me, but he lowered his head, took my foot in his hand, and pressed a kiss to my instep, his fingers caressing my ankle.
Wherever he touched or his mouth licked and sucked, it felt like I was being consumed by slow-burning fire, desire pooling between my thighs.
Imoaned as his hands slid up, caressing the sensitive insides of my thighs.
His sharp fangs grazed the tender skin of my birthmark, and for the first time, I felt an overwhelming need for him to mark me deep and drink from my vein.
"Sshh, of course I will, baby," his deep, sexy voice shattered my burning thoughts, "but I can't hold back anymore.
Right now, I need...
Mmm...
to take care of this dripping little thing that's making me so damn hard.
"Mmm," I moaned, biting my lower lip as his face buried itself between my legs.
Icould feel his hot, ragged breaths against my clit, his mouth wet and open over my sex, pressing against the delicate lace.
"Sshh, you're so wet, and I haven't even touched you between these delicious petals yet." Ilooked down at him in embarrassment, meeting his hungry eyes as he gazed up at me, kneeling at my feet.
He inhaled deeply, savoring my scent, his long tongue lasciviously
###Chapter 286
---- CELINE Ahoarse cry escaped my slightly parted lips, my lashes trembled, my nails dug into his strong shoulders, searching for something to anchor myself to.
Wet, erotic sounds mixed with my moans and the panting of his mouth s*cking on my p*ssy.
His tongue glided between my petals, up and down, his nose constantly grazing against my sensitive clit, which he sucked and licked until I was grinding my hips against him.
His fingers spread my pussy open, and his long vampiric tongue started devouring me, fucking me deeply in and out, in and out...
"Aah...
Zarek," his name slipped from my chest, the sinful desire burning through me.
Imoaned uncontrollably as two fingers joined the penetration, stabbing into my folds from below, spreading inside me, my clit sucked and tortured by the tip of his tongue.
Saliva dripped down my thighs, mixing with my hot juices.
Tarched my back, staring at the ceiling, my hips moving frantically over his face, one foot poised on his knee, the other grounding me on the floor, my mind lost in lust.
I felt all the wild changes in my bodymy canines grew, my throat burned with thirst, and a searing heat spread over the thigh where my birthmark lay.
My hands reached for my hardened breasts, squeezing them, pinching ---- my stiff nipples, hissing with desire, imagining it was his touch, while the pressure in my belly built up, ready to explode.
"Ahhh!" My legs trembled, and my entire pussy convulsed in a delicious orgasm when his fangs sank into the inside of my thigh, his fingers fucking me freneticallyfast, hard, impaling me the way I craved for him to do with his thick cock.
I dug my nails into his skin, moaning breathlessly like a fish out of water.
My head spun, drunk on pleasure, the orgasm magnified now that all my powers reveled inside me.
Lowering my eyes, now tinged red and gold, I saw a wild rose vine tattoo itself around my thigh, growing from the tiny red seed.
This was Camillas manifestation in my bodyone I had never allowed to bloom before, and I realized how much intensity I had been missing in my past sexual encounters.
Zarek tasted my blood, and the pleasure in his senses hit me, arousing me again.
He licked the mark left by his fangs and then his crimson lips.
He opened his predators eyes from below, and our intense gazes locked.
Mmm, I whimpered, trembling as his fingers slid out of my cunt and he leaned forward to clean up all the mess of my orgasm with his tongue.
Zarek, wait...
1, I want to please you too.
I grasped his silky black hair and pulled him away from between my legs, on the verge of giving in and collapsing to the floor.
"And what will you do to please me even more?" His deep, seductive voice teased.
"Sit...
sit on the bed," I managed to say, clenching my fists.
It was my turn to show him I wasnt some easy prey but a woman with experience.
###Chapter 287
---- Ilooked up at him, confused, my head tilted.
"Do you...
not like it?" My voice sounded different, my vampire instincts now merged with my senses.
T wonder, Camilla...
if youve always been locked away, where did you learn to pleasure a man like this? He leaned in dangerously close, his other hand slipping between my parted thighs, teasing my clit.
who was the one who had a lot of practice?" ---- I watched him sit with his legs apart at the edge of the bed, his robe completely open, revealing his satin skin, illuminated by the warmth of the fire.
My breath nearly caught when I saw the damp stain spreading across the white fabric.
His hard cock tented the cloth between his legs.
"And now? What does my mate want me to do?" He leaned back on one elbow, lowering his hand to palm himself over the fabric.
I swallowed hard, devouring him with my gaze.
The tip of his tongue traced along his sharp fangs in an erotic motion, his smug smile telling me he knew exactly how hot he looked and how fucking wet he was making me.
"Take off your pants and show it to me." "Like this?" He grabbed the waistband on his hips in one swift motion, untying it and pulling the garment down, leaving it bunched around his legs.
"Aaooo, I think Im in heat.
Grrr, I want him to mount me with that big cock.
Fuck, its so good." Mia even howled, pacing inside me, pushing me to spread myself open over that thick, veiny cockits red tip glistening, the slit oozing a dense bead that trickled down the rigid shaft.
"Mfa, I thought you were the serious one", I spoke to her, trying to control my nerves.
"Are you just going to stand there staring, or are you at least going to come over and bite me?" he taunted shamelessly, stroking himself slowly, up and down.
My legs moved with determination.
---- I knelt between his thighs, hands on his muscular legs, lowering my head to inhale his scentjust like he had done to me.
Mmm.
I couldn't stop myself from moaning at the pure, raw desire in his scent, more intense at the tipmusky, masculine, utterly intoxicating.
I trailed lower to his heavy balls, letting my tongue slip out to lick the wrinkled skin before taking them into my mouth, sucking gently.
My taste buds savored all the precum seeping erotically into my mouth.
Above me, his sharp exhales and hisses filled the air.
He was reveling in the need I stirred in him.
Ilooked up, finding his predatory eyes locked on me, unblinking, watching as my tongue sensually slid up his rigid length, licking the stiff shaft until I reached the swollen head.
I circled it over and over, driving him insane, tempting him.
My fangs brushed dangerously close to his sensitive skin.
I parted my lips, wrapping them around his tip, and sucked him into my hot mouth.
I started sucking him off with what little experience I had, but my desire to please him made me bold and sluttylike never before.
My hand pumped the thick base as I took him deeper and deeper, my breath coming in hot pants through my nose.
Thollowed my cheeks, licked at his slit, and curled my tongue around the throbbing shaft that pulsed against my throat every time I swallowed him down.
Suddenly, his fingers fisted in my hair, and with a wet, obscene pop, his cock slipped from my lips.
###Chapter 288
---- 177.
SEDUCING MIA.
CELINE I trembled from head to toe, aroused by his fingers groping my pussy, the pressure tightening in his grip on my hair.
Nervous, my heart pounded like crazy, my lips still slick with traces of his essence.
15 side full reign in this encounter.
I wanted to see what she would say in my defense.
I..." [fell silent in my consciousness.
I had given my vampiric "Tell me, Camilla, did Celine practice with many men? Did you watch her do this many times, devouring other cocks like you just devoured min Shit, these jealous fits are irrational! And why the fuck is that savage look turning me on more than scaring me?! "No!" she instantly denied, shaking her head frantically, but it was painfully obvious she was a terrible liar.
"She hasnt...
shes barely mated with any males...
just...
just out of necessity..." "Ts that so? Then how did you learn?" "Because...
because we like you so much.
We want to please you..
did we do it that badly?" "That's it, Camilla!" I gave her a mental thumbs-up at least she wasnt a traitor.
Suddenly, Zarek bit down on my lower lip, making me hiss in pain ---- and pleasure, every pore on my body shuddering.
So, you're just an inexperienced girl who only wants to please me Celine, just the thought of you sucking someone else off like that makes me want to kill." His bloodthirsty intentions slammed into me head-on, and I could barely meet his ruby eyes.
I swallowed down the bitter truthhe had done this with other women too.
"But I believe in Camilla.
So, since you've only been this passionate with me...
lets practice.
I want Celine to take control at all times." He whispered in my ear, and I knew what was coming a delicious punishment, just for me.
Minutes later, I was lying on my back, my hands bound to the headboard with black ribbons, my legs spread wide, my ankles tied to the bedposts.
Mmmunn, I moaned, his massive cock pumping between my lips, fucking my mouth as Zarek gripped my hair, pushing me forward to take him deeper.
My jaw ached, my saliva spilled uncontrollably, my tongue twisting desperately to please him.
I could barely breathe, looking up at himhis hips thrusting, his strong abdomen flexing, hands gripping the headboard, straddling my chest.
Goddess...
all I could do was passively accept as he shoved that delicious length into my throat, nearly swallowing him whole.
---- His moans and hisses filled my ears.
His pleasure was intensifying I could feel it in the frantic way he pounded into my mouth.
Just when I thought he was about to come, he pulled out, his rigid shaft slipping from between my lips.
He moved over me, pressing me down, dominant and relentless.
His mouth crashed against mine, rough, passionate, crazed.
My cry of pleasure melted into his husky growl as he finally thrust into me, lifting one of my legs and plunging into my folds, which clenched around him in bliss.
I felt my pussy stretching inch by inch to take his massive cock.
Ah, ah, ah, I moaned in time with his thrusts, the bed creaking with the force of his movements.
My breasts were devouredsucked, bittenwhile below, his shaft claimed me ruthlessly, his powerful hands spreading my thighs wide, my wrists and ankles still restrained.
"Love, Im coming!" I screamed, lost in passion.
Every time he stabbed my G-spot, I swore I saw bursts of color.
My orgasm was right there, on the edge.
I clung to the ribbons like a madwoman, desperate for control.
"No, not yet.
Come here, my wolf," he ordered possessively, and my bindings came undone.
He grabbed my waist, lifting me, moving me across the bed like his personal pleasure doll.
###Chapter 289
---- before.
She wagged her tail under his caresseslike a shameless bitch after swearing she would hate vampires to the death.
---- words made our hearts race.
"I, the Dark Prince Zarek Vlad, claim you as my mate.
I offer you my protection, my tormented, fragmented soulbut one that beats in love with every part of you.
My mate, I beg you, if you accept me, I will never make you regret letting me into your world.
Mia howled wildly at the sacred words of the wolfs claim.
A lump formed in my throat, and a few tears slipped from my golden eyes just like my Alphas.
Joy fluttered in my chest.
"T accept you.
I, just Celine, just a simple hybrid, desire you as my mate, my friend, my lover, the other half of my soul.
Mine, forever and always." Taccepted the mate bond in the true way of the wolves.
And when.
his fangs sank into my nape, I could only drown in an intense orgasm that wiped my mind blank Troared, my head tilting back, my wolfs canines bared, barely containing the shift to my animal form.
My body melted in pleasure, adrenaline surging through my veins, the scent of blood lingering in the air.
Zarek slit his wrist and offered me his vein.
"Mia, youre mine, little wolf.
When your heat comes, Ill have a surprise for youjust the two of us, playing in the forest." He murmured filthy promises to my wolf, who spun in the sea of her consciousness, playful and seductive in a way I had never seen ---- I found myself on all fours, staring into a massive mirror at the foot of the bed.
My wide eyes took in our surroundingsonly walls of mirrors.
I knew it was an illusion, but watching myself making love, seeing my own lustful expressionsit was so shameful...
and so fucking hot.
"Come out to play, Mfa.
Come, Alpha, let me ride you the way you love." He gripped the back of my neck hard, groaning in my ear, his wild eyes locking onto mine through the mirror.
Of course, Mia took overarching my ass like I was in heat, begging for my mate.
Twas spanked, groped with rough hands, taken from behind by a horny vampire, pounded to the hilt while he forced me to watch my own reflectionseeing myself dominated by this man, begging for more like a slut, surrendering to the passion.
My wolfs eyes nearly rolled back in lust as I pushed myself against him, my claws digging into the mattress, the scent of sex filling my lungs.
His grip tightened on my hips, his other hand forcing my torso down, pressing my breasts into the soft sheets as his chest molded against my back, completely overwhelming me with his weight.
Our sweat-slicked bodies moved together in a seamless rhythm, our panting mixing with the continuous creaks of the bed.
And in the midst of this wild storm of pleasure, the most beautiful
###Chapter 290
---- tattooing them onto him without mercy.
Drops of blood ran down his back, but he didnt even flinch.
---- 178.
TOGETHER: DEAD OR ALIVE CELINE Twatched myself in the mirror, drinking the crimson liquid as he licked my nape, right where the mark of his teeth now rested.
And though it wasnt like the wolves, Mia was more than satisfied.
But as my throat swallowed the intoxicating blood and I felt the intimate connection of the bond with my Alpha, something was still missing.
Something was wrong...
he hadnt come yet.
How? After making love like this, how is he still hard inside me? Am I...
not satisfying him as a woman? Fool, he laughed against my ear.
Dont ever think that for a second.
You have no idea how much ve been holding back.
But if yowre so worried, come...
serve yourself.
He responded to my thoughts, pulling out of me, making me sigh as the sudden emptiness hit me.
T turned to see him sitting on the bed, legs bent and spread, hands resting behind him, his hair disheveled, his skin glistening with sweat.
His ethereal eyes seduced me, his lustful expression igniting a challenge in my veins.
T've done all the work so far.
Come, Camilla, your turn to practice.
---- Zareks claim in return.
The side of my neck tingled as his tongue licked me.
"Bite me deep, I need you, drink from my life, loveZarek, bite me!" His fangs pierced me, and my entire world shattered.
I came again, uncontrollably, drowning in the dark pleasure of his mouth drinking my lifes essence while I drank his.
Inside my pussy, his throbbing cock vibrated and exploded in hot, milky streams, filling me until it dripped down onto the sheets.
My hands caressed his back as I licked the wound on his neck, trying to catch my breathbut then I felt something strange.
T opened my eyes in euphoric bliss, only to freeze in horror at the reflection in the mirror.
My name was engraving itself on his back in large, burning red letters, glowing as if each stroke was searing his flesh raw.
Zarek! [ tried to pull away, hissing a little because he was still feeding from me.
I grabbed his hair, cradling him against my neck, feeling him finally withdraw and lick me with care.
Relax, baby, its nothing, sweetheart.
Its just my vampire bond with you, he murmured, but I couldnt stop imagining how painful it must be.
Roses intertwined with every letter, as if an invisible hand were ---- I didnt think twiceI lunged at him, straddling his thighs and kissing him like a madwoman.
Our lips burned, our tongues twisted like snakes.
I reached down, grabbed his cock, and pushed it inside me until I lost all sense.
ahhhhhh! I moaned hoarsely at the pleasure of the deep penetration, riding him without control, rising and falling, sinking my claws into his tense muscles, my thirst for blood growing inside me.
I didnt restrain my vampire sideI let her out, wilder and hornier than ever.
I grabbed his hair as he did to me, forcing him to bare his throat, his weak spot.
And Zarek submitted to me, giving me a satisfaction that filled my chest completely.
1 lowered my mouth, and my sharp fangs sank into the frantic vein at the side of his neck.
Mmmm, so good, I moaned at the tastesweeter and more addictive than anything I had ever known.
I loved it.
I couldnt stop draining him.
His fingers dug into my hips as he knelt on the bed, lifting me, thrusting up into me while I wrapped my legs around his waist.
I clung to his strong body, my mind consumed by madness.
Ancient, unintelligible words filtered into my thoughtsroses and thorns, blood and pleasure.
Camilla hissed and moaned in my head, aroused by the taste of her mates powerful blood, accepting
###Chapter 291
---- harmonybecause now, they all had something in common.
They all belonged to the Dark Prince of the Vampires.
ad The next day, in the palace hall, the future of both realms would be decidedperhaps they would finally reunite as one once more.
---- But...
but I've never heard of something like this before.
I...
I dont have it, I stammered, looking over myself, seeing only the rose tattoo around my thigh.
But somehow, I felt like that had always been there, Celine, look at me, Celine.
He wrapped an arm around my waist, lifting my chin with his hand.
Darling, this is my promise to you.
Our mate bond is beyond the ordinaryits a life-or-death commitment, but only on my side.
No, no.
Why would you do something like this without telling me? I protested, distressed, pounding against his chest.
Undo it, undo it! No, I wont.
Because if anything ever happened to you, I wouldnt want to keep living, do you understand? Without you, this world has no meaning for me.
He held me tightly, as if trying to fuse me into his chest, his obsessive gaze never leaving mine.
Through our bond, I felt his deep fear of losing meof being left alone again.
His unspoken terror squeezed my soul, making me love him even more.
_Fine, Laccepted, cupping his face, pressing a soft kiss to his lips, still tasting of me.
But only if you do it with me too.
Not just on your side.
Celine...
---- T cant live without you either.
From the moment you stepped into my dreams, you took over my soul and trapped itjust like those chains that once controlled you.
Mark me too with the life-or -death spell.
Its both of us...
or neither.
Tooked into his crimson eyes, more certain of this than anything.
Both alive, or both deadone could not exist without the other.
In the end, ll have to kneel before that damn stop badmouthing the Goddess, I cut him off, covering his mouth in alarm.
I think hes the only being on this earth who dares to speak about her like that.
His sleepy, beautiful eyes stared at me over my palm.
Then his tongue flicked out, licking my hand lasciviously.
Ym going to carve my name into your body, he murmured, his voice deep, wicked, but I havent decided where yet.
I need to explore my female more...
I'll find a place only Ican see.
Before I could respond, he pushed me onto the beda mess of blood and cumwhile an insatiable, aroused vampire lunged at me to devour me again.
I waited for him with my legs open, the lust still pulsing in my belly, the power coursing through my veins.
For the first time in my life, I felt whole.
Satisfied.
The scattered pieces inside me aligned, fitting together in perfect
###Chapter 292
---- His thick fur sent shivers through me, his powerful arms tightening around my body, and the spark of desire ignited in my belly.
Maybe I got infected by that weird little thing that was always begging for sex.
"Promises, promises...
I want to see if the consequences will really drive me crazy." "shameless." Seducing each other, we finally arrived at the castle gates, crossing the deep moat via the drawbridge.
"Valeria!" My mothers voice made me look up at the stairs leading to the entrance, and my greeting got stuck in my throat.
"M-Mom? Are you healed?" My joy and excitement didnt last long.
Aldric finally placed me gently on the ground, and I ran to embrace her as she descended, waiting for me with open arms.
"Tts an illusion, my child.
It only works within the castles limits, but dont be sad," she reassured me, holding me back slightly.
I looked into her blue eyes, my own glistening with unshed tears.
" Vale, it doesnt matter.
It doesnt affect me, my love." Always strong, always incredibleshe caressed my cheek with love before asking about the baby ---- 179.
THE REUNITED FAMILY VALERIA "Baby, are you uncomfortable? Does your belly hurt?" "No, I'm just alittle tired.
I havent slept well, worried about you guys," Imurmured, stroking the furry chest of the massive black lycan carrying me effortlessly through the woods.
He lowered his enormous head, pressing his wolfish nose against my neck, tickling me as he inhaled deeply.
I pinched his pointed ears lightly, my heart settling because he was by my side.
Aldric kept moving, carrying me with him.
Ever since he came back, he had been in full obsessive mode, and I wasnt complaining.
We had stopped to rest several times in the wild, and by dawn, we were nearing the lycan camp.
I saw the large tents set up outside a cemetery, and in the distance, the intimidating, dark castle filled with my worst memories.
"Your Majesty, we've been waiting for you.
How is the Queen?" Beof approached with several wolves to receive us.
By force, I had gotten used to being called the one in charge.
"I'm fine, Beof, thank you," I answered for myself, feeling a bit embarrassed to be carried like a princess in my massive lycans arms.
---- "Aldric, put me down, love..." "Beof, we're heading straight to the castle.
Start packing up the campwe'll be leaving soon.
1ll give you my signal." Aldric completely ignored my request to put me down and instead gave orders to his men before stepping through the iron gates of that eerie cemetery, which creaked open with a spine-chilling groan.
Behave yourself in the meeting, No growling like a beast," I warned as his massive paws crushed the withered grass, the white mist swirling around us.
Funny, considering how much you love when I take you like a beast and grow! in your ear in bed.
I thought that drove you wild." He licked my mouth with that wolfish tongue, and I stared at him, baffled at when exactly the cold-hearted lycan king had become this shameless.
"T almost forgotnow that you're busy protecting the pup, you're going soft.
Guess Ill have to find another scratcher soon, one thats more active." "Valeria!" he actually roared in my mind, his animalistic eyes narrowing with fury at the mention of another scratcher.
When we get home, I want to see if you keep up this attitude.
Keep challenging me, and you have no idea what the consequences will be." He bit my bare shoulder before soothing the spot with a slow lick.
###Chapter 293
---- with warmth.
"Pm sorry, [let my guard down for a second.
I didnt have a Selenia around to pull off those specter-slaying assassin moves," she teased with a small smile.
"T think you found yourself an even more dangerous killer, my dear Celine," I whispered in her ear.
I didnt need to be a male to see and smell all the warnings etched into her body.
Aldric and even Quinn had taken a step back the moment she got closer.
We pulled away, feeling more at ease.
It felt good knowing we were all safe and that Celine had finally found her other half in the most unpredictable being.
"welcome to my castle," the prince finally spoke, his voice magnetic and cold, his gaze sharp enough to pierce through anything.
Tm pleased to see the Selenia bloodline still endures." ---- Thesitated for a second.
In reality, there was something worrying me, but I didnt want to tell Aldric and make him anxious.
Isqueezed my mothers hand, glancing toward him.
He was speaking with Quinn about the war.
alright, we'll talk about my concerns later," Mom understood immediately.
I didnt even trust our bond.
My relationship with Aldric was too close, too openhe might overhear me.
At last, we entered the palace, and everything felt strange.
I didnt remember it being this glamorous insideit had always given off a sense of decay.
Looking up at the grand staircase, I was stunned to see Celine descending with who I assumed was her matethe powerful being who, from what I had been told, was actually related to my mother and me.
His ruby eyes scanned us, intimidating, his aura declaring he was the absolute ruler of this place.
Aldric stepped beside me, gripping my waist possessivelyjust as Quinn did with my mother.
These males and their who-can-piss-farther contests...
"Your Majesty," Celine greeted Aldric with respect before turning to me, stepping forward.
You have no idea how relieved I am that youre safe.
You scared me to death." I hugged her tightly, and she returned the gesture
###Chapter 294
---- ina low voice.
She hesitated, looking at him.
only if you agree.
Besides, I dont really want to be Queen again.
I could serve as a regent under my daughter.
I still believe in merging the realms," she confessed, lowering her head.
Quinn cupped her chin, tilting her head up to kiss her, making us all avert our eyes.
Goddess, I did not need to see my mother like that.
I quickly hid behind my giant redheaded lycan.
Still, Thad to admitI was happy for her.
Quinn was a good man.
They spoke softly between themselves, and in the end, my mother made her decision.
"] accept, but only under one condition.
I dont want any more division between the races.
No more Lycan Realm and Dark Realm.
Iwant one united kingdomunder your rule," she looked at us, her eyes landing on mine.
"Daughter, I will help you.
You dont have to do anything just bring your pup into this world in peace." I turned to gauge Aldrics reaction.
With a deep sigh, he nodded in agreement.
---- "Actually, I think the best person for the job is someone who already knows how to run the realm," Zarek said, looking straight at my mother.
Quinn nearly spit out his wine.
suddenly, he wasnt acting so smug.
No, my mate isnt well" Within these walls, with my powers, she will always be like this.
And Gabrielle, no one is more suited than you to handle the bureaucracy," Zarek argued, and he had a point.
"Your daughter controls the lycans, you return to the throne, and my army will, as always, defend the crown.
No one will dare try anythingI can guarantee that I will keep the peace in these lands.
Besides, I need to go out and recruit.
I cant stay here playing king." He added that last part, but I didnt understand it.
There was something he and my mother were discussing, excluding the rest of us.
"Gabrielle..." Quinn called her, gazing at her intently.
"T cant make this decision lightly.
I need to discuss it with my mate.
And I also cant be tied down hereI want to see my daughter," my mother replied firmly.
"Pll activate the sealed portal so traveling between castles will be just a doors distance apart," Zarek continued tempting her, and honestly, I didnt think it was a bad idea.
"You...
do you want this?" Quinn suddenly took her hands, asking ---- "Ahem...
What my mate means to say is that with the pup on the way and so much chaos in the realm, its too much for just the two of us," I interjected, squeezing my wild ones thigh.
"Prince, I know the throne has always belonged to the Selenias, but things have changed.
Unless my mother wants to be Queen again, I honestly have no interest in ruling." Tglanced at my mother with slight apprehension, hoping not to see disappointment in her eyes.
But I had to say it I couldnt keep it bottled up any longer.
"T know, my child.
know you dont want it, and I never intended to pressure you, Vale.
I only wanted to make sure the Dark Realm didnt fall into the wrong hands.
And thanks to the Goddess, it didnt," my mother reassured me, easing my heart.
"It wasnt thanks to the Goddess.
It was thanks to my mate, Celine, " Zarek corrected immediately, and I watched as Celine gave him a slightly awkward smile, discreetly pinching his arm.
For the love of the heavens...
was the future of the realms really being discussed by this band of lunatic outcasts? Myself included? "'So that leaves us at square one.
No one wants the responsibility," Aldric stated the obvious.
"Its unbelievable.
People are out there killing each other for the throne, and here you guys are tossing it around like a ball," Quinn commented lazily, sipping his drink as if it had nothing to do with him, ---- 180, ONE UNITED KINGDOM VALERIA He looked at me and then down at my slightly rounded belly.
"Prince Zarek, we need to talk about absolutely everything.
For my familys sake, Im willing to reconsider everything about our races, " Aldric stepped forward, facing him dominantly, making me proud that he had decided to let go of his hatred.
alright, but first, breakfast.
Lets all eat, and then we'll talk," Zarek proposed, inviting us into a massive dining hall where I devoured an exquisite breakfast of bacon and eggs.
My stomach was like a bottomless pit, and that was with me drinking Aldrics blood like an alcoholic with a barrel of beer.
Some time later, we found ourselves seated in a lounge.
Each couple relaxed on comfortable sofas in front of a warm fire, surrounded by drinks and desserts in a laid-back atmosphere.
Thad expected us to head straight to the throne room for negotiations, with us women holding back our beastly husbands to stop them from tearing each others throats out.
But things didnt go that way.
"Celine and I discussed it, King Aldric.
We have no interest in ruling the Dark Realms throne," Zarek stated plainly, sipping from a cup of what I hoped was wine.
"Icant handle all the lands.
Its too much responsibility, and honestly, the ones I already have are enough to drive me up the fuc
###Chapter 295
---- instantly.
What the hell was that aggressive question about now? "I did," Zarek admitted without hesitation.
"And I would do it again." "why?" I could feel the rage swelling inside Aldric.
I gripped his arm, worried that all the progress we had made was about to unravel.
"Because I found them in an orgyraping the elementals of this world, men and women alike.
And when I confronted them, I saw not a single trace of remorse in their eyes," he responded, his ruby irises darkening to a shade so deep it looked like they were about to bleed.
---- 181.
ONLY 25 YEARS VALERIA "T hope to count on your power, Prince Zarek, because this fusion wont be easy.
Many will oppose it," Aldric stated seriously.
"Dont worry, King Lycan.
I know very well how to handle rebels.
In fact, I need to expand my armymuch, much more," he replied with a sinister chuckle that sent a shiver down my spine.
"Now, onto the next matter of the daywhats our plan to defeat that son of a bitch, the Specter King? Because I think we all understand that door wont hold forever.
And this time, Im not hiding like a fucking rat," Zarek added.
"and Im not handing over my woman or my daughter under any circumstances," Aldric growled low, pulling me closer to him, and Gabrielle will not keep mutilating herself," Quinn growled in response as well.
"Love, how much time do we have?" He looked at my mother, and we all followed suit, a trace of fear in our eyes.
"The remaining Selenia power...
I think it can hold for about 20 to 25 years.
No more than that," my mother confessed with a furrowed brow.
Hearing it like that, 25 years seemed like a long time.
But what was that to creatures who lived for centuries? It was nothinga mere breath of life.
"Then we have less than 25 years to come up with a fucking solid ---- plan because Im more than ready to tear that shadow-sucking bastard apart," Aldric concluded, grinding his teeth, the fire of vengeance burning in all of our eyes.
But I pressed my hand against my belly, full of uncertainties.
By then, my pup would be an adult.
I didnt want her involved in this war.
And the worst part? She was a Selenia.
[could not allow her to be exposed to danger.
see When the prince said a doors distance apart, I didnt think he meant it literally.
We descended an old staircase and walked down dim hallways lit by golden candelabras mounted on the walls.
At the end of one of them stood a completely silver door, adorned with intricate runes hidden beneath hundreds and hundreds of chains, draped over it like venomous snakes.
We decided to take this route, but since it was a secret passage, Aldric sent word to Beof via one of my messenger ravens, instructing them to return on their own.
"King and Queen, this door contains a translocation spell that links both castles.
I ask permission to activate it so our families can visit each other whenever they wish, without having to travel long distances," Zarek turned to us, formally requesting approval, though obviously, Aldric already knew about this passage.
"You were the one who massacred nearly all the lycans, werent you?" Aldric suddenly asked, and the tension in the air thickened
###Chapter 296
---- Celine moved to step in, but he caught her hand and shielded her behind him.
Quinn and my mother instinctively placed themselves in the middle one big, dramatic family standoff.
"So, does everything we discussed still stand, King Lycan? Or do you want revenge for your kind?" Zarek challenged outright, making my nerves skyrocket.
I dont seek justice on behalf of disgusting rapists," Aldric finally answered, and I think the collective sigh of relief was audible.
But of course, he had to add "T only hope that if your loyalty ever changes in the future, you dont use this passage to take us by surprise." ---- entire body ached.
"Love, dont get upset.
Its bad for you," Aldrics hands massaged my shoulders as he followed me down an unfamiliar hallway I assumed we were in our castle now.
"Oh, now you care?" I swatted his hand away and kept walking, feeling him follow behind me like a guilty puppy with its tail between its legs A sly smile tugged at the corner of my lips, hidden in the dim light.
I'd take advantage of how docile he was tonight...
and fucking violate him.
inhaled the scent I had missed so much.
When I left, I honestly thought I'd never return "Its good to be home," I murmured, trying to push my worries aside.
For tonight, I would enjoy my man.
Tomorrow, I had to talk to my mother about what was happening to me.
---- "Tam only loyal to one personthe woman behind me.
Whoever Celine wishes to protect, support, and help, I will make it possible for her.
And the day she no longer wishes it and asks me to destroy it, I willwithout hesitation," Zarek stated, unwavering.
The violent energies clashing between them made me dizzy nauseous.
"And I have never been the kind of man who attacks from behind, King Lycan.
If one day I come for your head, I will do it face to face.
"We'll see about that..." 'THATS ENOUGH, YOU DAMN BRUTES!" I shouted, startling everyone.
"Celine, control your beast, and I'll handle mine! Aldric, enough already! Open the fucking door before you find out what its like to deal with a hormonally unstable woman!" I didnt know if pregnancy had actually driven me insane, but at lastno more dick-measuring contests.
They finally opened the damn door, and I stormed through it like a pissed- off wolf striding into her own den.
My mother and Quinn would follow us in a few days before returning to maintain balance between the realms.
As soon as she crossed the threshold, my mother put her blindfold back on.
Obviously, the Prince of the Dead would remain in his crypt with Celine, and I...
all T wanted was a hot bath in the tubbecause my
###Chapter 297
---- For an instant, I saw something in their depthsa flicker of life.
1 didnt know what forbidden magic my mate had used, but keeping someone alive even in death, forcing them into servitude under anothers will, was the most cruel and inhuman thing I had ever witnessed.
---- 182.
MY WEDDING GIFT CELINE "Where are we going?" I asked my trouble-seeking mate after scolding him for the uncomfortable situation from earlier.
"I dont like that Aldric kept you on the sidelines for so many years, " he hissed, not letting go of my hand as we walked down the hallway.
He had his reasons to hate the Dark Realm.
I hated it too," 1 sighed, wanting to leave the past behind.
"T understand, but that doesnt mean I have to like it." He stopped in front of me, his cold hand caressing my cheek.
The intensity of his emotions always wrapped around my soul.
You wanted to know where I was taking you? Come, I have a surprise I had brought here for you," he said before opening a door toa massive library.
I stared in awe at the towering bookshelves, stretching from floor to ceiling, forming what looked like a labyrinth.
Hanging lamps cast soft, shifting shadows, and though the heavy curtains were drawn, pale sunlight filtered in through an enormous terrace.
Standing there, his back to us, was aman.
His noble clothing was tattered and stained, darkened by dried blood.
---- Something about him instantly put me on edge.
"My beloved Celine, allow me to introduce you to your new servant.
He will do anything you ask, endure everything you desire.
He is my wedding gift to you.
Greet your mistress!" Zarek commanded with cruelty, and my heart nearly stopped when the man turned around.
Chestnut hair, brown eyeshis features struck me as eerily familiar, despite the stiffness and unnatural pallor in them.
Thad seen those same features many times before...
in my own.
reflection.
He's the one who gave life to my form," Camilla hissed with venom.
She didnt seem happy to see him.
Neither of us was.
"princess Celine, Iam your slave, here to serve your will," he bowed respectfully, his gaze fixed on the floorsubmissive, obedient.
But that only enraged me further.
Without thinking, I strode forward, unsheathing my claws in pure hatred, and ripped half of his face apart.
I kicked him to the ground, hearing the sickening crack of his bones breaking, and from the boot I always carried, I pulled out my hidden dagger.
Then, like a madwoman, I stabbed himagain and againfinally releasing all the hatred, all the resentment that had been festering inside me.
---- Even after accepting my vampire side, I couldn let this go.
This was the man who had violated my mother...
and sealed my fate forever.
My erratic eyes saw nothing but a bloodied, pulpy mess beneath me.
My trembling hand still gripped the dagger, its blade soaked in crimson.
I didnt even know how he still bledif I had understood correctly, Zarek had turned him into nothing more than a puppet.
"He died recently.
My men hunted him down.
But I can assure you, he is feeling every ounce of the pain you're giving him," Zarek murmured, gripping my tense shoulders, pulling me up from the gore-stained floor, my body splattered with the blood that had created mine.
The heavy weight pressing against my chest had lightenedjust a little.
I spat on his mutilated body, disgusted, but with a dark sense of satisfaction, knowing that I had, at least in part, avenged my mother.
"Get up, you miserable bastard!" I commanded, and I watched as he struggled to rise.
His legs were fractured, his arms broken, one eye completely destroyed.
He couldn't even use the railing for support, yet he still tried to stand.
"Go downstairs.
I dont want to see your horrid face," I snarled, and for a fleeting moment, his dull eyes met mine.
###Chapter 298
---- Tloved him.
He was my mate.
But I knew exactly how selfish he could be.
Of course.
That little Selenia intrigues me.
Shes going to be very powerful.
I won't let that potential go to waste," he mused, his expression unreadable.
"How often do I get the satisfaction of watching a being as dark as me be born?" He whispered, and something about his sly, Machiavellian smile gave me a very bad feeling.
Poor Aldric and Valeria...
I think their daughter is about to become this familys next serial killer.
"Come to my world of madness!" he declared, making a gesture in the air.
T looked down in shock as the entire graveyard began to rumble and split apart.
A dark, bottomless abyss seemed to grin at us with sinister delight.
His grip tightened on my waist, and when he jumped, taking me with him, all I could do was cling to his chest.
The wind howled in my ears, my world plunging into darkness.
But with him by my side...
Nothing and no one could ever scare me again.
Never again.
---- Dragging his broken body, he began to crawl, disappearing into the castles shadows as he descended the stairs.
Who told you that you could walk down like a being with dignity? " Tstepped closer to him.
Seeing him like this awakened every murderous instinct he had passed down into my very genes.
"For what remains of your existence, until I take my last breath, you will learn how horrible it is to be forced to do something you dont want," I told him, my voice laced with disgust and cruel satisfaction.
"Throw yourself over the railing.
And every time I order you to come down, Woe to you if you use the stairs.
You are nothing but filth.
You were in life, and you will remain so in death." And I watched as, leaving a trail of blood, dragging his nearly severed limbs, he leaned over the stone railing and hurled himself over like a lifeless puppet.
A second later, I heard the dull thud of his body hitting the graveyard grounds.
"How did you know he was my father? I had never even seen him before," I asked Zarek, who grabbed my waist and turned me to ---- face him.
"I knew from the moment I met you," he said, pulling out a handkerchief and beginning to wipe the blood from my hands.
"Not all vampires have a spiritual presence inside them like Camilla.
Only one vampire lineage ever developed that abilitythe Nightwoods," he confessed while gently caressing my fingers, then wiping my face.
"We vampires simply have our inherent powers.
We're not like werewolves with a wolf spirit inside them.
However, the first Nightwood mated with a powerful sorceress, and their children were born with that inner personality, making them far more powerful," he explained, surprising me.
"So [had him tracked downdead or alivein the lands of the Nightwoods, which he ruled as a noble," his crimson eyes locked onto mine, but before he could say another word, I threw myself into his arms, kissing him passionately.
Clutching his shirt with clenched fists, biting his lips, sucking on his tongue with hunger, I wanted to fuse him into my very soul.
"Thank you..." "Never thank me, little one," he murmured against my lips, caressing my cheek.
"Nothing I do will ever be enough to show you how I truly feel, Celine.
Whatever you desirethe entire world, if you want it1 will lay it at your feet." "Dont you think youre being a bit too arrogant, my dear prince?" ---- I smiled at him lovingly, my chest radiating warmth.
"This world isnt yours to offer me." "If you wish, Ill challenge fate itself to give it to you," he whispered, lowering his head before capturing my lips once more.
Goddess, how I love this mancruel, bloodthirsty, obsessive, and only mine.
"Lets have some fun, my princess.
I promised you a good show, and we havent seen it yet," he said, gripping my waist and lifting me onto the balustrade.
The cold breeze made my black dress billow, my hair rising with the wind.
Narrowing my eyes, I gazed down at the vast lands of the castle and beyondthis kingdom, steeped in darkness and scars.
A few rays of sunlight pierced through the dense clouds and the perpetual mist that shrouded the Vampire Princes lands.
My black boots teetered on the edge of the precipice.
"Lets at least watch one act, because soon, theyll come looking for me," he stood beside me, his hand gripping my waist as he extended the other outward.
"Who's coming for you?" "Gabrielle.
Shes going to ask me to give my blood to her granddaughter.
The little one needs itshes weak.
And in the end, that pup is my bloodline," he said with such casual ease, I was stunned by how calmly he spoke about something so important.
"ant will you do it?" I asked, suddenly worried.
###Chapter 299
---- Well, alittle.
You won't sleep well tonight.
Do you want to go outside to get some air?" I brushed her hair back from her forehead, ready to lift her.
"No, no.
Take me to bed.
I want to sleep a little more." ---- 183, OUR LITTLE GIFT 8 MONTHS LATER...
ALDRIC Iwas reading over the latest agreements for the Nocturne Realm, seated in the library.
That was the official name proclaimed for the fusion of the two former kingdoms I now ruled.
1, who had never wanted any responsi upas King of everything.
lities to begin with, ended But for my queen and my little princess, I would chain myself to whatever was necessary.
Lowering my head, I pressed a kiss to the soft black hair of my mate, who dozed against my chest, sprawled along the plush sofa.
I set the papers aside and reached down to caress her now-large belly.
The moment was drawing near, and my connection with our daughter was growing stronger and stronger.
As soon as my fingers touched Valerias skin, I felt a flutter beneath my hand, pulling a smile from me.
"My beautiful pup, soon P'll meet you.
Your daddy is dying to see you and hold you in his arms." Textended the thought through our bond, and the movement ---- beneath my fingers intensified, stretching the skin of her belly in an odd way.
shh, lets let Mommy rest.
She works so hard to take care of you." Immediately, she stopped kicking and squirmingshe was already sucha good girl.
T sighed, noticing the dark circles under Valerias eyes.
This pregnancy had been anything but easy.
Much to my dismay, my blood alone hadnt been enough to nourish our pup because she was a Selenia.
Valeria had been weakened by not inheriting her mothers blood, and now, our daughter seemed doomed to the same fate.
I knew she was hiding something from methe way she avoided my gaze, the secret conversations with Gabrielle.
I waited for her confession, and when I found out we needed that arrogant vampire, it hit me like a punch to the gut.
But I swallowed my irritation because if it was for her well-being, I could endure anything.
Now, she no longer needed to take his blood once a monththe danger had passed.
Our baby had absorbed all that power, strengthening herself.
Now, all that was left was to wait for her safe arrival.
And at least his damn blood no longer left that stench in my home that I hated, "Did I sleep for too long?" Her drowsy, beautiful eyes fluttered open, gazing at me lazily.
###Chapter 300
---- Those eyesthe ones that ruined melooked at me dreamily through the dim space, while our breathing slowly steadied.
I pulled out of my mate, hearing her soft sighs, and helped her settle onto the bed.
"Did I hurt you?" I kissed her lips, my hand trailing down to her belly, damp with sweat.
---- She wrapped her arms around my neck, pressing kisses along my jaw, and though I hesitated slightly, I carried her in my arms toward our room.
Mmm...1 dont know.
This saving up energy thing during the day I'd seen it before.
But I figured that wasnt the case this time.
We had done it just last night.
-And yet, again that night, I was deliciously violated.
seek "Mmm..." [moaned as pleasure dragged me from deep sleep, caught between drowsiness and the sensations that made my body thrum.
Something was tormenting my cock, stroking up and down, making it hard, ready for action.
The bed shifted beneath me, and my hand instinctively reached to my side, searching for my mateshe wasnt there.
But then, a weight settled on my hips, and suddenly, my shaft was sliding into a soft, clenching heatwet, tight, massaging my entire length in just the way that drove me mad.
"vale..." I groaned, reaching out to grip her hips, her shadowed figure moving so sensually on top of me.
---- Her small hands pressed against my chest, and her swollen belly constantly brushed against my abdomen.
She moaned as she rode me, the bliss of being inside her setting my senses on fire.
My wolf rumbled with excitement, but I clenched my teeth, restraining my beastalways afraid of hurting her.
"Ssss, mmm, my lycan...
so good...
touch my breasts, touch me more...
Aahbh, Aldric..." she moaned lustfully, demanding as her hips rocked forward and back, plunging my length in and out of the honey of her pussy, ready to explode.
I brought my hands to her breasts, caressing them carefully, not squeezing too hard Between my fingers, milk trickledthe milk meant for my pup.
Thad tasted it more than once before.
Abh, fuck, baby..." I couldnt stop myself from thrusting up, gripping her hips to take control.
Her eyes were closed in ecstasy, her delicious lips parted, gasping for air, that expression of pure pleasure telling me she was about to reach her peak.
Iwas right at the edge of release, and when her pussy tightened, milking my cock like only she knew how, I came, roaring bestially, my wolfs canines bared.
I thrust up deep two or three more times, emptying my balls inside her, filling her, pleasing her.
###Chapter 301
---- I wiped the sweat from her furrowed brow, holding her against my chest, fumbling to adjust the pillows behind her back.
"Ttold you we shouldnt have overdone it...
Goddess, I dont know why 1 always give in to you, we shouldve" I was spiraling into panic when she let out a hoarse laugh against my chest.
"You think this is funny? Your recklessness?" I shook my head, settling her in place.
"Dont even try to hide it.
I know you're in pain." ---- 184.
IDON'T WANT TO LOSE YOU ALDRIC "No, you're always so gentle..." she teased.
"valeria, Im scared, love.
The other day, I thought something was seriously wrong with how out of breath you got." "It was just that position.
It felt like I was carrying tons of iron in my belly," she huffed, returning my kisses and caresses.
"And who was the one who wanted to be all theatrical?" I chuckled, remembering how she always dragged me into her madness and nearly gave me a heart attack.
"You loved it, dont even try to deny it." She patted my arm, and I could only shake my head in defeat.
I loved this woman to death.
"7'll get the basin to clean you up" "No." She stopped me, grabbing my hand.
"valeria..." "One more time...
Come on, dont be mean.
Arent you going to please your horny woman after shes been carrying your pup for months?" Her hand trailed down, wrapping around my cockmore in love with her than Iwas.
This Selenia only had to snap her fingers, and I was hard in seconds.
---- I knew it was the pregnancy hormones, but in this battle, my proud warrior had proven himself invinciblestanding at full attention at all hours, always ready for war.
"Goddess, give me patience...
Youre going to give birth to our daughter while 'm making love to you," I groaned.
But, as always, my Selenia ended up doing whatever she wanted with my body.
And it wasnt like I resisted too much.
I said it as a joke, but the next day, I almost wanted to slap myself for tempting fate.
ad "vale, whats wrong? Are you in pain? What?!" I grabbed her arm as she doubled over, a grimace of pain crossing her face.
Through our bond, I felt her agony.
Thad just pulled her out of the tub after our bath when I saw more and more water flowing down her legs.
"stay calm, Aldric...
Dont panic, my love...
Call my mother and the housekeeper...
It looks likelooks like Im about to give birth to our pup." I scooped her up as she spoke through gritted teeth.
Tran to the bed, laying her down as gently as I could.
My hands were shaking I was more anxious than I had ever been in my life.
Baby, I already called them, theyre comingjust hold on."
###Chapter 302
---- T pulled the soft sheet over her naked body, glancing between her legs where everything was starting to change.
"something white is coming out...?" she asked, confused.
Ididnt understand, and like a complete idiot, I leaned in closer.
Her breathing turned uneven, and she clenched her teeth before speaking.
"T dont see anything white.
Open your legs moreValeria! What the hell is so funny?!" "y just hope that everything you left inside me last night got absorbed...
otherwise, imagine the embarrassment when they pull your daughter out." I froze.
What the fuck kind of joke was that?! And worst of allI actually started worrying for real! ---- "Come on, daughter! Youre almost there, Vale! Brielle, give her all your energy!" Gabrielle ordered, placing her hands on Valerias belly, drawing glowing runes over her skin.
I knew she was transferring all the power she could.
Theld Valeria against me, sitting behind her, supporting her.
Ready to give her my blood if she needed it.
Whispering words of encouragement.
Wiping the sweat from her brow.
Caressing her arms, her faceholding her through every push, every agonizing effort.
The scent of sweat and blood thickened in the air.
I watched as the bloodied cloths were changed between her trembling legs, while basins of steaming water were swapped out.
But thenmemories.
Memories of the death of my children clawed at my mind.
---- My mate and her damn antics.
I met her mischievous gazeshe was trying to show me she was okay.
"Twill bring our child safely into this world, my love.
Shes only the first of the many pups we'll have," she whispered, and I swallowed the knot in my throat.
I squeezed her hand, never once looking away from her deep eyes If [had to give my life for her a thousand times, I wouldwithout hesitation.
The bedroom door swung open, and Sasha entered, followed by Gabrielle and several maids who would assist with the birth.
Everything had been prepared for weeks.
Azarot paced anxiously, comforting his mate.
"We wish we could share all your pain...
take it upon ourselves instead of you.
But all we can do is hold your hand and swear" "We will never let go." seer "shes almost here, my queen! Just one more push!" Sasha urged.
"AAAHH, AAAAHHHH!" Valeria screamed, her voice raw with agony.
Dark energy exploded from her body like ethereal raven feathers scattering into the air, thick with magic.
###Chapter 303
---- "I promise to protect you with everything I have.
As long as your father has breath left in his lungs, nothingnothingwill ever harm you." I swore to her, my soul overflowing with love, holding them both against my chestmy treasures, the women of my life.
"Aldric...
what's wrong? Mom?" Valerias voice wavered with sudden anxiety.
I felt our pups distress through our bond.
---- 185, MY POWERFUL OFFSPRING ALDRIC "No, no...
My little girl will be fine.
Goddess, please...
Let my mate and my pup be safe." I begged, extending my bond toward my daughter, urging her to come into the world.
"Shes here! Shes out!" A cryloud and strongrose above Valerias painful screams, shaking our hearts.
I saw them wrap a tiny figure in soft white blankets.
Dark, jet- black hair peeked out, standing in stark contrast to her pale skin.
Your Majesties, here is your little princess.
Congratulations, my Queen," Valerias friendwho was now Daves mateapproached, cradling her in her arms 1 didnt know what to do.
My hands were sweating, trembling.
This felt so unreal.
"Thave no strength, Aldric...
Hold her against my chest," Valeria murmured weakly, her voice barely a whisper as they continued tending to her, cleaning between her legs.
Juliette gently passed me the bundle, and as I took her into my arms, the knot in my throat tightened my eyes burning red with unshed tears.
Carefully, I placed her against my mates chest.
---- "Baby, your parents have been dying to meet you...
Grandma is here too," Valeria whispered softly.
Gabrielle stood beside us, wiping away the silent tears rolling down her cheeks.
My eyes couldnt leave the tiny, wrinkled face.
Her little mouth quivered like she was about to cry but held back Valerias delicate fingers brushed the strands of black hair from her face with so much tenderness it made my heart ache.
aldric, touch her, love..." Vale could feel all my thoughtsmy longings and my fears.
My rough fingers hesitated, approaching slowly, as if I were about to touch the most delicate porcelain The instant my fingertip brushed against her soft-as-clouds cheek, my daughters eyes fluttered open.
And she gave us the most angelic gaze I had ever seen.
They're your eyes, love...
She has your eyes," Valeria whispered with a smile.
And we both stared, enchanted, at those huge silver-gray eyes that were now taking in the world.
My wolf howled euphorically inside me, pacing frantically, desperate to shiftto touch her himself.
To carry her on his back, to run through the forests, to traverse the entire world just for her.
###Chapter 304
---- She whimpered, eyes still shut.
Strange silver markings started appearing around her eyelashes, on her forehead.
"What's happening? Gabrielle!" I called out, just as nervous, sensing it had to be something about her race Her eyes..." Valeria murmured.
Iooked down at our daughter as she opened them again.
This time, they were no longer gray.
They were pure, brilliant whiteentirely silver, with no iris.
"Help mea little.
Housekeeper, place her in my arms.
Theres nothing wrong, my child.
Calm down, all of youA Selenia has entered the world, and that is something special," Gabrielle reassured us as Sasha carefully took her from my arms.
I debated whether to get up and follow, but I couldnt leave Valeria aloneshe was still so weak.
She needed to be fed now.
"she knows what shes doing.
Lets trust my mother," Valeria squeezed my hand, but I couldnt take my eyes off them.
---- silver power.
Her cries merged with the prayers and chants resonating in the air.
Everything unfolding before my eyes was incredibleso magical it stole my breath away.
The lycan power in my veins roareda call from our Creator.
suddenly, stars began to fall from the heavenslike a celestial rain celebrating my daughters arrival.
A powerful Selenia had been born.
And the full moon loomed directly over my palace, blessing her birth.
I couldnt stop myself.
Tilting my head back, I let out a deep, primal howlone that reverberated from my chest, echoing into the night.
And one by one, my entire race answered.
My lineage Their princess had been born.
"sigrid...
my pup...
I feel an overwhelming joy in my soul...
but also a deep, terrifying fear." "and Ican only hope that my power will be enoughenough to defy fate and save you from whatever plans the Goddess has for you ---- The doors to the massive terrace of our chamber opened, revealing the night outside.
When had it gotten so dark? Gabrielle stepped onto the edge, rocking the baby gently, and began to sing.
Her voicemelodic and etherealrose into the air, carried by the wind like a thread of light.
My heart pounded as I clung to Valeria, feeling her tears roll down her cheeks.
She closed her eyes and began to sing as wellwhispering words that were incomprehensible to me.
The women in the room fell to their knees, weeping.
1 felt a powerful presence near us like never before.
My senses expandedreaching across the castle, through the pack gathered below.
Quinn had dropped to his knees in the hallway, and everyone else followed.
They gazed at the sky, crying, praying, giving thanks.
The secret door had activated.
Celine and Zarek were on their way.
The light grew brighter and brighter as Gabrielle lifted our pup above her head, cradling her in both hands, bathed in a halo of,
###Chapter 305
---- learning his spellsso much that it nearly started another war with Aldric.
Reason? "Stealing the love of his mini Selenia." wait a minute!" Zarek suddenly stopped Rousse, something not adding up.
"Turn around.
Now." Rousses stiff posture made Zarek even more suspicious.
"W-What...
Whats wrong, My Lord?" "Tcant believe you, too, have betrayed me for that brat" Zarek didnt know whether to laugh or strangle someone.
"Come out." "p-Prince, what are you talking about...?" "T saidGET THE FUCK OUT.
NOW.
Or itll be worse later! I will seal this castle entirely from you!" Every day, the idea of having children seemed less and less appealing.
He had already had enough with Aldrics daughter.
A transparent shadow detached itself from Rousses back wearing a bored expression as she materialized beside him.
Rousse bowed his head, knowing this would have consequences.
---- 186, THE PLANS OF THE GODDESS 20 YEARS LATER...
NARRATOR "SIGRID!" Zareks thunderous voice echoed through the dark castle.
Celine, seated in the library, looked up with a smirk before returning to her book.
Who knew what trouble that girl had gotten herself into this time with her mates belongings? Sure enough, the Dark Prince was fuming as he stormed into his secret librarywhere he kept every kind of dark and forbidden sorcery book.
They were called forbidden for a reasonthe spells inside were dangerous, ominous, and came at a steep cost.
That was why he kept them hidden from certain unscrupulous little handsand that hyperactive brain.
"This time, I won't let it slide.
Sigrid, get the fuck out hereNOW! Zarek left the underground chamber, his mind scanning the entire palace.
But, as always, that menace of a Selenia waswithout a doubthis archnemesis.
The bane of his power.
The only one capable of hiding even within his own domain.
ROUSSE, GET OVER HERE!" he commanded, summoning his ---- commanderone of his most loyal undead servants.
"You were in charge of this area! I gave explicit orders that Sigrid was not to wander in here! HOW did she get into the forbidden library?!" His ruby-red eyes bore into Rousse, practically burning with fury.
"Y-Your Highness, I...
I stepped away for just a moment...
I was bringing this deer to the kitchen If Rousses pale, corpse-like skin could sweat, hed be drenched right now.
Zarek glared at the basket in his handsdripping with fresh blood, covered by a dark cloth.
of all times, you decided to play errand boy now? Did I order you to serve in the kitchen?" Rousse stammered.
This entire mess was clearly Sigrids doing.
And he had been the main trigger.
From the moment that Selenia was born, Zarek knew.
Maybe it was because she had consumed so much of his blood while in Valerias womb but dark magic had dominated her power.
Zarek would swear she was the reincarnation of the most powerful sorceresses of the past.
And to make things worse? She had always followed him around like a shadow, obsessed with
###Chapter 306
---- Short, jet-black hair brushed against her neck.
Sharp gray eyescunning as a fox.
Pale, flawless skin.
Rosy cheeks.
Plump, red lips.
A stunning beautyone who could charm you into giving her your soul...
only to shred it to pieces in her claws.
"You get more boring every day, Uncle Zarek." Sigrid huffed, raising an eyebrow.
This time, she had almost been caught.
But this ancient vampire mummy was still too sharp and too powerful.
what did she offer you for your betrayal?! Dont look away now TELL ME!" Zarek barked at his commander.
But instead of looking at him, Rousse glanced sideways at Sigrid.
This was the final straw.
Tio, dont be mad at Rouse..." Did I give you permission to speak?" Zarek cut her off, making the Selenia pout.
"Tell me." ---- Zarek narrowed his eyes at the basket in his commander's hands, He lifted the chunks of bloody meatand there it was.
His most precious spellbook.
Buried beneath all that waste.
He had nearly died stealing it from one of the most powerful witches to ever exist, And this brat wouldnt stop trying to snatch it from him just to study it.
"T swear, one day Ill turn you into the quietest corpse in existence.
Youre a damn copy of that cursed" "Electra! Yeah, yeah, your favorite witchI KNOW!" Sigrid shouted, finally fleeing before Zarek could continue his lecture.
She ran through the hallways she knew by heart.
This castleand the lycans castlehad both been her home since she was born.
The transfer door between them opened and closed countless times a daylike it was nothing.
No matter how much Zarek denied it, Sigrid was his favorite.
Just like she was everyones favorite The first child born among such powerful beings, and she had them all wrapped around her little finger.
Her biggest victim? ---- "My Lord, she...
well...
she was going to talk to Mousse on my behalf..." Zarek almost spat out his breakfast.
"DO YOU SEE WHAT YOU'RE DOING TO MY CREATIONS?! I WARNED YOU TO STOP GIVING MY UNDEAD FEELINGS! Now instead of being ruthless, heartless beings, theyre sighing in the hallways, falling in love!" "Whats next, Sigrid? Are they going to start having babies, too?! THEY'RE NOT YOUR DOLLS!" Sigrid barely listened, hearing the same old lecture from her ancient uncle and mentor.
?...
Magic is not a game...
blah, blah, blah...
How dare you give human emotions to the dead...
blah, blah...
Stop pouring your primordial spirit into beings and manipulating people like puppets ...blah, blah, blah...? "One day, youre going to enter someones inner world, and you won't be able to get out! And dont come crying to me when youre trapped! Are you even listening?" "Of course, Uncle! Can I go now? Love you!" Sigrid planted a loud kiss on his cheek and was already escaping.
where is the Book of Risorgimento?" Zareks voice stopped her cold.
"Pftwhere do you think?" Sigrid scoffed, rolling her eyes like a childeven though she was already nearly twenty years old.
###Chapter 307
---- He was seriously reconsidering whether he wanted more kids.
sob Sigrid ran deep into the woodsbeyond the castles borders before finally stopping to catch her breath.
Leaning against a tree, she exhaled sharply, then pulled out her prized loot to examine it.
---- But Sigrid always humored him.
"SIGRID, I SWEAR IM GOING TO SKIN YOU ALIVE!" A deafening roar echoed through the entire castle.
"Oh, nohe noticed," Sigrid muttered, quickly pulling out a few pages she had ripped from the book and stuffing them into the hidden pocket of her skirt.
"Daddy, stall him for me, will you? Pretty please?" Pup...
what exactly did you do this time?" Just do me this tiny favor, okay?" She covered him in kissespressing them all over his cheeks before dashing off again.
"Love you, my favorite redhead!" Aldric sighed as her short black hair disappeared through the castle doors.
This girl was going to turn his hair gray one of these days.
No matter how much he wanted to call her an angel, she was impossible.
Shaking his head, he watched as she boldly faced that snob Zarek then turned toward the packs castle.
He needed to get back to his mate and reassure her that she didnt need to worry about their troublesome daughter.
---- The massive red-haired warriornow striding through the castles grand hall with a murderous glare.
Until he saw his daughter racing toward him.
"DADDY!" Sigrid launched herself at Aldric with her entire bodyand despite his immense strength, he almost lost his balance from the impact.
"My little witch...
I shouldve known you'd be here.
Didnt we agree to go hunting this afternoon?" Aldric was jealous.
His little wolf pup was always more interested in that bloodsuckers cursed magic than doing actual werewolf things.
Did you come looking for me?" Sigrid grinned, her eyes identical to those of her beloved father.
"No.
Icame to...
talk to Quinn." A blatant lie Yes, he did have to speak with Quinn, but that was just an excuse to drag her back home.
"Well, Ill head back to the castle first and wait for you.
Then we can go howl at the moon." "Hey, dont mock your old man," Aldric grumbled.
He knew she wasnt really part of the lycans, despite how much he wished she was.
###Chapter 308
---- My boots created ripples on the waters surfaceit looked like a tranquil lake.
"Who are you?" I asked the empty air.
Above me, glistening constellations shiftedstars dancing across an endless sky.
"am your mother...
your creator.
And I need your help, my Selenia.
In your hands lies my redemptionthe key to correcting the past...
your present...
and the future." Js this the Calling?" My heart pounded erratically.
I thought...
I thought that with Grandma Gabrielles sacrifice, the Selenias would no longer be treated like lambs to the slaughter.
"Lets just say this is a special Callingone only you can fulfill.
And if you succeed...
it will be the last sacrifice of any of my children." Thesitated.
Silent.
Acertain someonewhose name started with Z and ended in K had once told me that the Goddess was a deceitful liar.
I will not force you...
but I will show you a glimpse of what is to come." And then I saw it.
All of it.
The blood.
The victims.
---- afternoon tea with Grandma right now.
smiling, I walked happily toward the old well.
No one used it anymoreit had dried up years ago.
Holding my bouquet of lilies, I whispered the incantation, swinging my leg over the edge before throwing myself into the voidjust as I had done countless times before.
Inever imagined that, at that exact moment, the sun would vanish completelyplunging the world into absolute darkness.
1 fell deep.
The shadows devoured me.
My legs should have touched gravel near the Black Lake by now.
Instead, they plunged into icy watera hungry beast that began swallowing me whole.
I struggled, kicking my legs and thrashing my arms, shocked, panicked.
Everything felt unreal, I called upon my magicsummoning every ounce of my Selenia power, roaring in my veins And nothing.
Nothing worked.
Water rushed into my mouth, bubbles escaping in bursts, my lungs burning in their desperate fight for oxygen.
I clutched my throat in terror, deaths icy claws creeping closer until light flooded my mind.
"Sigrid, my child..." Istood ina strange, brilliant place.
---- 187.
THE OTHER ME SIGRID "What is this? Oh, fuck" I huffed, staring at what I had grabbed in my rush.
Iwanted to smack myself.
They were blueprints for a magical artifactone that allowed you to enter someones dreams, leave messages, commands, or even torment them with their worst nightmares.
What am I supposed to do with this now? Sneak into Daves dream and mess with him for a bit?" I muttered, considering it but then discarded the thought with mild irritation.
All that effort for nothing.
He had let me read every single one of his booksexcept this one.
And curiosity was eating me alive What the hell was so forbidden about these writings? I walked toward the hidden well deep within the forestalways shrouded in dark mist, a place no one dared to enter, standing at the very edge of the palaces borders.
Years ago, I had created a teleportation spell hereone that allowed me to instantly travel to my fathers lands.
My eyes landed on a cluster of black lilies.
Mom loved them.
So, I started picking some for her.
She was probably having
###Chapter 309
---- Iooked downconfused, disoriented, Where...
where was I? All my senses froze As I finally saw what I was doing.
Through the cold, deadly water of the well I saw my own reflection.
My hands, submerged Holding a baby.
Drowning it.
---- eyes ina trance.
And therefloating before me A woman.
I didnt know her.
Yet, somehow...
She felt familiar.
T knew what I had to do.
The decision stood before me.
T took itfully aware of the risks...
fully aware that the Goddess was merely using me, just as she had used everyone.
But if there was even one possibility...
One chance that this future could become real I couldnt allow it.
I reached forward, grasping the womans hand.
And I unleashed my greatest spellthe one I had been born with.
I fused my spirit into her body.
I took control.
ee A babys cry snapped me back to reality.
Tinhaled deeply my lungs still gripped by the sensation of drowning.
My eyes burned from the blinding light as my senses slowly awakened.
What was that wretched sound? Why was something writhing in my numb hands? And then The crying stopped.
---- The darknessripping free after millennia of suppressed hatred and rage.
My parents.
My friends.
My family.
My realm.
All falling dying at the hands of Umbros.
Thad grown up in such a beautiful world, I had forgotten.
The war was already upon us.
"STOP IT! STOP! ENOUGH!" I screamed, clutching my head, desperate to block out the horrific images.
I couldnt I couldnt see their lifeless eyes.
I couldnt watch my mother clutching my fathers body.
WHAT DO YOU WANT FROM ME?! WHAT DO YOU NEED ME TO DO TO STOP THIS?!" I shouted into the nothingness, tears streaming down my face, a dull ache pounding in my chest.
Now...
I will tell you what I need from yo A silver bolt of lightning struck from the heavensplunging into my forehead.
My irises flashed white.
My short hair whipped around me in a storm of energy, my magical tattoos burning against my skin.
As the Goddesss mission poured into my memory, I opened my
###Chapter 310
---- This child was cursed.
Thats why she had been drowning it in the well.
This baby...
was the offspring of an elemental man and a witch.
But according to the memories of this body I now inhabited, some births.
---- 188, ELECTRA DE LA CROIX SIGRID The scream lodged in my throat, my eyes nearly bulging out of their sockets as my trembling hands lifted the poor creature, barely clinging to life.
Its pale skin was covered in horrible black markings, like cursed patterns crawling across its tiny frameeven its face was tainted.
It didnt cry.
I could feel its weak little heart faltering, barely beating.
Then, it opened its mismatched eyesone of each colorstaring upat the bitch who had been drowning it in the well.
"My lady, is something wrong?" A voice behind me made my whole body seize up.
Twasnt alone.
Goddess, I had to play along, I had to become this vile womanbecause if they found me out, I was dead.
"Nothing is wrong, Grimm.
I'll finish quickly, go prepare the carriage." Itis already ready." "Then go check it again, or are you deaf?!" I snapped, channeling every ounce of contempt I could muster, praying the tremor in this unfamiliar voice would go unnoticed.
When I heard his footsteps retreat, I turned awaystanding in the ---- middle of this strange forest, where all the trees were black, twisted like the heart of this witch.
I walked fast, putting as much distance as possible between me and that death well, scanning my surroundings.
No one was there.
So, I did the only thing I could think of to save this poor, dying baby.
I tore open the long wool coat draped over me, then my black blouse, tucking the infant against my bare chest, desperately trying to infuse warmth into its rigid little body before sealing my coat shut around it.
"Hold on, baby.
For the Goddesss sake, hold on," I begged, moving deeper into the forest, searching for shelter, anything to keep it safe.
I couldnt be seen carrying this childno one could know I had saved it, 1 found a massive tree, its trunk hollowed out at the base.
With my free hand, I pushed aside the overgrown weeds, bracing myself in case some wild animal had made its home there.
But the animals...
they didnt seem to come here.
I expanded my sensesstill struggling to adjust to this woman's magicbut it seemed safe enough.
I sat on the dead leaves, whispering a healing incantation, breathing life into the baby.
When I heard its soft whimper, and its corpse-like skin took on a healthier tone, I sighed in relief.
###Chapter 311
---- Some were defective.
The power of supernatural beings was too strongand many babies born from unions with elementals couldnt survive it.
Some were born deformed.
Others simply died.
"Lm so sorry, little one," swallowed the lump in my throat, pressing a gentle kiss to the cursed marks on its forehead.
This child wouldnt live long.
But I would give it a chance.
I gazed at the skyat this horrific past the Goddess had thrown me into.
Thad to harden my heart.
If Iwanted everyone to believe I was truly her, I had to become this woman Electra De La Croix.
One of the most ruthless, bloodthirsty witches in history.
I cast a sleeping spell, easing the baby into a deep slumber, then hid it inside the hollowed tree trunk, sealing it with magical ---- velvet seats.
The wheels began to turn.
The whip cracked.
Through the dark gauze curtains, I discreetly watched the world outside.
We left the wild forests, passing through places I had never seen before.
In the distance, colonies of wooden and stone houses sat nestled in the hillssmoke curling from their chimneys.
We passed a vast lake, where fishermen worked their trade, casting massive nets from small wooden boats.
Wheat fields stretched for miles, the land dotted with crops, workers toiling under the sun to earn their livelihood.
I stared, mesmerized.
All these beings...hey were elementals.
Back when the world was filled with themwhen we, the supernatural beings, were the minority.
And yet...
We had enslaved them.
And in the end...
We wiped them all out.
---- protectionshoping Id get the chance to save it again.
eee "Where have you been, my lady?" On my rushed return, I was intercepted by the tall, sharp-eyed man who had been accompanying mehis name was Grimm.
"Do I need to explain my actions to you now? Lets leave this filthy place already," I snapped, mimicking her tone, digging into every ounce of disdain I had ever learned from Zarek.
"Forgive me, Lady Electra.
I was only concerned for your safety.
This area is dangerous.
The carriage is ready for departure." He bowed, and I strode past him without so much as a glance.
Bootlicking traitor.
This man was nothing but a spy for the head of the family The cruelest witch of them all.
My elder sister.
Morgana De La Croix.
1 followed the stone path, leading deeper into the twisted grove, feeling like thousands of unseen eyes were watching me.
But all I could hear was silence.
A sepulchral silence.
I stepped into a discreet black carriage, settling into the plush red
###Chapter 312
---- divided, and each of us had her own independent and private quarters.
I walked through the cold hallways, filled with ghastly decorations on the wallsmounted animal heads and antiques of all kinds.
Climbing the stairs to the highest tower, I entered Electras room.
Goddess...
the moment I shut the door, away from the eyes of the servants, slaves, or whatever they were, I let myself fall onto the massive canopy bed, sighing deeply.
Thope I did the right thing, Mom, Dad...
How worried must they be? Where could my real physical body be? They must be desperate.
Mom will cry her heart out, and Dad...
I dont know if I made this decision too impulsively.
The thoughts swirled in my soul, but I forcibly calmed myself because this woman was a powerful witch.
If L let my guard down even alittle, if I lost control, she could imprison me and take back her body.
I stood up and walked step by step toward a full-length mirror in the corner.
When I looked at my reflection, I was stunned.
short hair, just like mine, brushing her neck, black with fine silver highlights, and cruel green eyes staring back at me.
Her features were eerily similar to mine, and I recalled hearing this name too many times before.
---- 189, DEFECTIVE CHILDREN SIGRID The carriage came to a stop, and I heard Grimm greeting some men, followed by the sound of iron gates opening, and then we were on the move again.
I pulled back the curtain with my finger, where a massive emerald ring gleamed, and immediately, the guards lowered their heads in respect.
We passed through mighty walls that granted access to a city filled with villas, stone, and wooden houses.
The streets buzzed with life, the aroma of food mingling with the shouts of merchants calling out their wares in the market.
All the cultivated fields and everything within these walls belonged to the fief of the De La Croix family of sorceresses.
Three sisters: the eldest and current head of the castle, Morgana De La Croix; the middle one, Drusilla De La Croix; and the youngest, the woman whose consciousness I kept imprisoned while I occupied her body with my primordial spiritElectra De La Croix.
"T want to rest.
No one is to disturb me." T gave my orders and moved forward, following the memories, crossing the outer courtyard where we had stopped, and passing through the enormous entrance doors into my domain, The only good thing about all this was that the castle was well-
###Chapter 313
---- 1 failed again?" She paced anxiously around the room.
"Well, just try again with another elemental.
Damn it, getting pregnant for a witch isnt easy, and strong elementals arent just lying around waiting!" She kept rambling while I practically bathed myself in cold water, splashing it on my face to keep from slapping her.
That baby Electra had agreed to get rid of was Drusillas child just another number on her list of defective babies.
She didnt want Morgana to find out about her latest failure.
"Eine, I did you the favor.
Now it's your problem how you explain this to Morgana." I finally stepped out, drying my face and hands Thank you, thank you, sister...
ll say it was stillborn.
I won't mention you, dont worry." "You better not.
And dont thank me, Drusillathis wont come cheap." I stared at her, not having to fake my bad temper at all.
---- Uncle Zarek always said itthat I looked like this witch.
"Wait! If I'm in the past...
then I can meet him here too?" The thought filled me with excitement, but a sudden, hurried knock at the door made me jump in fright.
"T ordered not to be disturbed!" "sister, its me, open up." A nervous voice came from the other side, and I tensed with fear.
I recognized itit was Drusilla, the middle sister, the weakest of the three.
I wiped the sweat from my hands, clenching them to hide my nervousness.
Drusilla might have been the least powerful, but she wasnt stupid.
This would be my first real test.
Swallowing hard, I took a deep breath before opening the door.
A tall woman swept past me like a gust of wind.
"You did it, Electra? Hey, close the door! You know the castle has ears everywhere!" she urged me, and I obeyed, turning to face her panicked green eyes.
"What do you take me for? Im not a coward like you," I said, walking toward the bathroom and turning on the cold water faucet to mask my rage.
"Good thing I came in time.
Can you imagine if Morgana finds out
###Chapter 314
---- 190.
SAVING A STRANGER SIGRID "Yeah, yeah, I know.
By the Goddess, youre so cold.
I thought being the youngest, you'd be sweeter," she muttered, speaking hastily.
"Now I know why you're Morganas favorite.
You might as well be her daughter." are you going to spend the entire afternoon babbling nonsense, orare you leaving my room already?" "1m going, I'm going.
Ugh, such a bad temper.
I owe you one." She finally left, leaving behind a trail of that sickly sweet perfume she always wore, her long black hair swaying down her back.
She was beautiful, like nearly all supernatural beings, but a woman who spoke of her own children as disposable s could only have a rotten womb and an even more rotten heart.
Besides, Morgana was going to find outnot just because Grimm was her spy, but because Drusilla was terrible at everything, even lying.
Tsat on the bed, thinking about my mission.
I needed to plan my escape on my own.
The Goddess, as always, spoke in riddles.
My task was to find a special man, incredibly handsome, and save him from his cruel fate.
She hadnt specified who he was or where Id find him, only that I would know when the moment came.
But supposedly, he had the ---- ability to prevent future catastrophes.
I studied everything about Electras life and pulled a small notebook from a drawer to write down my ives using a secret code my father had taught meone that no one here knew.
Night fell over the castle.
I ordered dinner in my room.
had complete freedom unless Morgana summoned us to her quarters.
My time was my own.
I waited until it was past midnight.
Everyone was asleep.
Then I locked my room securely and summoned the magic of the natural elements.
I transformed into the cold mist of the night, floating through the air, drifting between the clouds and the wind.
I didnt have much time.
I didnt want to give explanations to anyone.
I flew over the cursed forest, spotted the dark well, and continued toward the tree where I had left the child.
My plan was to secretly take him to a village of elementals and have one of them care for him.
I took physical form near the place, my senses on high alert, scanning the area, There wasnt a soundnot even a whisper of wind.
Moving quickly, I reached the dark, twisted tree, removed the protections I had placed, and crouched down to uncover the hole.
My heart settled in its place the moment I saw the small bundle wrapped in leaves.
###Chapter 315
---- And I saw itthe slightest nod on his half-shadowed face.
He had chosen to live, no matter the consequences.
---- desperation.
He was dying.
My mind spun in frantic calculations.
He had seen me with the baby.
He knew my secret.
He could expose me.
And yet, I didnt even know this man.
The only thing I was sure of was that he was an elementalone a supernatural being had grown tired of playing with and had abandoned, nearly dead.
What to do, what to do? Thad an illegal baby in my arms, and now I was about to get myself into more trouble because of my damn soft heart.
"If I save you, you'll be my slave.
I'll chain you to me so you wont be able to tell anyone what happened here," I declared, my voice dominant.
For a moment, I saw hesitation in that eye, drowning in agony.
Twas telling him I would save himonly to trade one torment for another.
But it was the only way I could ensure his loyalty.
Icouldnt take such a dangerous risk, and I wouldnt treat him cruelly like Electra.
Before I left this world, if he proved to be a good man, I would set him free.
In fact, having an obedient slave to use in my plans was rather convenient.
His hand, on the verge of slipping away, made one last desperate effort, his filthy nails digging into the fabric of my sleeve.
---- "Baby, Im back as I promised," I whispered softly, lifting him from the dark hollow and cradling him in my arms, undoing the spell to wake him up.
At once, a pair of heterochromatic eyes blinked at me drowsily, and his tiny mouth began to tremble, on the verge of crying.
"No, no, dont cry, little one.
Youre going to be fine." His tiny nose sniffed at my chest.
He was hungry, I thought.
But there was nothing to eat here.
I needed to get him to the elemental village.
Tturned, ready to flee this place of deathwhen something grabbed my arm with a brutal grip, setting off all my alarms.
I clutched the baby tightly in one arm and tured, channeling all my power to defend myself from an attack that never came.
"Hel..p...
me..." I watched in horror as the bark of the tree seemed to be melting, the stench of rancid blood filling the air.
A dark, bloodied hand clung desperately to my arm.
Through the shadows, I saw him, despite his barely recognizable features.
Amanone of the condemnedleft to rot inside these trees, buried alive and waiting to die, becoming nourishment for the cursed plants.
He spat black blood from his mouth.
His fingers, slick with filth and blood, slipped against my skin, losing their grip.
He stared at me with one golden eye, filled with
###Chapter 316
---- unscarred skin left on his body.
Th-thank...
you...
my...
la..dy..." he trembled as he managed to sit, head bowed, naked, with his withered platinum hair falling over his shadowed features.
My mind raced frantically.
The babys whining was getting louder I couldnt stay here any longer.
"I need to take care of something urgent.
You will stay here, and if, you dare to run, Thave a tracking spell on youI will find you wherever you hide," I warned, slipping fully into my role as Electra He only nodded, still shivering, hugging his battered body.
With a sigh, I removed my heavy cloak.
Every day, I made more reckless decisions.
Liking dark magic was one thingbeing a heartless bitch was another.
I threw the cloak over his back, and it nearly swallowed him whole.
"Wait for me," I ordered before turning to retrieve the baby.
Summoning the mist, I melted into the shadows, traveling toward where I believed the nearest elemental village was.
od My boots landed on a dark alleyway.
Silence reigned in the small mountain village, its wooden houses simple yet warm.
According to Electras memories, supernatural beings still apparently "respected" the elementals.
---- alone made me shudder.
"Let him go, damn it, or I'll burn you down to your roots!" I summoned a ball of magical fire, bringing it close in fury to that demonic plant.
I saw its branches tremble, and immediately, it forcefully spat out the condemned man's body.
The trunk sealed itself shut once more, like a hungry mouth awaiting its next victim.
Texhaled, purging the toxic resin with magic.
"This is going to hurt a little, but youll feel better afterward," I told the limp body lying in a bloody puddle in the middle of, nowhere.
He didnt even whimper when I cast the purification spell on his skin, which sizzled as if it were burning.
The green healing flames seeped into his pores, washing away the residue of that substance those cursed plants used to consume elemental bodies.
Sweat dripped down my temples from the strain.
I was expending much more energy than expected, but after about five minutes, at least his body was only covered in wounds and his own bloodno more toxins.
Ugh, you'd better be a good slave after this, because you really made me work for it," I huffed, wondering for the hundredth time if this had been a good idea.
At last, he made an effort to sit up.
There was barely an inch of ---- 191, THE GOOD ELECTRA SIGRID At that moment, I was beyond grateful for my knowledge of black magic.
Even so, despite all the strange things I had witnessed, watching the trunk of that tree split open, with dark, tar-like blood oozing onto the ground from within, and the body of that man being " released" that was a scene that would be burned into my memory forever.
Half of his body tumbled out of the tree trunk, barely recognizable, his raw flesh exposed and slowly being devoured.
He tried to crawl forward using his arms, but he couldnt.
His legs were still trappedit seemed that cursed tree wouldnt let go of its meal so easily.
The slave clung to life.
Not a single sound escaped his lips despite the excruciating pain he had to be feeling, and something like admiration stirred in my chest.
Iplaced the baby on the soft grass, away from this horrific scene, and strode toward him with determination.
"Come on, dont make me waste my time and spells in vain," I urged him sharply, gripping his arms and yanking hard.
He was incredibly heavy, and that dark, toxic slime surrounding him was not only slippery but was also corroding my hands.
How must it feel to have that all over your body? The thought
###Chapter 317
---- her gaze, but the sadness in her eyes was unmistakable There were no other children in the houseperhaps they couldnt have their own.
Whatever the case, I had done my part.
Taking one last glance, I hurried away to deal with the other pressing matter.
One night.
That was all it took for my lazy, peaceful life to go to hell.
When I returned, that man was still right where I had left him.
---- draped over her shoulders, and immediately scooped the baby up as he began to cry.
As she pulled back the blanket, I saw the confusion and astonishment in her eyes.
I watched them like a hawkif I saw any sign they would harm him, I would take him elsewhere.
"Hes cursed.
This is the work of one of those whores..." "Clara," the man interrupted, glancing around the deserted street warily, though he couldnt see me.
The babys wails grew louder.
"He must be hungry, poor thing.
Come, lets get you some milk.
Theodor, go milk the cow," she instructed, carrying the baby inside.
The mans sharp eyes still searched the darkness, but eventually, he gave up and went inside, shutting the door.
I crept closer, peering through the cracks in the window.
Inside the rustic kitchen, the woman carefully examined the baby on the table.
"Clara, what are we going to do with him?" "What do you think? We're going to take care of him.
Im sure someone took pity on this poor child," she answered, cradling him.
"You know these children dont live long, dont you?" The man.
turned to her with a conflicted look.
"I know.
We'll try to make him happy while he lasts." She lowered ---- They had treaties, pacts, alliances that were supposedly beneficial to both sides, when in reality, the black market for these powerless beings had grown uncontrollably nearly an open secret.
Slavery was legal, but everyone could be a slave, even supernatural creatures.
Yet, the cages were filled with elementals.
They claimed they sold themselves to powerful patrons of their own free willblatant, shameless lies.
"Baby, I hope you have a good life, however long it lasts.
That you find some happiness." Tkissed his soft little cheek, the hideous black markings covering half his face like tattoos.
I wasnt sure if I could change the future, but at least I would save this innocent soul.
T wrapped him snugly in the blanket I had brought and placed him in front of the door of an elemental couple.
I didnt know why, but Electra had liked coming to these remote mountains, and she had memories of seeing kind people in this village.
I could only hope these people would show mercy.
Knock, knock, knock.
1 knocked firmly on the wooden door, then quickly concealed myself in the shadows when I heard voices and footsteps approaching.
Abearded man opened the door, looking around with a frown.
His eyes widened when he looked down and saw the child.
Js...
is that a baby?" A woman appeared behind him, a shawl
###Chapter 318
---- 192.
MARK OF SLAVERY SIGRID The night was advancing, and I needed to move quickly.
Carrying a baby while transformed into mist was one thing, but transporting a fully grown man was another.
I had to move him somewhere closer first.
"Can you walk? Hey" I crouched beside him, keeping my guard up in case he tried to attack me by surprise.
But when I grabbed his shoulder firmly, his body slumped backward, completely limphe had fainted.
For the love of the heavens.
Texhaled sharply, but every thought in my mind froze when I finally saw his uncovered face, now that his filthy hair had fallen away.
I clenched my fists as rage coursed through me.
His face was destroyed.
Covered in deep, gruesome wounds, scars, and worst of all, around his right eye, a massive blackened marklike a burnspanning part of his cheek and forehead.
What kind of cursed spell had they been experimenting with on this poor bastard? I covered him as best as I could with the cloak and conjured a fortification spell.
This would drain a lot of my magic, but there ---- was no other choice.
Thauled him onto my back, pulling the hood over him to conceal his face, and carried him through the eerie, mist-laden forest toward the nearest inn.
We must have looked like two lost souls wandering through the darkness of this sinister woodland.
seeb L arrived at a two-story inn on the roadside and knocked urgently.
Boom, boom, boom! "I'm coming, damn it!" I heard curses from inside, and soon, a burly man opened a small window hatch, squinting as he assessed us.
What brings you here at this hour?" "[ want your best room, food, and hot water." I lifted my face, altered by sorcery so he wouldnt recognize me, but he still realized I was a witch.
Of...
of course, my lady.
Forgive my rudeness." He immediately unlatched the wooden gate, looking slightly nervous, and ushered me into the old reception hall.
I didnt say muchonly what was necessary.
He eyed the bundle on my back curiously, but he wasnt foolish enough to pry.
Witches were feared.
You never knew which one might turn you into a toad for offending her.
###Chapter 319
---- I wasnt a prudeI had a secret lover once, one my mother hid from my fatherbut we never went all the way.
I had never mated with anyone, and honestly, I was far more interested in my magic than in romance.
"Come on, dont be so dramatic.
Just think of him as an undead test subject," I encouraged myself, lowering my palm to rest over his very sensitive groin.
Closing my eyes, I began to recite the ancient words to erase the brand.
Igritted my teeth, holding firm as Electras magic, fused with mine, clashed against the remnants of Lucrecias power.
My head spun, sweat beaded on my forehead, and my breaths came in harsh pants as magical currents reverberated around me, making the entire room levitate.
BAM! Everything crashed down with a deafening noisemy eyes flew open in shockjust as two hands seized my throat, on the verge of strangling me.
---- "My lady, ll wake the kitchen staff to prepare your dinner at once, and Ill fill the bathtub with hot water," he said obligingly.
I tossed him a gold coin, which he snatched up with greedy eyes.
"I trust you know how to keep your mouth shut.
No one is to.
bother us unless absolutely necessary." "Yes, yes, of course.
This attic room has no neighbors on either side.
Only...
my apologies, it has only one bed" "Its fine.
Now leave." He bowed and finally exited, shutting the door behind him.
Iwas exhausted, my back drenched in sweat, and I was panting from the relentless strain.
Approaching the bed, I sat down, and the weight on my back immediately slumped off.
"Lets just get this damn contract over with, or I wont be able to.
rest," I muttered, turning to position him properly and examine his body.
Ineeded to erase his previous owner's enslavement markif he still had itbefore I could place my own looked at his face, wounded and covered in grime.
Everything about him was a disaster, and now his blood had soaked into my hands as well.
I opened the cloak, searching the usual places, but I had forgotten these damn witches were anything but usual.
---- My eyes traveled down his chest, riddled with scars both old and fresh, patches of burns scattered across his skin.
He was talleasily over six foot fivewith lean, well-defined muscles.
I wasnt trying to look at him intimately, but my gaze drifted down his abdomenand lower.
His member was right there.
I tried not to focus on it, but something caught my attention.
On his right groin, dangerously close to his manhood, was a seared pentagram with an "L" at its center.
Thad seen that crest in the history booksit belonged to the Silver family of sorcerers.
So his former owner was Lucrecia Silver.
Goddess...
poor man.
That rapist went down in history as the one who had abused and murdered the most elementals in her time.
And worseher powers could rival, and perhaps even surpass, those of Morgana De La Croix.
There was no choice.
I had to erase this mark, or she could still track it in the future and drag me into serious trouble.
I thought about how to do it...
the problem was, I had to practically touch his damn cock to remove it! I sighed, forcing my eyes away from that thick, slumbering serpent.
###Chapter 320
---- It felt like I was keeping a sleeping tiger at my side.
"Damn it," I muttered under my breath but extended my hand again under his wary gaze.
After a few seconds of focus, struggling against the powerful spell Lucrecia had left behind, his skin began to smoke.
My short hair lifted along with the burst of magic that rippled through my body.
That wretched bitch had branded him with searing hot steel deeply, cruelly.
---- 193.
NOW YOU ARE MINE SIGRID That man had sat up and was attacking me, with a monstrous strength I had no idea where he was pulling from, given his condition.
1m...
removing...
the seal," I clawed at his wrists, fighting against the lack of oxygen, staring directly into that golden eye now burning with clouded, erratic fury.
Madness lurked in its depths.
"Dont...
touch me...
you damn..." he growled, his voice dripping with such visceral, bloodthirsty hatred that it sent shivers down my spine.
"Aagghh," I gasped, struggling against him.
His black nails dug deeper and deeper into my pale throat, darkness creeping into my vision, dizziness clouding my mind.
"T'm not...
her...
calm...
down...
I'm not...
Lucre...cia..." T realized he was confusing me with herthat the hatred he felt for his former mistress was fueling the last remnants of resistance inhis body.
Iwas going to have to attack himI could feel itbut I wasnt about to die for someone elses sins.
Just as I was about to summon flames in my hands, the pressure on my neck began to ease, little by little.
---- I started coughing the moment he finally let go, my fingers brushing over the bruises that would no doubt remain on my skin.
T kept my eyes on him the entire time as I regained my composure He just stared at me, lost, his hands shaking Looking into that dark eye, its iris completely black, an abyss with no end, would be enough to give me nightmares.
"Twas only removing her mark," I explained hoarsely.
"She wont know you escaped death." I gestured toward his groin, looking away, and at last, he understood.
Pmson he rasped, his voice low, guttural, twistedlike everything about him.
"You...
may punish me..." "I'm not going to punish you.
Just...
lie down, and as hard as it may be, try not to choke me again, or I will kill you," I warned him.
Obediently, he collapsed back onto the pillow.
"Lets get one thing straightIm not interested in you as...
as a sexual slave or anything like that," I clarified, sitting at the edge of the mattress.
"T just want a quiet, obedient servant.
But dont worryIll never ask you to do the things you were forced to do before." L explained, and he just remained silent.
I didnt know if he believed me or what he was thinking his ruined features watched me, calculating, waiting.
###Chapter 321
---- "When you’ve served your purpose, dont worryIll set you free.
I dont intend to keep you as my slave forever," I told him.
For a second, we both fell silent.
No one trusted anyone.
We all had our own plans.
Aknock at the door signaled that the innkeeper had arrived with our things.
"Cover yourself with the blanket," I instructed, heading to the entrance.
Tlet the innkeeper in, followed by two servants and a woman who began setting food on the table while the men filled the wooden tub with buckets of hot water.
"In the morning, bring breakfast and a basin of clean water.
Knock, leave it in the hallway, and dont wait for me to answer.
Unless I call for you, dont disturb us," I ordered, tossing him another coin.
If Electra had anything in excess, it was money.
I walked toward the steaming water and dipped my hand in, pouring healing magic into it.
"That food is yours, and so is the hot water.
Bathe and clean yourself up.
The wounds will sting, but bear with itits for healing.
I’ll come for you tomorrow.
Dont leave this room, and take your breakfast from the hallway." "Mine? I...
[can bathe...
with hot water?" he asked in disbelief, staring at the table and swallowing discreetly.
---- "My...
lady...
I can...
bathe with water from the stables and just eat the scraps..." he struggled to sit up.
"No.
Its for you.
Take it or leave itI dont care.
See you later," I said, turning my back and opening the small balcony door.
The night breeze made me sigh.
Being near that slave was suffocating he radiated such dense, dark energy, even for me.
I transformed into mist, pretending to leave, but instead, I remained hidden in the shadows outside, watching him.
---- This slave must have been special to her.
All the more reason to hide him well.
"Fucking witch," I panted, sweating profusely, feeling filthy all overbut there was still one last step.
I stretched out my other hand, placing it over an unscarred patch of skin on his chest.
I was going to carve Electras ownership seal onto him, just in case I needed to control him in the future.
I felt his body shudder.
He was afraidand I didnt blame him.
If they had marked him the first time like an animal..
"This isnt the same.
Its only temporary, and I" Im not that cruel"just hold still for a second." My palm glowed red against his chest for a brief moment.
I didnt even place that many restrictionsjust two very important ones.
Keeping his mouth shut about my secrets, and killing him instantly if necessary 
###Chapter 322
---- 194.
HIDDEN SECRETS SIGRID He looked abit lost, staring toward the balcony.
He tried to push himself up, but his body collapsed with a dull thud against the floor.
I wanted to go back and help himI didnt know why, but I felt such deep pity for him.
However, I couldnt.
Here, I wasnt Princess Sigrid.
I was Electra, the cruel witch.
No matter how much I had bewitched him, I couldnt trust anyone.
He dragged himself across the floor toward the table.
He had no strength to sit on the chair, so he yanked the tablecloth, sending all the food crashing onto the floor with the metallic clatter of plates.
Iwatched him devour the food desperately, barely chewing, like a wild animal fighting to survive.
For the first time, despite all the suffering he had endured since I met him, I saw tears falling from the only eye that still worked, his head bowed.
Goddess, how can you allow such evil against the very beings you loved so much? Wasnt it because of them that you longed to descend and witness their lives up close? For the first time, I felt ashamed to belong to the powerful.
---- Treturned to the castle just as dawn was breaking, I went straight into the bathtub, sinking my entire bodyhead and alland honestly, I fell asleep inside.
od Aknock on the bathroom door startled me awake.
"Lady Electra?" It was Grimm.
I hated when he entered my chambers like this.
"1’m coming out." I left the tub and threw on a robe, barefoot as I opened the door to find him standing near the entrance.
"Who told you to come in?" "My apologies, Your Ladyship." He lowered his head in false remorse.
"Icalled for you, but no one answered.
Given the hour, I was concerned something might have happened..." "What could happen to me inside the castle? Don’t enter my room again unless I’ve been missing for at least a week.
Do I look like 1 need you?" My voice was sharp.
"What do you want?" "Twas sent to inquire about the upcoming auction.
Here is your invitation." He handed me a sealed envelope, and I barely glanced at it.
"Fine.
Leave." I waved him off and watched him retreat.
###Chapter 323
Hunters and prey.
My black hair whipped in the wind as I rode across the plains, my lips parting in a fleeting smile. Far from home, trapped in a foreign body, my head constantly in danger, with no idea how to return or who I was supposed to save—I was terrified. That was the truth.
But I came from a lineage of iron-willed men and women. I would not disgrace my family.
I arrived at the inn after passing through a traveling market and left my horse in the stable. Stepping through the main entrance, I met the innkeeper’s astonished gaze and climbed the creaky stairs.
Knock, knock, knock.
I knocked on the door, but there was no answer.
"It’s me," I called. I could feel his presence inside—he hadn’t run. He was following my orders, and I liked that. Was he still unable to get up? I reached for the handle, but before I could turn it, he unlocked it from the inside.
As I examined the golden lettering, I pondered why Electra wanted to attend an auction. What was she after?
"Is it because of that?"
I stared at my reflection in the mirror, where cold, gleaming green eyes stared back at me. I pulled open my robe, revealing the nearly healed bruises on my neck. Electra also had dark secrets—a cellar filled with elemental slaves that I had to figure out how to free without raising suspicion.
It seemed this witch was infertile, but no one knew. She was willing to do anything to get pregnant and bear offspring—the ultimate obsession of supernatural beings in this era. That’s why she had no qualms about drowning Drusilla’s children out of pure envy.
"Fine, I’ll go—but only because it benefits me," I murmured, heading to the wardrobe to pick a dark, discreet, and comfortable outfit.
I would attend the auction, but I had my own agenda. I needed components to build the artifact I saw in the Book of Risorgimento. I prayed that it would work a miracle and allow me to communicate with my family.
"Is the horse saddled?" I asked the stablehand, eyeing the magnificent black steed Electra rode.
"Yes, my lady." The boy nodded.
Hiding my excitement, I mounted. My dark leather trousers fit snugly, and the heavy hood draped over my shoulders.
"My lady! Why didn’t you inform me you were leaving? Saddle my horse at once!"
"Don’t saddle anything. If I didn’t tell you, it’s because I don’t need you, Grimm. I think you’re overstepping your place."
I gripped the reins firmly, making the horse step forward. I halted beside him, and he stared at me, his dark eyes full of unreadable thoughts. I extended the riding crop and placed it under his chin, tilting his head up properly.
"Be careful. Just because I don’t crush a slithering snake under my heel doesn’t mean I can’t—do you understand?" I warned.
Electricity crackled from my fingertips, traveling through the crop until it met his skin, which reddened from the magical surge. Yet he endured it, lowering his gaze instead.
"I understand perfectly, Lady Electra," he gritted out.
"Hyah!"
I spurred the horse and galloped away from that oppressive castle.
I closed my eyes, taking a deep breath of the fresh forest air, listening to the rustling leaves, the birds, the distant sounds of life beyond the cursed walls I had just left behind.
###Chapter 324
----
195. SILAS
SIGRID
He had the blanket draped over his shoulders. He looked at me for
a second before lowering his head and stepping aside.
"Good, I see you’re at least standing," I said, stepping inside to
check that everything was in order.
"Put on these clothes and shoes I bought for you. I think they
should fit, but we can find more later if needed."
I tossed a leather bag onto the bed, filled with items from the
market, as I sat down on the small chair beside the round table.
T expected him to hide behind the wooden screen to change, but
instead, he simply dropped the blanket and stood completely
naked in the middle of the room.
limmediately averted my eyes.
Clearly, undressing wasn’t something that troubled him. He had
probably spent half his life like this.
I could hear the rustling of fabric as he dressed. He wasn’t
speaking, and neither was I. was getting bored.
“What’s your name? I’m Electra de la Croix," I introduced myself
at last.
"Thave no name... my lady," he answered, and I glanced at him for
a second, watching him struggle with the buttons of his black
shirt, nearly ripping them off in his clumsy attempts.
----
"Wait, wait, that’s not how you do it."
I stood up and reached out to fasten the loose shirt, making sure it
didn’t scrape against his wounded skin.
I took the opportunity to examine his condition—one simple
medicinal bath wouldn’t heal him.
"You—" I started, but when I lifted my gaze, I froze for a moment.
‘We were too close, and he was staring at me intensely.
1 immediately tooka step back, and he lowered his head, staring at
the floor.
"Pll try to heal you little by little. Pll call you... Silas," I said, not
wanting to dwell too much on the subject of names.
He nodded with his head still bowed, and then I remembered the
other thing I had bought for him.
"Silas, wear this—it’s the best option," I said, pulling out a
wooden mask, carved from ebony.
It had only one hole, perfectly aligned with his good eye, while the
other remained covered.
"Thank you, my lady," he murmured, fastening it behind his now
slightly cleaner platinum hair.
The wounds on his face were the worst. I wasn’t sure if they would
ever fully heal.
“Alright, we’re leaving now. Let’s find you a horse—put on the
----
cloak."
"My lady, I... don’t know how to ride a horse..."
"Seriously?" I turned to look at him in surprise. His gaze shifted
away, as if embarrassed.
###Chapter 325
----
Thadn’t thought of that. Who didn’t know how to ride?
"Damn it, I keep making this harder for myself. Come on, my
troublesome Silas, I’ll have to take you with me," I sighed in
resignation, hearing his steady footsteps follow me
Honestly, I was amazed by his resilience. Yesterday, he had been on
the brink of death, and today, while not fully recovered, he wasn’t
doing too badly for an elemental.
"T’m vacating the room," I informed the innkeeper.
"You are always welcome, Your Ladyship, whenever you wish..." he
said with his usual false reverence.
Iwalked toward the stable, feeling slightly irritated, where they
were already bringing out my horse.
“alright, I’ll mount first, and this stablehand will help you up
"No, I... can do it myself," he replied, his voice low and serious.
I gestured for the stablehand to leave.
"You do realize you’ll have to touch me when you get on, right?" I
pointed out, even considering making him walk, but that was
impossible. The journey was too long—he’d arrive the day after
tomorrow if I waited for him.
----
think I can do it if it’s you, my lady," he confessed, though he
didn’t sound very convinced.
Tnodded and climbed onto the horse, taking the reins, then
extended my arm to him.
"Come on, get up."
He hesitated for a second, staring at my hand, his entire body
screaming resistance.
Iwas being more than patient. The real Electra would have already
cut his head off slowly and certainly wouldn’t have soiled her
precious hand with a slave’s
She would have been the one to feel repulsed at being touched by
this defective elemental.
At last, I felt his rough grip, his palm damp with sweat, trembling
slightly.
"Put your foot in the stirrup and push yourself up," I instructed.
He obeyed, succeeding after several attempts.
He was strong and intelligent.
‘The warmth of his body immediately pressed against my back. I
tried to shift forward as much as possible, but there was no way to
avoid my hips brushing against his lap.
“I won’t ride too fast, but you need to hold onto something, If you
don’t want to grab my waist, then hold onto the back of the seat,"
I told him, nudging the horse forward slightly.
----
His posture remained rigid, his hands apparently gripping the
leather saddle instead.
"Hold on tight. If you fall, you’re staying behind. Hah!"
1 flicked the reins, and the black stallion galloped through the
stable doors, heading toward the dirt road.
I wasn’t entirely sure where the auction was—only the name of the
city—so I was headed in that direction.
In my excitement over the open road and the pleasure of riding
such a magnificent animal, I forgot I had a companion as stiff as a
board clinging nervously to my back
‘The horse reared slightly when a fox darted out from the forest,
crossing our path. As I controlled the reins, two strong hands
suddenly seized my waist.
I said nothing and continued riding, but the sensation of a man
pressed so closely against me, his warm breath constantly fanning
the back of my neck, felt... strange.
###Chapter 326
----
196. UNDERGROUND AUCTIONS
SIGRID
arrived in the city of Valles, though, in truth, I had no real idea
where exactly I was in the realm.
So much had changed over time, and I was relying solely on
Electra’s memories to guide me.
"Where is the auction house?" I asked the guards at the city’s
entrance, and they gave me directions.
We navigated through the streets, weaving between carriages and
bustling crowds, until we trotted up to an enormous mansion set
apart from the noise.
"Ma’am, excuse me, but this is a private residence," two guards
stood watch at the tall iron gates.
"Dm an invited guest to today’s event," I said, extending the
invitation, which they inspected.
"and him?"
"He’s my slave. Any problem with that?" I raised a brow.
The horse fidgeted, restless from the long journey, and my
patience was wearing thin.
"No, no issue at all. Please proceed, Lady de la Croix. A stablehand
will guide you."
At last, the towering gates, wrapped in ivy, swung open to reveal a
----
beautiful garden.
"Follow me this way," the stablehand led me toward the back,
where more horses and carriages were being arranged in the
stables.
"I can handle it myself. Wait for me outside," I ordered, mustering
all the arrogance I could.
1 led the horse toward the stable front, but the way we were
positioned made it impossible for me to dismount properly.
“Are you trying to strangle me to death?" I turned as best as I
could.
My waist had gone completely numb from the iron grip that had
clamped around me the entire trip.
My gaze met Silas’s golden eye—we were close enough that I could
hear his heartbeat hammering against my back.
"My apologies, my lady," he lowered his head and finally released
me.
That had to be the most uncomfortable horse ride in history.
“Alright, let’s dismount," I instructed—and that turned into
another ordeal.
He almost toppled onto me, nearly crushing me like a biscuit as he
got down.
"Silas, my Silas, I should’ve named you Calamity," I huffed, finally
leading the horse into the stable and securing it. ""Let’s just get this
over with."
###Chapter 327
----
I rubbed my waist and back slightly as we walked into the mansion,
through the glamorous foyer, and down a discreet staircase
leading underground.
Down a dimly lit hallway, I could hear the hushed murmurs of
many people ahead.
We passed other guests, also cloaked in shadows.
T could feel the supernatural power in each of them—most were
women.
"This is your private box, my lady. Can I offer you anything else?"
‘The attendant pulled back a black curtain, gesturing toward the
interior.
"No, that will be all," I replied, stepping into the small space,
which held a comfortable armchair and a small table.
"ilas, stand by the curtain and keep watch—make sure no one
spies or tries to enter," I instructed, settling into my seat.
The entire atmosphere was drenched in secrecy and mystery.
‘Through the discreet curtains, I peered down from the high
balconies toward a small stage.
‘That was where the merchandise would be displayed.
Not everyone here could afford the exclusivity of these elevated
booths.
‘Through the dim lighting, I could make out the silhouettes of
those seated below, closer to the stage.
----
After awhile, just as boredom was setting in, the much
anticipated auction finally began.
The spotlights illuminated the stage, and the auctioneer kicked
things off with his usual crude jokes, discussing the lots and the
evening’s surprises.
Iwas prepared for the horrors I’d witness here, but then—after a
few artifacts had been presented—something happened that
changed everything.
“alright, you’re going to love this one," the auctioneer announced.
"Here we have some ancient lunar runes—extremely rare and
highly valuable for crafting dream-related artifacts. But..."
The room stirred with excitement over the runes. I had come for
them as well.
"Thighly advise you to spend your coins wisely because after this
item comes something... hmm... how should I put it? Something
delicious." He laughed lewdly, making a suggestive gesture.
The sound of wheels rolling over wood echoed as a massive round
structure was brought onto the stage.
However, it was completely covered by a red velvet cloth, though
even so, it was unmistakable—it concealed the shape of a person.
Ieaned forward, nearly at the edge of my seat.
For some reason, my heart started beating strangely.
My head felt light, and my eyes couldn’t tear away from the fabric,
as if trying to pierce through it, desperate to see what lay hidden
----
beneath.
"300,000 gold coins from bidder number 67! Anyone willing to
offer more for the lunar runes?" the auctioneer’s exclamation
snapped me out of my confused thoughts.
My foot pressed the pedal beneath my boot’s tip, and a light
flickered on in my private booth.
"300,100 gold coins from bidder number 23!""
Not even a second passed after my bid before number 67 raised the
stakes again.
###Chapter 328
----
197. SPECIAL ARTICLE
SIGRID
I pressed the pedal again, discreetly glancing toward the opposite
booth, where the red light flickered on the floor.
And so, we waged our silent bidding war. The other buyers had
withdrawn—the lunar runes were valuable, but their uses were
limited.
"500,000 gold coins for bidder number 67!"
"Damn it!" I muttered under my breath.
Electra had money—she could afford this—but withdrawing too
many coins from the family vaults would draw Morgana’s
attention.
My gaze kept drifting toward the red cloth, something about it
pulling me in. Whatever was behind it, I had to take it.
But if I spent too much now, I might not have enough to make a
bigger bid later.
“500,000 gold coins for the lunar runes—sold to bidder number
67!"
"This can’t be happening," I pinched the bridge of my nose.
Goddess, I hope losing this item—one I desperately needed—was
worth it.
"And now, one of tonight’s treasures! I know you’ve been waiting
----
for this—behold this beauty!"
He yanked the cloth away, and I swear I saw it fall in slow motion.
Just as I suspected, it was a man bound to a massive wooden wheel,
his arms and legs spread wide, strapped down with black leather
restraints.
Nothing was hidden from the depraved, lecherous eyes of the sick
perverts in attendance—he was completely naked.
His large blue eyes blinked rapidly, teary from the sudden exposure
to the bright stage lights, terror and panic swirling in their erratic
gaze.
He was stunningly beautiful—young, with flawless white skin, a
perfectly sculpted body, and masculine features.
Golden hair cascaded in soft waves down to his shoulders.
But despite his breathtaking beauty, every pore of his body
screamed innocence.
The perfect lamb, ready to be sacrificed and defiled by these vile
creatures.
"Ha! Now that’s the kind of excitement I love to see. The
enthusiasm in this room is palpable—and I don’t just mean that
figuratively."
Lascivious laughter erupted all around, along with more murmurs
of eager anticipation.
“and rest assured, we guarantee—this exquisite elemental is
completely untouched. So, where should we start the bidding?"
----
Thad to win.
###Chapter 329
----
Something in my chest demanded it, screamed that I could not let
him fall into anyone else’s hands.
My head pounded, my emotions spiraled out of control, and the
Goddess’s words echoed relentlessly in my mind.
There was no doubt. This was the man I had to save.
What connection did he have to the future?
Ididn’t know.
But she told me there would be signs, and what greater sign than
this—than this desperation, this overwhelming certainty?
‘And yet, my hope was crushed in an instant.
"2 million gold coins!" a commanding voice rang out from one of
the booths as its curtain was drawn open.
A woman stepped into the light—-breathtaking, mature, her
chestnut-brown hair cascading in soft curls down to her hips.
Her sharp olive-green eyes held a defiant gleam, her posture
exuding challenge, as if daring anyone to outbid her.
Who would dare surpass the obscene offer of Lucrecia Silver?
I clenched my teeth, my fingers digging into the armrests.
I didn’t have that much gold readily available—not without
requesting it from Morgana. And she would never approve such a
ridiculous sum for a mere slave.
----
Lucrecia was her father’s spoiled princess, which was why she
spent money like water.
Acold, murderous wind blew from behind me.
Damn it! I had forgotten about Silas!
My mind was split in too many directions at once, my gaze
flickering between the bound man on stage and my slave standing
far too still behind me.
I pressed a hand to my chest—I was losing control.
Electra fought harder than ever against the prison I had built for
her soul.
"Anyone else willing to outbid the lovely Lady Lucrecia Silver?"
The auctioneer taunted, despite the murmurs of protest and envy
rippling through the audience.
Few were willing to pay that much for an elemental, no matter how
exquisite he was.
"Step outside and wait for me discreetly," I turned to Silas—and as
Thad suspected, he had already moved, standing dangerously close
to the curtain’s edge.
He was staring at Lucrecia in a way that would send chills down
anyone’s spine.
"T said leave. I know what you want, but this is neither the time nor
the place," I stepped forward, blocking his line of sight.
----
We were nearly pressed together, whispering, his raw emotions
seething—pure hatred and rage pouring from him.
If we stayed like this any longer, Lucrecia would inevitably notice
this booth.
las," I grabbed his chin, forcing him to face me.
That single golden eye darted wildly, madness clawing its way to
the surface,
"Look at me. Just look at me."
I murmured, acting purely on instinct. His ragged breathing began
to steady, his pupils constricting until they locked onto mine.
Our breaths mingled, darkness swallowing us whole, shielding us
from the outside world.
"[ know you want revenge. I won’t stop you. But I didn’t pull you
from death just so you could throw yourself onto her platter like a
sacrificial lamb. This isn’t... your moment."
I whispered through gritted teeth.
###Chapter 330
----
198. LUCRECIA SILVER
SIGRID
"Sold! This magnificent slave now belongs to Lady Lucrecia Silver!
Tlooked down, sighing heavily at the man who was now in the
worst place imaginable.
“Ym leaving, my lady," Silas murmured, pulling my attention back
to him—only then did I realize how close we were.
1 immediately stepped back, not wanting to make him
uncomfortable
"Fine. Just don’t do anything reckless, please. Remember—I won’t
fall for your sake. If you screw up even alittle, I can kill you with a
snap of my fingers."
I threw in that last threat, afraid he might march straight toward
Lucrecia to attack her.
It would be like sending a pup to kill an adult lycan.
I watched him walk out, the darkness around him swirling like a
living thing. 1 had noticed it—his eye wasn’t just burned, it was
cursed.
Later, once I had earned his trust, I needed to ask exactly what that
dark energy coursing through his veins was.
He was an elemental—he shouldn’t be like this.
----
I sank back into my seat. I had lost everything —the runes, and the
man I was meant to save.
This was a disaster.
However, just as I was about to leave, I noticed that bidder 67—the
one who had taken the runes from me—was now desperately
bidding on another item.
I gambled everything on it and won the Pearls of Longing. They
were useless to me, but I hoped they were valuable enough to use
as leverage in a negotiation with the person in booth 67.
“Madam, if you’d follow me, you may collect your item."
At the end of the event, one of the attendants led me toward the
storage area
‘We descended a narrow staircase, and he unlocked the heavy steel
doors with a spell. Inside, several people were already present.
"Please wait a moment until it’s your turn. We have many items to
distribute."
“I understand," I replied coldly, my gaze sweeping toward the two
small desks at the far end, where winners were being called
forward to claim their purchases.
‘The space was enormous, packed with guests crowding around the
desks, while the area beyond was clearer—filled with crates, some
massive, forming a maze of corridors.
My instincts pushed me forward, slipping into the shadows,
weaving between the stacks. The murmurs grew distant.
###Chapter 331
----
And then—I saw him.
In the far corner, he was still there. The elemental man, still bound.
Drawn by an unexplainable pull, I moved toward him. He was no
longer hidden beneath the velvet cloth.
His damp blue eyes locked onto mine, filled with fear. From his
gagged mouth came nothing but muffled sobs.
Goddess, give me a sign—help me. How can I save him here and
now? If Lucrecia takes him.
"Magnificent, isn’t he?"
The sultry voice behind me made me flinch.
Thad been so focused on him that I hadn’t noticed her approach.
‘The scent of menthol smoke drifted into my nose, accompanied by
the oppressive aura of a very powerful witch.
"He certainly is. Would you sell him to me for double?" I turned,
bluffing, lifting my chin and facing the abominable Lucrecia.
She smirked mockingly, her full lips curling as she took a slow drag
from a black cigarette holder, her green-olive eyes gleaming with
superiority.
She strolled beside me in her high-heeled black leather boots, her
dress elegant—too glamorous for my taste.
Everything about her was black—even the heavy choker encrusted
with gleaming stones, and the delicate lace gloves covering her
----
fine hands
Her overpowering perfume nearly made me sneeze.
"Next time, I won’t just invite Morgana—I’ll send you an
invitation too, dear. I didn’t know you enjoyed such... carnal
pleasures."
Her tone was condescending, as if speaking to a child.
"Mmm, don’t cry, my precious blondie—we’re going to have so
much fun together.
I watched her step toward him.
With an almost affectionate touch, she gently wiped the tears from
his cheeks, like a lover would.
It only made him panic more—his sobs growing louder, his
shoulders shaking, his entire body trembling.
Lucrecia’s intoxicating beauty fooled no one—the malice in those
exotic eyes seeped from her very core.
"Oh, please—don’t tell me you’re one of those weak little
crybabies. Mmm, how I miss my rebellious white-haired pet."
I tensed at her words, hearing her sigh wistfully.
I prayed she wasn’t talking about the white-haired man I was
thinking of.
"What should I do with you? You’re not being obedient. I told you
to shut up!"
----
Without warning, she slapped him across the face—brutally.
‘The sudden shift in her demeanor left me stunned.
She was an absolute psychopath.
###Chapter 332
----
199. WE ONLY FAKE
SIGRID
‘The edges of her massive rings sliced into his cheeks, leaving
bloody streaks as the man struggled to obey her.
"That’s better. As a reward, it’s time to mark you—so everyone
knows you belong to me."
She spoke, and I tooka step forward, swallowing the lump in my
throat.
I clenched my teeth, feeling my facial muscles stiffen.
Rage coursed through my veins as I watched her lower the
cigarette holder and press it against the lower part of the man’s
body.
He started thrashing, screaming through the gag, his agony
unmistakable.
The stench of burning flesh instantly filled my senses.
Our eyes met—his wide, desperate, pleading.
?Save me, save me, please!?
I began unlocking my Selenia magic, which I had kept concealed to
avoid being discovered.
Iwas going to kill this bitch and rescue this important elemental—
this woman didn’t deserve to breathe another second.
My hand extended toward a sword, my fingers curling like claws,
----
aiming for her throat.
"Number 23, respond! Number 23!" The repeated call jolted me
back to reality.
My fury froze in my veins. I had told Silas that it wasn’t the time—
yet I was about to commit a reckless mistake.
Before Lucrecia could turn, sensing my murderous intent, I spun
on my heels and walked away briskly, desperate to get out of this
suffocating place.
Iwas underground, surrounded by powerful supernatural beings—
I wouldn’t make it out alive.
I wasn’t invincible. I needed a smarter plan.
"Madam, here is your item."
The man at the table handed me the small box containing the
Pearls of Longing.
I took it without much thought, but when number 67 was
mentioned, I finally noticed the hooded figure approaching.
They didn’t reveal their face.
‘They took the sealed parchment—the one I desperately needed —
and walked away in powerful strides
I decided to follow. I would ambush them somewhere discreet and
propose a trade.
No matter how well they tried to hide, I was a Selenia—I could feel
them. A very powerful vampire.
###Chapter 333
----
trailed them, slipping out of the mansion through the gate
restricted only for entry, not exit.
The dark night was my ally, my silent footsteps shadowing theirs
as they practically glided through the streets.
They were cautious, scanning their surroundings, but they
wouldn’t detect me.
Tbecame mist, drawing on more of my Selenia powers, blending
seamlessly into the air.
I watched as they stopped in front of a house’s iron fence. Their
hood shifted slightly back, revealing their face for mere seconds.
‘Those mesmerizing ruby eyes, that dark hair, sharp, handsome
features. I recognized him instantly.
Thad seen him countless times in an old family portrait. He was my
uncle Zarek’s father.
If he was here, then maybe... I felt a thrill of excitement.
Would I see Zarek? How old would he be? In this era, Umbros
didn’t yet exist as we knew it.
Something told me it wasn’t possible to find the Dark Prince yet,
but I would find out.
I would take the risk—I started to move forward, but a flash of
platinum hair in the alley beside the house caught my attention.
“What are you doing here?" I whispered into his ear, materializing
behind him.
----
“My lady," he turned immediately, and I expected him to look
startled.
But his expression remained neutral.
"T asked you a question, Silas," I stepped closer. "Why do you look
like you’re keeping watch?"
"My lady, something strange happened," he explained in hushed
tones, gesturing subtly.
“When Left, I crouched in a corner, waiting for you, But then, I
saw some strange men—they were looking for someone. I feared
they might try to rob you, so I followed them in this direction."*
“What? Some men?" I eyed him skeptically, sensing he was hiding
something,
T peeked discreetly down the dimly lit street. The old yellow
streetlamps barely illuminated anything.
But sure enough—at the corner, five men dressed in black moved
in a highly suspicious manner.
‘They were staring at some kind of tracking device in their hands,
and one of them pointed at the house beside the alley—the house
where the vampire had entered
‘They were after him. I needed to warn him. But how?
suddenly, they spread out, moving quickly. A thousand spells raced
through my mind—most of them ridiculous.
And then—my gaze met Silas’s, and the craziest and simplest idea
----
hit me.
"Silas, don’t get the wrong idea. We’re just pretending —I need a
distraction."
I didn’t waste time. I stepped toward him, pressing him against the
brick wall, gripping his hood, pulling him close.
I tousled my hair, even slipped one sleeve down to the brink of
exposing a breast.
Under the cover of shadows and heavy cloaks, I made it look like
‘we were committing something indecent in the alleyway.
###Chapter 334
----
200. WHO ARE YOU?
SIGRID
Silas tensed the moment I got close, his breathing growing
heavier, and I could hear the rapid hammering of his heart against
my chest.
He remained rigid in my grasp as I wrapped my arms around his
back, my face burying itself in his neck.
His hair tickled my nose, and that delicious citrus scent clung to
his skin—like a tree heavy with ripe oranges.
For some reason, I suddenly craved a juicy orange.
"Just a few seconds. We’re only pretending, Silas," I whispered,
slightly worried,
“Mmm, more... kiss me more..." My embarrassing moans echoed
in the silence of the street.
Goddess, I was so grateful for the darkness—I was embarrassing
myself.
"Mmm, touch me more there... faster..." I moaned against his neck.
Any second now, I expected Silas to shove me away, maybe even,
choke me, but he just stood there, still, tense, enduring my grasp
and my ridiculous wailing right in his ear.
Curious footsteps approached.
I spotted some metal trash bins nearby and kicked them over,
----
making a loud racket as I played the part of a woman being groped
ina dark alley—when in reality, I was the one taking advantage of
poor Silas.
Before they could step in and realize what a terrible actress I was, I
took my next step.
"You stupid slave! How dare you bite me?!"
I shoved him away abruptly, grabbing my neck in mock outrage. 1
raised my hand as if to strike him, but my eyes flicked toward the
shadow blocking the alley entrance.
"What’s going on here?"
"Who are you people?! Were you spying on us?!" I cut him off,
stepping back and pulling my hood tighter, feigning nervousness
Silas melted further into the darkness.
“My apologies, my lady," another man appeared —all of them were
sorcerers... and a vampire.
"Danger? Is that what they call voyeurism now? Did you enjoy
listening to me moan, you perverted bastard?!"
I threw a spell at them, enraged, forcing them to leap back and
blockit.
If, after all this commotion, my great-uncle didn’t react, then he
was either stupid... or deaf.
I stepped into the open street, summoning a magical whip and
lashing out wildly, buying myself time as they scrambled to dodge
my attacks, sputtering apologies.
###Chapter 335
----
‘This wasn’t unusual—witches were notorious for being volatile,
crazy bitches.
"Please, your ladyship, calm down! We are soldiers of the Royal
Family! Please, stop!"
At the mention of Royal Family, I did what any sane person would
—I stopped whipping them.
They showed me a golden insignia—the real one
"Fine! But get the hell out of my sight, you filthy perverts!" I
snapped the whip again, and their eyes lingered suspiciously on
the house behind me.
‘They exchanged glances—silent signals—annoyance and hidden
intent flashing in their expressions.
Maybe they didn’t believe me completely, but they left. I exhaled
sharply, nearly collapsing from the tension, my wrists sore.
Iwas terrible at playing the evil witch. I scanned the surroundings
‘They were really gone—for now. Something felt off. Why had they
given up their pursuit so easily?
I walked toward the darkened house, my senses on high alert.
Opening a window, I slipped inside, bracing for an attack that
never came.
"seems like he fled," I murmured, standing in the small parlor. "
Maybe that’s why they gave up so fast."
"Tt’s empty."
----
Silas’s voice came from the kitchen door.
"There’s a small window that leads to the alley."
He answered before I could even ask. Damn it.
T could have snuck in that way—warned him—instead of putting
on that ridiculous scene. Why hadn’t I searched more?
“Alright. Let’s go for now. We need to find a place to stay and
retrieve the horse," I muttered, avoiding his gaze.
‘We left through the same damn window that could have saved me
from this whole humiliating mess.
At least I had accomplished my goal—he had escaped.
I left a hidden spell behind. If he returned, I would know. He was.
supposed to meet someone.
So why were the Royal Family’s soldiers after him? That night, we
found an inn nearby.
Unfortunately, thanks to the auction and the city’s fairs, it was
packed. Only single rooms were available.
"T’ll step out so you can bathe," Silas said once we were settled in
the tiny room.
“No, no. I’ll hide behind the screen—don’t go out alone. Too many
sorcerers are lurking around. I don’t want anyone recognizing you.
Tt was well known that Lucrecia loved to flaunt her trophies.
----
Despite the scars and the mask, I feared someone might recognize
Silas.
"Alright. I... Pll stay in that corner. I won’t look," he mumbled,
lowering his head.
"Relax. I know you won’t," I replied.
Honestly, I trusted him. With everything he had been through, I
doubted he had any interest in sex.
I walked behind the waxed-paper screen, already stripping,
desperate to rid myself of the filth of the road and the exhaustion
pressing down on me.
seek
SILAS
Who was this woman—this woman pretending to be Electra de la
Croix?
###Chapter 336
----
201. WHY... I WANT YOU?
SILAS
“I can’t die, I can’t die, I can’t... die! I CAN’ DIE!!”
I screamed like a madman, raging as fury surged through my
veins, roaring inside my prison like the death row inmate I was.
Through this corrupted eye, I could see everything happening
outside that monster they called a “tree.”
‘Trees give life, and this was just another abomination created by
those damned beings—a slow, painful death, as if our lives of
slavery weren’t already enough of a hell.
“Pm sorry, baby,” I heard a soft voice when I had already given up.
T opened my cursed eye and saw her—a beautiful woman holding a
baby, her gaze full of weakness and compassion, her gentle coos,
her healing power reaching deep into my shattered soul.
She was a sorceress. I knew her once, in that mansion that’s been
my prison since I was practically a child.
I don’t remember her name, but I want to live. I have to live, no
matter what. I can’t die with this deep hatred burning my soul, so I
clung to her with everything I had.
“My name is Electra de la Croix,” she said. And yes, on the outside,
she looked like that other bitch, but nothing dark or magical
escaped this mutated eye.
Inside her, there were two energies—one turbulent and rancid, the
----
other calm and powerful, contained. And deep within, a hidden.
light gleamed.
Who are you?
You pretend to be ruthless and cruel, but I’ve seen that other part
of you. None of those women would care about a simple slave the
way you have cared about me
Iwant to hate you, despise you for what you represent. I’m going
to use you, pretend weakness, act submissive, lower your guard.
Youre my ticket to getting closer to Lucrecia. And yet... why is it
that every time you touch me, I don’t feel the same disgust I do
with everyone else?
Iwatched through the screen, the candlelight casting soft
shadows. She didn’t even hide well, and I could see the outline of
her body undressing.
Her breasts falling gently, the curve of her narrow waist, her
rounded hips, and toned legs.
She lifted her hands to gather her short hair, and I imagined the
color of her intimacy, the pink of her nipples, and that hidden
triangle between her legs. Her scent—what would her arousal
smell like?
Twanted to look away, but my body reacted like never before, my
breathing heavy. I didn’t want her to feel me watching, but my
obsessive eyes couldn’t pull away from that sorceress.
She slid into the tub, and I heard the soft moan of pleasure. I
remembered the sounds she faked in the alley.
###Chapter 337
----
Did she moan like that when she was being fucked?
I shook my head violently and lowered it, my hand covering my
deformed face as a twisted, crazed smile formed on my lips.
What kind of wicked seduction spell is this?
Did this woman perfect something to make slaves submit to her
more easily?
I can’t fall into her trap. She’s just another bitch I’ll kill once she
helps me achieve my suicidal goal.
I don’t care about dying, but I won’t leave this world without
Lucrecia Silver’s head in my hands.
That night, I lay on the floor with just a blanket, thinking about all
my next moves. I barely slept—sleep is a luxury I never had.
Sleeping means trust, and I don’t trust anyone.
“Mmm,” suddenly, a soft moan echoed in the room.
1 lifted my gaze to her. She had her back to me, lying on the small
bed, facing the wall. I thought maybe she was dreaming, but soon
the muffled murmurs grew more obvious.
I could see her through the darkness, the barely perceptible
movements of her hand between her legs.
I knew too much about sex not to understand what she was doing—
the subtle shift of the bed, the smell of sweat and something else...
intense, musky, and erotic.
----
I swallowed, just watching her back. If l understood this correctly,
she’d come to release herself with me at any moment.
My cock twitched and hardened at the thought.
I’m fucking sick in the head if I’m getting turned on by the idea of
being used like an again by this sorceress, whoever the hell
she is.
If she came to me, I’d fake it. It didn’t matter pretending one more
time.
I’d spent my whole life resisting, enduring, fighting, always with
the same outcome.
But she didn’t call me, didn’t use me.
Minutes passed, and her moans barely stayed hidden in the small
room. The movement of her hand was more than obvious as she
masturbated.
Her head shifted on the pillow, and her back arched stiffly, her
whole body trembling when she climaxed.
Why didn’t she come to me?
My own body was tense, breathing ragged, the wetness at the tip
of my hard cock soaking through my pants. I could’ve pleased her.
P’dbeen forced to learn how to drive women crazy with pleasure.
‘Then I remembered her anxiety, the longing in her eyes at the
auction.
Those beautiful, deep eyes weren’t looking at me.
----
She stared at that blond slave obsessively, even desperately trying
to buy him—she wanted him for herself.
T touched my ruined face, my body full of scars and abuse, used to
the point of exhaustion, filthy, vile.
Twas once a handsome young man—that’s why Lucrecia became
obsessed with me and dragged me away from my elemental
parents by force.
Now, I’m nothing but waste, filled with resentment and darkness
If she didn’t save me to abuse me, then... did she really do it out of
pity?
1 looked back at the bed, thousands of turbulent thoughts and
feelings stalking my crazed mind and shattered soul
Why do I feel so bad? Why does my chest hurt in such a strange
way?
Why does this cursed energy forced into my body want to claim
hers, to mix with hers?
What kind of wicked spell is making me crave your touch and want
to know more about you?
###Chapter 338
----
202, LOVE SPELL
SIGRID
“What the hell is happening to Electra’s body?!”
In the middle of the night, the temperature started to rise, burning
my skin all over.
It felt like a volcano erupting in my belly.
My nipples were sensitive, and my vulva kept contracting and
releasing juices nonstop; I was aroused, like a she-wolf in heat—
but this wasn’t even my real body!
What was going on?
“Damn pervert!” I screamed inside as I sifted through the mess of
her memories and realized what spell Electra had cast on herself.
She’d invented it to increase libido and fertility —basically, to fuck
like a bitch for days with her slaves and boost the chances of
getting pregnant.
Ttried to neutralize the desire running through my veins, but it
was overwhelming. I needed to release at least once, or I felt like
I’d die from the pain and cramps in my vagina, which was
screaming to be penetrated and filled with a man’s essence.
Istarted by touching my breasts, trying not to wake Silas, or I’d
die of embarrassment.
My hands began to massage them over the long shirt I was.
wearing, but it wasn’t enough.
----
“Mmmnn,” 1 bit my lower lip hard, pushing the fabric aside and
touching my breasts directly, pinching my hard nipples, twisting
them, and squeezing the tender flesh.
Imoved my thighs together, seeking friction, the folds contracting
and itching.
“Mmmm, lustful witch!” No matter how much I cursed her, I was
the intruder in her body.
My hand slithered down as if it had a life of its own, slipping inside
the dampened panties.
My fingers began to play with the tense clit, hissing and gasping
escaping my lips.
“Please, don’t let Silas hear me, don’t let him hear me,” I repeated,
but I couldn’t stop; my mind could only think about sex, about
pleasure.
T stroked between my swollen vaginal lips, up and down, coating
my fingers in sticky fluids, rubbing my clit fast, pressing and
pinching it, moving it everywhere with perverse delight.
A finger slid inside me, making me bury my face sideways into the
pillow.
My damp lashes fanned across my face, full of desire and sick lust.
“ahhh, sshhh, mmmm,” I started pumping in and out—one
finger, two fingers, three fingers like hooks, fast and slippery.
I fought not to thrust my pelvis forward, the pleasure building in
my belly, my vagina vibrating, air rushing out between my lips,
----
forcibly shut.
“Mmmmmm,” I trembled, holding back the rough moan as I
spilled between my legs.
###Chapter 339
----
My fingers kept masturbating me deeply until the last remnants of
the intense release were drained.
After a few seconds, I stared at the wall, trying to steady my
breathing
Sweat beaded on my forehead, and the loose shirt clung to me like
a second skin, soaked and damp.
I didn’t even want to extend my senses to check if Silas was awake
or asleep. Still, I felt an intense gaze burning into my back, but I
fought the urge to know—I was dying of shame.
I didn’t want him to think I was like all the others, but the truth
was, Electra wasn’t any different from the other perverted, horny
witches.
This effect hit once a month and lasted a few days, so my torment
was far from over.
‘The good thing was, it didn’t keep me like this all the time; there
were breaks, and then I wouldn’t know when this whore’s spell
would strike again.
At some point during the miserable night I had, I fell asleep from
exhaustion.
Thad to repeat the “masturbation ritual” like two more times.
Weird for me, I gave in completely, maybe trusting the protection
----
spell I always set around me before sleeping.
T opened my eyes well into the morning.
Tblinked sleepily at the wall with that ugly green-striped
wallpaper and rubbed my eyes, sitting up on my elbow.
My skin felt sticky, not to mention the “substances” between my
thighs.
I turned, grabbing the blanket, and looked at the floor—but Silas
wasn’t there.
Suddenly, I tensed up. Did he escape?
Twas about to scan my surroundings when the front door opened,
and he walked in with a tray covered by a cloth.
“silas, where did you go?”
“My lady, I’m sorry for disobeying, but I went to get some food for
when you woke up,” he said, placing the tray on the small table in
the corner and lowering his head.
For some reason, I was grateful he wasn’t looking me in the face.
My cheeks were burning from last night’s fiasco.
“alright, did you eat anything? How did you pay for breakfast?” I
started getting up—more than food, I needed a bath.
“T can’t eat before your ladyship, and the innkeeper gave me
breakfast to pay when we check out of the room.”
“I see. Take these coins, settle the debt, and ask for hot water for
my bath,” I searched in the saddlebag and held out a few copper
----
coins to him.
“My lady, I... I’ve already prepared your bath. I asked for the water
in the kitchen,” he replied, and 1 lifted my gaze to meet his golden
one, like thousands of suns melted in his iris.
He didn’t flinch or lower his head like always; he just held my gaze
with intensity.
I knew it. He knew what I did last night.
“J see,” this time, I was the one who turned my face away and
dodged his scrutiny. “Pay them anyway and be careful.”
I finally handed him the coins and watched him leave. I rushed like
an idiot to the tub and nearly dove in headfirst.
God, I’m such an idiot.
The real Electra wouldn’t act so shy about this. She was
uninhibited; for them, sex was just a game—lust ran through their
veins.
I scrubbed hard between my thighs, and just barely touching my
vulva, I felt like if I rubbed a little harder, I’d get horny again.
“Oh, Goddess, what have you gotten me into?”
###Chapter 340
----
203. CHANGING THE RULES
SIGRID
As I was buttoning up my pants, Silas returned, and I was grateful
he gave me my space.
“Everything alright out there? No trouble?” I asked, sitting at the
table.
“No, my lady. Most of the guests have already left or are still
asleep,” he replied, about to empty the water from the tub.
“Leave that for the innkeeper. Come eat; I was planning to stay
longer, but I can’t. We need to head back today,” I said, not
bothering to explain.
Iwas frustrated; I’d wasted money on something I wasn’t
interested in and couldn’t even see my great-uncle.
But I couldn’t stick around with this unusual situation in Electra’s
body.
“What are you waiting for?” I was spreading jelly on a slice of
bread when I turned my head and saw him standing beside me.
“... Pm waiting for you to finish so I can eat the leftovers,” he
answered like it was the most obvious thing in the world. But his
eyes kept darting toward the food, and I could see the ravenous
hunger in them.
Iwanted to huff in annoyance.
Honestly, following all these inhuman rules was exhausting.
----
“You can eat. You don’t need to wait for me to finish to pick at
leftovers. Come on, take whatever you want, there’s enough for
both of us,” I pointed at the bread with the tip of the knife, taking
abite from my slice.
Slowly, ahand with rough fingers covered in smalll scars reached
out for the bread and took a torn piece.
I thought he’d sit down and start eating —men are like bottomless
pits, and he clearly needed food.
His clothes hung loosely on him; still, he stood there like a statue,
just chewing in silence.
“What now? You’re making me nervous. Sit down already, come
on, I don’t have time to waste.”
“at the same table as your ladyship?” he asked, looking at me like
T’d grown two heads.
Right, that other rule—slaves don’t sit at the same table as their
masters.
“Yes, Silas, at the same table. Forget who we are for a second,
alright? There’s no one else here, and I’m in a hurry. If you pass.
out from hunger while riding, 1’ll leave you behind!”
I spoke sharply, trying to regain some of that bad-ass facade that
was slipping more and more each day.
In the end, he dragged the chair and sat down.
At first, he kept reaching for food while watching my reaction,
going so slow that I ended up serving him a plate stacked with
----
slices and pouring him a glass of milk.
Insilence, the only sounds were our chewing and the low growls of
his stomach devouring the food.
Despite the quiet, it wasn’t uncomfortable
Silas was a person full of darkness and hatred—I could feel it. But
I’ve always been drawn to the macabre, the strange, the shadows
everyone else rejects. They fascinate me.
ad
We gathered our things from the room and headed down to the
reception to pay for the night.
“Cover yourself well, despite the camouflage spell I cast on you,” I
warned, making sure his features were hidden under the cloak.
The place was full of guests coming and going, all kinds of
supernatural creatures.
Electra was a well-known figure, so when I saw a group of witches
coming down from the second floor, I grabbed Silas by the arm
and practically dragged us out to the stables where the horse was
waiting.
“Come on, Silas, get on,” I extended my hand, and this time, he
took it with more confidence.
He went straight for my waist, and holding the reins, I spurred the
black stallion into a gallop out of the stables toward the road.
‘The city hadn’t fully woken yet; the streets were less crowded, so
we made it through the gates quickly.
###Chapter 341
----
‘As soon as the cold air hit my face and the wild scent of the forest
and wheat fields filled my nose, I inhaled deeply.
Tneeded to calm my arousal; I dreaded when that volatile
sensation would strike again.
‘The worst part was the hot, strong body pressed against my back.
‘The first time, I hadn’t been so aware, but now I was.
Why did it feel like Silas was closer to me than before?
His hands were tightly wrapped around my waist, his chest
brushing against my spine, his warm breath falling on the nape of
my neck, and lower... his crotch was pressed intimately against my
ass.
Every time the horse moved, the friction became more noticeable.
My libido was playing tricks on me because I could feel him getting
hard.
That couldn’t be; he was just nervous about riding. He hated being
close and intimate with me.
“Damn horny Electra, I’m going to kill you for being such an
indecent slut, even if I am the one intruding in your body,” I
grumbled, urging the horse faster
When I fully occupied a being’s body and controlled it this
dominantly, I could feel absolutely everything —so vivid and real it
was like it was my own body.
Before, I thought it was an incredible, unique gift; now, it felt
Machiavellian and horrifying
----
“Silas, get off the horse and walk behind me like you’re following
me; it’s just a short stretch,” I ordered, looking at the looming
‘walls of the de la Croix estate on the horizon.
That’s how we did it, to avoid raising suspicion from others.
My horse led the way down the path flanked by vast farmlands.
Theld my head high with arrogance, riding through the enormous
entrance gates.
People stepped aside as I passed, bowing their heads in respect.
Some elemental families, minor witch clans, hybrids—even a few
vampires—sought the protection of the powerful de la Croix
family.
‘The realm wasn’t as safe as it seemed; there were power struggles
even among the same races and important clans.
The royal family had always been the Selenias from the very
beginning; it was said that the Goddess herself had made that
decree, but no one was happy with the arrangement.
However, power spoke loudest here, and the Selenias had
dominated the crown with their strength and influence.
Leaving the bustling city behind, I finally arrived at Electra’s home.
“Miss Electra, welcome back. You should have sent word so I could
make the preparations,” Grimm was at the mansion’s entrance.
----
“sure, you really look surprised to see me,” I replied sarcastically,
dismounting from the horse.
###Chapter 342
---- 204.
DON'T YOU DARE TOUCH HIM.
SIGRID As if I didnt know he'd been notified the moment I crossed through the gates.
J only wish to serve you with the best, my lady.
I wouldve had your rose bath ready and your favorite dinner, he bowed his head slightly, but his sharp eyes couldn't stop drifting to the companion behind my back.
Js he anew slave? he finally asked as I removed my gloves.
Yes.
I want him fed, given a good, comfortable room, and since you're so concerned, order my things to be prepared, I instructed, handing him the leather gloves.
Right away, Miss Electra, he bowed, but I saw his face shift to arrogance as he turned toward Silas.
You, come with me to the slave quarters! he barked at him.
I would give orders to improve the lives of Electras slaves, but I couldnt free them yet without raising suspicion.
At least theyd be spared this harpys harassment.
Silas would be better here than with Lucrecia.
He'd eat proper meals, sleep peacefully, and no one would force him into sex.
It was the best I could do for him until I could free him before I left, because Silas knew some of my secrets, and I was afraid he'd talk ---- Iwas heading straight to my room, but something pulled at me from behind, like a chain tied to my chesta gaze so intense it bordered on absolute madness.
Then I turned my head and saw him; he hadnt moved from his spot and was just watching me, watching me, watching me...
That golden eye seemed to say so many things, and I even glanced at the other side of the mask covering his cursed eye.
1 felt the weight of his darkness calling to me, insistently.
What do you think you're doing, looking your lady in the face?! Follow me to your place! He didnt obey Grimm.
He didnt take a single step, stubbornly standing exactly where Id left him.
Insolent!! SMACK.
[reacted to the loud slap across his face.
The mask fell to the ground, almost cracking, and a thin line of blood trickled from his mouth.
Yet Silas didnt movehe just kept staring into my eyes.
Damn deformed slave! stop! I shouted when Grimm raised his hand to strike him again.
The fact that hed hurt him made my blood boil.
Not even I had laid a finger on him, let alone him.
---- Driven by visceral rage, I gripped the whip, raised it with all my strength, and lashed Grimms faceonce, twice, three times like I was possessed.
M-My lady...
he clutched his face, now covered in bleeding wounds, staring at me in disbelief and shock.
Who the hell do you think you are to strike whats mine?! T roared, furious.
If I were in my own body, my wolf canines wouldve already shown.
T-1 was only doing my job...
Your job is to do what I tell you! To make sure my orders are followed, and I dont recall asking you to hit him! I stepped forward, pressing the tip of the whip against his chin, where blood dripped down, the powerful aura of a witch crushing his hybrid energy to the ground without mercy.
His body trembled imperceptibly.
1'm sick of you, Grimm.
Dont push your luck, or I'll rip your head off in one swift move, and no one will be able to save youI can assure you of that.
The vicious words hissed through my clenched teeth, his erratic eyes darting away from my murderous glare.
Crawl into your little hole like the rat you are, and I dont want to see you for a long time.
And if I hear youve whipped my slaves again, ll tear your arms off.
Now get lost!
###Chapter 343
---- I cracked the whip beside him, and he hurried off with quick steps, ---- My lady ordered me to show her my wounds, he responded calmly.
I didnt know if it was the filter of my desire, but his voice sounded in my earserotic, magnetic, and hoarse, like he was aroused too.
---- from the trip.
I felt like I hadnt had a minute of peace since I arrived in this horrible past.
show me your wounds.
Im going to heal you again.
Despite my exhaustion, I knew he hadnt fully recovered, and after such a hard journey, he must be weak.
Iwent into Electras massive bathroom, taking off my boots and slipping into a soft, loose dress, barefoot on the plush carpet, refreshing myself with some cold water from the faucet.
T walked out, distracted, head down, looking for some gauze and natural disinfectants.
When 1 lifted my gaze and walked toward Silas, I froze.
He was completely naked in the middle of the room, wearing nothing but the mask.
Unintentionally, my eyes drifted from his chest down to his firm abdomen, and from there to his semi-erect cock.
It was thick, with a dark pink tip, like a ripe, juicy strawberry delicious to put in my mouth and suck on.
A strawberry that tasted like orange.
What a crazy combination.
My mind spiraled, and my body started reacting, heating up because of the spell.
g-silas, w-what...
what are you doing? I forced my eyes up to his face.
---- but I saw how he cast a sideways glance at Silas, filled with deep, ravenous hatred.
Some might think the smartest thing would be to get rid of this spy, but if Ive learned anything, its that you keep your enemies close.
Better to control Grimm than to get rid of him and have Morgana assign another unknown spy to my side.
My chest rose and fell with the anger I was carrying.
T suddenly looked at Silass face; his expression, as always, was indecipherable to me Seeing the wound on his face ignited me.
It was nothing compared to the rest of his scars, but for some reason, I didnt want this man to suffer any more abuse.
Pick up your mask and come with me, I told him sharply, walking into the mansion, where two maids were already waiting with warm, damp towels to clean my hands.
Prepare one of the empty rooms at the base of my tower.
Bring hot water to my bath and to that room as well.
I also want dinner ready soon...
Istarted organizing my affairs.
After that scene with Grimm, I couldn t leave Silas in the slave quarters, or Grimm would find a way to get revenge.
Iwalked, my pale white tail following behind me, up the stairs to my room in the tower.
I opened the door and entered, exhausted
###Chapter 344
---- simple elemental.
---- Selenia magic without overdoing it.
Twas focused, crouched down, my loose dress revealing portions of my skin, thankful for the breeze slipping in from the balcony.
Iwas burning up, and the heat only grew as the afternoon wore on.
This whores spell seemed to intensify at night.
you can step forwahuh? 1 foolishly lifted my head when a shadow fell over me.
My eyes nearly popped out of their sockets when I saw what was right in front of my nose.
Silas was way too close to me, not even giving me a chance to stand up.
His cock hung there, thick and veiny, with that pink head tempting me like ripe fruit, ready to be tasted.
Leven swallowed; the lust spell churned in my veins.
That citrus scent overwhelmed my senses, saliva pooling in my mouth as I clicked my tongue against my teeth, struggling to contain my desires what...
what are you doing?...
Ugh! I reacted so dramatically I fell back heavily onto the floor.
My lady, are you alright? wait! Stay right there, I stopped him with my hand outstretched when he moved to touch me.
---- 205.
SOUL RESONANCE SIGRID Yes, but...
it wasnt necessary to get completely naked, I tried to regain the confidence I didnt feel.
Thave wounds all over my body, my lady, he responded, completely unfazed.
lifted my gaze to meet his.
As always, that golden eye never stopped observing my every move; some might find it unsettling.
But to me, it looked more like an abandoned puppy.
alright, but if you feel uncomfortable, you can cover your...
your parts, I said, walking toward him, my eyes on his chest, his damaged body.
I started focusing on all the whip scars and strange markings etched into his skin, likely from torture devices.
I sighed, standing there in front of Silas.
How could I even think of looking at him with lust, imagining all that hes suffered? This Electra was a pig.
Okay, stay right there.
Im going to draw some healing runes to treat you, I explained, kneeling on the floor.
I made a small cut on my index finger and started painting the ancient symbols with my blood, trying to infuse just a bit of my ---- Then I brought my hand to my face, pinching the bridge of my nose, just like my father used to.
Goddess, what is happening to me? Tneeded to regain control; I was seeing everything through the filter of this horny mind.
My lady, did you hurt yourself? His rough, low voice seeped into my ears.
No, no, Silas, just...
dont come at me like that so suddenly, I...
? Im about to devour you whole? I understand.
My body must disgust you.
what? I lifted my head to look at him, catching a glimpse of the storm brewing in his eyes as he moved to cover himself abit.
No, thats not it, Silas, not at all...
Thousands of words flooded my mind, ready to escape my lips, but none fit the character I was supposed to be playing.
Iwas Electra de la Croixa ruthless, selfish, arbitrary witch.
I was already acting weird enough.
Lets just focus on healing you, I decided to stay quiet and stood up.
Stay in the middle of the circle.
instructed, and he obeyed.
He was a tall man, and despite the abuse, his body, with its toned muscles, was healing at a speed that didnt seem normal for a
###Chapter 345
---- Could this be the resonance of magical souls? But how...
if Silas isnt even a sorcerer? ---- Maybe it was because of that strange magic flowing through his veins.
This healing session was also my chance to investigate that dark energy inside him.
Textended my hands close to his chest, Silas standing within the runes, and closed my eyes to start weaving enchantments.
In my mind, I visualized green threads of energy, threading them through his pores, penetrating the layers of skin, repairing the superficial wounds and tending to the deeper ones.
linsisted over and over, but the abuse was so extensive it was impossible to heal him in just one session.
Sweat pooled on my forehead, and the dark gown clung to me like a second skin.
My legs began to numb, but the worst came when the enchantment reached the area where the dark energy was most concentratedthat cursed, blinded eye.
The sorcery magic I siphoned from Electras body cautiously approached the dark energy swirling inside Silas.
Twanted to know what it wasit felt like a parasite inhabiting his body.
Who put this inside him? Lucrecia? Ithad to be.
But suddenly, things spiraled out of control.
---- That magic grabbed hold of the energy fibers I was using from Electra, started attacking her magic, trying to devour and consume it.
I wanted to pull back, but the energy inside Silas felt like a bottomless vortex, a whirlpool sucking all the life energy out of Electras body.
My head felt like it was about to explode, my chest ached horribly, and Electra fought inside her prison as her magic was drained.
Tcant let this continue! My breathing grew labored; I wanted to open my eyes, to tell him to stop, but I felt frozen in place.
Just a piece of meat being swallowed by that darkness.
If Electra dies, what will happen to me? I'll die too! Then I started to fight with my own strength.
I unleashed part of, the magic I had hiddenthe dark power inherited from my ancestors.
The Selenias had blood from werewolves, vampires, and witches, but one part always dominated over the others; I inherited the magic, and not just any magicit was also black magic.
The two powerful energies clashed and battled, fought fiercely, vibrant sparks likely flying around us, and then, all of a sudde calm.
I dont know how, but I went from absolute madness and desperation to an almost perfect harmony.
---- The cursed magic inside Silass body intertwined with my own magicnot Electras, which it rejected.
It felt as though both darknesses were caressing, recognizing, and claiming each other.
silas, I murmured, opening my trembling eyelids, exhausted, sweat pouring down my face.
My legs gave out for a second; Electras body wasnt as strong as.
my own.
1 fell forward into cold but protective arms that caught me.
My hands clung to his shoulders.
lifted my head and met that mysterious gaze, his face no longer hidden by the mask.
I stared straight into that bottomless abyss in his eye and felt like the abyss was staring right back at meintensely, obsessively, crazed, and dangerous.
But I wasnt afraid.
My magic, now fully under my control again, felt restless and stirred.
It wanted to try again; it wanted to merge once more with the madness, the pain, the darkness of this deeply wounded man.
Irested my head against his chest without speaking, just listening to the thundering beat of that powerful heart.
Just one second, Silas, please dont push me away.
I just need one second to think, to understand what mysteries you're hiding.
###Chapter 346
---- In the midst of my drowsiness, something cold began gliding over my arms.
I sighed in pleasure at the sensation traveling down my limbs and slipped into a state of hibernation.
seek SILAS I'mlosing my mind more and moretheres no other explanation for my actions.
Why did I want to stand naked in front of her? To show her what? My disgusting, mutilated body? Of course, she rejected me entirely.
Even though she was aroused, Tve been with enough women to notice.
These sorceresses use all kinds of perverted potions to fuck like animals with their slaves; she seemed trapped by something like that.
Then, why didnt she use me? And worse, why did I increasingly want to be used? She wanted to leave me behind, I saw it.
She was going to send me off with that man, to where her other slaves were.
Something strange stirred in my chestsomething dark and dangerous.
This time, I wouldnt obey.
I was ready to kill him.
I didnt want to be in another barrack; every part of me screamed to be...
with her.
---- 206, PLAYING THE FORBIDDEN SIGRID Twas suddenly lifted off the ground, clinging to his neck, my feet suspended in the air He walked toward the bed and gently laid me down.
Thank you.
Are you alright? For a moment, I completely lost track of my act and just was myself, at least for once.
Yes, my lady.
Thanks to your healing, I feel much better.
Are you in pain? His face was close to mine, my fevered skin burning again, desire swirling in my belly, clouding my senses.
Pm fine, Silas, it was just...
something strange.
I'll want to ask you some questions later, I said, my tongue heavy, my eyelids feeling like they weighed a ton Tay on the bed, but I was sticky all over; my discomfort was obvious.
He moved away, and I heard his footsteps.
Maybe he was leaving, I didnt know.
I could only think about sleeping and having countless orgasms...
I closed my eyes without meaning to; Electras energy was drained, wounded.
I needed to rest to restore it.
Damn witch, pretending to be strong but such a weakling.
Footsteps again, approaching the bed...
I think
###Chapter 347
---- sucking wetly, obscene sounds escaping my throat.
My tongue circled the delicious peak repeatedly, flicking it and sucking, desperate to draw the milk from within.
Quick moans spilled from her mouth, the scent of lust thickening in the air, her skin heating more and more, sticky with sweat.
she began to squirm, pressing her thighs togethershe wanted to be touched in her pussy, and I would.
Of course I would.
I slid my hand down and caressed her thigh, moving higher, along the inner side, while my mouth never stopped devouring her breasts ---- Is it because of that powerful magic shes hiding? Every time the curse inside me sees her, it wants to get closer, to devour her in a sick, possessive way.
She healed me in her room, eyes closed, but I was watching her essence, the real one, the one that interests me.
Who are you? Im dying to know.
My body vibrates when I touch you.
This thing that torments me all the time, that floods my mind with raw madness and torment, calmed with your magic.
When you entered my world of darkness, you were a blinding light, and now I want to cling to that warmth with everything I have, to that sensation, because for just a few seconds, I stopped feeling so much pain.
Mmm, her moan sent shivers straight to my cock.
I dipped the clean cloth into the basin and gently wiped the sweat from her small hands and arms.
Treached her chest and could see the outline of her breasts through the loose dress.
I wiped the exposed, pale curves and began unbuttoning the front of her dress.
My rough fingers grazed her soft skin discreetly.
Then, a dark nipple came into view.
The tip was erect and firm, ready to be sucked and licked, just how women loved it I swallowed for the first time, lost in a desire I'd never experienced ---- before.
Leaning over her weak body, drifting into restorative sleep, I was taking advantage of her.
What if I went further? What would it feel like? Would it be disgusting as always, or this time...
would it be different? My head lowered as if it had a mind of its own, and my mouth began kissing softly around her areola.
My nose inhaled the scent from her pores intoxicating sweat, and that intense aroma that reminded me of sweet lilies of the valley, of home.
Small, restrained kisses.
I feared shed wake and reject me; she didnt seem attracted to me that way.
My lips parted, and my tongue slid out to lick her, to taste her.
My breathing grew heavier, my whole body tense, hard.
Texpected the familiar churning in my stomach, the urge to vomit but it didnt come, and I drowned in the curiosity to taste her more.
Mmmm, no, no...
she moaned in her sleep, but this time, Iwas a very disobedient slave.
My hand slipped under the fabric and caressed her other breast.
My fingers toyed with the stiff nipple, pinching and groping, squeezing her flesh with force, with desire.
My mouth opened to take in the puckered, soft skin, my lips
###Chapter 348
---- 207.
INFERTILE SLAVE SILAS My fingers sank into the wet crease over the soft fabric of her panties.
I stroked her vulva up and down, pressing harder on that sensitive spot that shouldve driven her crazy.
She was soaked, needy.
gshh, ahhh, she arched her back, lost in her desire, her fists clenching the sheets, my entire body practically on top of hers on the bed.
I pushed the fabric aside and dove into the sin between her legs.
Soft and wet, slippery, trembling, delicious...
I toyed with her intimacy; my kisses trailed up her neck, where her moans vibrated against my lips.
Irubbed her clit, stretched it slightly, and ran my fingertip over it, moving it up and down; it hardened and throbbed under my vigorous touch.
More...
I felt her hand gripping my hair, and I closed my eyes, savoring her touch.
I wanted her to touch me too, to crave me, to have her lips melt against my skin, my cock...
my mouth.
I slid a finger inside her pussy, penetrating her slowly, feeling the quiver of her vaginal muscles.
---- Searching for the spot that would make her come faster, her body was so honest.
Her pussy sucked at me like a devouring flower.
T moved my finger, pumping in and out while my thumb worked her clit.
My reckless mouth climbed, kissing her until I reached her parted lips, panting and moaning with excitement.
I knew she was out of her mind; she didnt even bother to hide that essence living in her bodythat part of her that made me vibrate and crave her.
My half-closed eyes stared at her up close.
I wasnt okay either; I was suffocating inside a volcano about to erupt.
If she was enchanting me, it was the most twisted spell in the world because I didnt want to stop.
I slipped in another finger, masturbating her quickly, fucking her to the knuckles.
Her hips lifted off the bed against my hand; she was close.
Linhaled obsessively that sweet, wildflower scentit reminded me of home, reminded me of when I was happy.
I straddled her body, completely naked, trembling for the first time from wicked pleasure and unrestrained lust.
###Chapter 349
---- Beyond whatever binds me to this woman, shes also my ticket to revenge.
I couldnt let her discard me.
Tbrought both hands to my face and pressed my fingers into the burns and wounds, into the roughness of my scars.
A twisted, demented laugh escaped my chest.
It was easier when all I thought about was killing.
Now what do I do with all these unnecessary feelings? I got up and grabbed the cloth to clean the evidence of my desires.
There was another secret Id never tell her.
It used to please me so much, but now I despised it.
So many filthy, aggressive enchantments, so many experiments to make me more obedient, to keep me always hard, to make me cum moreit had all destroyed my body.
I dont remember much from the past as a prisoner, but that I would never forget.
I lost my worth in front of Lucrecia when she discovered Id never give her what she craved most.
The woman inside Electras body cant know...
she cant find out that Im nothing more than an infertile slave.
---- So many times that witch tried to steal my seed to get pregnant, and Id always denied herbut now, I was dying to give it to this stranger.
Her lips trembled against mine, breathing in each others air, sharing each others life.
I felt abit lost when I opened my eyes, starting to recover from that fall into the abyss.
I stared at her; her long, damp lashes fluttered, her cheeks flushed, black hair stuck to her forehead in beautiful swirls.
She was gorgeous.
They all claimed to be beautiful, but only she had drawn me in like thisand it wasnt just physical, that was the least of it.
It was what she made me feel in that place I thought was already rotten, soulless, and numb.
At least something was growing there: obsession.
Isat up and looked at the mess I'd made.
The cum on her pussy could be cleaned off, but the marks on her breasts, on her neck, the imprints of my hands and mouth...
would they fade? Would she be disgusted when she woke up? Would it repulse her that a deformed slave had taken advantage of her body? Suddenly, I started getting nervous about my impulsive actions.
---- I quickened the movements of my hand on her pussy, while the other slid down to my cock, dripping desire onto her belly.
I touched myself like never before; Id always resisted the lust potions and spells.
I preferred to endure the ache of a cock ready to burst rather than relieve myself, but this time, I couldnt take itit was unbearable.
I gripped it in a desperate fist; my rough hand slid up and down, up and down, my fingers plunged in and out of that delightful pussy, and my mouth devoured her neck, sucking and licking, feasting on her tits like an addict.
Her nails dug into my back, and a deep, guttural moan vibrated in her throat as she came from my touch.
I felt her trembling beneath me, our skins fused, damp, hot.
I lifted my head and breathed against her mouth, drinking in her moans and desperate breaths.
Mmmmm, I groaned, swallowing the overwhelming pleasure that shot down my spine to my abdomen and full balls The head of my cock rubbed against her slick petals as I jerked myself.
T pulled my fingers out and rubbed the tip against that slutty slit, feeling it twitch with pleasure.
I came so hard, streams of cum splattered between her legs, over her pussy, and across her soft belly.
Theld back with everything I had to keep from thrusting inside and spilling in her.
###Chapter 350
---- 208.
DON'T WANT TO HOLD ON TO YOU SIGRID What the hell was happening?! Twas asleep, not dead! Despite the exhaustion in this body, I could feel everything every touch, his cold lips kissing my feverish skin, his body vibrating against mine.
What is Silas doing to me?! Goddess, Im fighting to wake up, but I cant or maybe...
I dont want to.
His fingers, oh for heavens sake, what pleasure! Twant to scream at him to suck my breasts harder, to squeeze them more.
Hes driving me insane.
Thear his ragged breathing, his mouth over minewhy doesnt he kiss me? What do his kisses taste like? This spell is overwhelming, clouding my mind with raw lust, and it seems like its affecting Silas too.
Thats the only explanation for him to touch me like this when its obvious he hates sexual contact.
---- A soft cloth falls over my belly and between my legs.
With an almost reverent gentleness, he cleans my intimacy.
I dont understand, I swear I dont understand anything.
Thear his footsteps moving away, and I know hes gone to the bathroom to put things away.
I open my trembling lashes, my pupils contracting as they focus.
He covered me with the blanket, didnt do anything elsejust adjusted my clothes and went into the bathroom.
Is he bathing? Timagine him scrubbing his skin in disgust until its raw.
How do I face him? Even though he was the one who took advantage of my defenselessness, I fear that Electras perverse spell also affects the slaves, making them aroused.
I close my eyes, utterly exhausted by this insane situation.
Silas, Im sorry, but I dont regret itspell or not, this felt...
too good.
I start channeling my own magic, trying to see if I can remove this lewd enchantment from my veins.
I cant keep suffering through these episodes for days.
Not only is it impossible to erase, but Im shocked to discover something incredible.
---- No, no, dont stop, faster, Silas, like that...
mmm...
right there.
My magic is escaping from my body, reaching out for his darkness to darkness, pleasure to pleasure.
I'm shattering into a thousand pieces as a devastating orgasm tears through this body that isnt mine, but now it feels like it is.
My heart is racing, and when I feel the weight of his body on top of mine, that hardness rubbing between my petals, I can only open up more, rekindling my lust.
Enter me, please! I cant think straight, only visceral excitement roars in my veins.
I want Silas to penetrate me, to fuck me hard with that hot cock now brushing against me, torturing my slick entrance.
He groans against my neck, our magics in perfect harmony, but they crave moreso much morejust like I do.
The hot semen splashes on my legs; I feel it trickle, sticky, over my vulva, and I regret that he didnt fill me.
Icould open my eyes, I could face him, but I'd rather keep sleeping.
Im curiouswhat will he do? Will he vomit now that hes sober? Will he think I enchanted him like they always did to force him? Suddenly, I start to get nervous, my heat cooling, overthinking will he attack me now, thinking Im asleep?
###Chapter 351
---- The books never talked much about them.
Silas possesses a destructive, murderous, insane, violent magic yet despite its danger, Im irresistibly drawn to it, from the very first moment I met him.
seek Inthe end, I ended up falling asleep.
1 know he lurks nearby, but I couldnt fight the exhaustion.
I woke up to some knocks at the door.
Keep your voice down, my lady is sleeping.
What do you need? I heard his rough voice as I rubbed my sleepy eyes and sat up in bed.
I came to inform you that this invitation arrived from the central mansion, the maid said, and I tensed So much had happened that I'd forgotten about the closest danger Morgana.
My lady, should we wake her? Silas asked, closing the door and realizing I was already on my feet.
I sat back against the pillows, smoothing my hair, which probably looked like a birds nest.
No, its fine, Lets see what they sent, I said, extending my hand, and he passed me an envelope.
His fingers brushed against mine for a brief second, making my heart skip a beat, but I kept my face indifferent.
---- vampires.
During sex, similar magics complement and strengthen each other; its beneficial for both sorcerers to have sex.
However, there is a description of what it would be like to find your destined mate within sorcery.
When two magical souls resonate simultaneously same heartbeat, same strength, same vibe, darkness, light, healing, malice, or kindnesstheyre destined to call out to each other, to unite and never separate despite time and distance.
1 dont knowif that really exists, but it would be too crazy for me to find something impossible, in this time I dont even belong to.
In the middle of my turbulent thoughts, I hear his footsteps returning.
Without opening my eyes, I know hes watching me.
He always watches me like Im the hardest problem to solve in his life.
And hes the same for me because Im starting to suspect more and more crazy thingsI cant believe Silas is my magical soulmate.
How? If hes not even a supernatural being, and that curse inside him isnt even his...
or is it? What if Lucrecia didnt create it, and it came from himfrom his hatred and resentment toward her, toward our races, from his pent up violence, from his thirst for revenge? Can elementals even do that? ---- Dark strands of Silass magic have stayed in my body, intertwined with my own magic.
Iwant to separate them.
Why would someone elses magic want to merge with mine? Impossible, I murmur, sweating, struggling with myself; my own magic refuses, it attacks me every time I try to push Silass away.
Resonance of magical souls.
Again, that comes to mind.
I read it in an ancient book.
Its a term that basically defines a utopiaits a story for lovesick witches, or at least, thats what I thought.
The lycans bond with their destined mate through the chemistry of their link and compatible scents; vampires through the taste of blood.
For them, the most delicious essence is that of their mate.
Witches are the most complicatedor rather, the most liberal and dont believe much in love.
Magic is very fickle and unique, highly independent and so diverse that finding magic entirely compatible with yours is almost a miracle.
Generally, you can find another mage with energy similar to yours, sharing some common points, and then you bond as partners.
But its nothing like the intimate bond between werewolves or
###Chapter 352
---- There are things Id rather not dwell on, not even imagine, or I won't be able to leave this worldand I have a mission to complete.
see A few hours later, I walked elegantly dressed in black through the hallways of the massive central mansion, on my way to visit the biggest bitch in the De la Croix estate.
Morgana better not test me, or Id rip her head off sooner than planned.
---- I wasnt asleep anymore.
Now, I was Electra de la Croix, and the spell wasnt affecting us at this moment.
T opened the envelope and pulled out a note with elegant handwriting: Its been a while since youve visited.
Lets have dinner together.
Morgana.
I swallowed nervously.
This was what I had been avoiding, but now it was time to face the truth.
If Morgana didnt discover me, I could finally relaxbut what if she did? Td have to act fast, either escape or kill her.
lifted my gaze and met Silass deep, intense stare, standing right in front of me.
Always silent, always waiting, just watching me, but I also noticed his unease.
His eye drifted toward my neckline, nearly exposed by this overly loose gown, eyeing the marks from his passionate kisses.
He was probably expecting punishment.
Silas...
Yes, my lady.
His hands clenched at his sides, pressed against his pants.
---- I thought about how I needed to buy him more clothes.
Have them prepare a rose bath for me, I ordered, watching the internal struggle within him.
Nothing else, my lady? he asked tensely, the muscles in his jaw tightening.
Were you expecting something else? I looked at him without flinching.
He opened his mouth, then closed it, finally lowering his head.
> silas, I need to hurry.
Dont waste time thinking about unnecessary thingsjust do as I asked.
Yes, yes, my lady.
This slave can accompany you wherever youre going...
No, I'm going to see my sister, Morgana, I refused flatly.
limmediately felt the murderous intent radiating from his pores and saw his features harden.
He must know exactly who Morgana is.
I wont ask.
I dont want to know if she was one of Lucrecias guests who played with him, though I suspect she was.
The urge to wring those bitches necks overwhelms me.
Every time I think about it, my rage makes my control over Electra waver.
###Chapter 353
---- 209.
FAMILY DINNER SIGRID Electra! I heard Drusillas annoying screech behind me just as I'd stepped into the domain of the head witch.
With an irritated look, I turned to face her.
She was dressed in a beautiful burgundy gown, her hair pulled back into a long braid that swung down her back.
T thought I was late and Morgana would scold me, but if her favorite is still hanging around, then Im saved, she huffed, and immediately a man behind her dabbed her forehead with an embroidered white handkerchief.
He was a handsome elemental, youngtoo youngand even under his neat little suit, I could see the bruises on his wrists when he raised his hand to wipe her sweat.
She couldnt even wipe her own disgusting sweat.
Thats enough.
Get away from me, I want to speak with my sister, she snapped, shoving him aside and striding toward me, trying to grab my arm.
I spun around and left her standing there, disgust swirling in my stomach.
The real Electra was cold, and with these miserable bitches, I didnt even have to fake it.
As always, the ice queen, she huffed, trailing after me down this ---- hallway filled with carpets and massive portraits, with chandeliers anchored to the walls.
It all felt as suffocating as this entire world.
Ladies, Madam Morgana is expecting you, the butler said, bowing as two servants opened the grand dining room doors.
At least there was some space here, luxury and sophistication in every heavy curtain, painting, and ornament.
A giant table, fit for more than twenty people, stood in the center, and at its head, a woman awaited us.
She sipped her wine calmly, not even bothering to lift her head to greet us or offer a welcome.
Her black hair was streaked with thick strands of white, styled in an elaborate updo with wavy locks cascading over her shoulders and back.
Her face was round but strikingly beautiful.
She wore a low-cut black satin and lace dress with flowing sleeves, her massive breasts nearly spilling out.
Everything about her was grand, radiating power and dominance the matriarch of the De la Croix estate.
swallowing my murderous urges and tightly locking away my powers, I strode confidently toward Morgana.
sister, bowing before that woman nearly cost me my sanity, and when she extended her hand for me to kiss the ruby ring with our family crest, I almost vomited on her.
###Chapter 354
---- and you, dont think I dont know how useless you are! Morgana yanked her hand away from Drusillas lips with disgust.
sister, I dont know what you mean, II...
Drusilla shot me furtive glances, while I watched her from the corner of my eye, lazily pouring myself a glass of wine.
sit down and stop sniveling! Its pathetic that you send the girl to do your dirty work! Useless! she barked, and Drusilla, hiding her red eyes, sat across from me on the other side of the table.
Lovely family reunion.
Morgana clapped, and the servants entered with carts of food.
She and Drusilla began discussing swapping their slaves and trying anew fertility method to see if the babies wouldnt turn out defective.
Goddess, their obsession with perpetuating the bloodline was sickening.
I knew it was hard for supernatural beings to conceive, but this was downright deranged.
Electra was still considered the girl to Morgana because she thought her too youngstill in her phase of fooling around and fucking slaves left and right.
Playing and exploring sex without the pressure Drusilla faced to get pregnantbut that would change soon.
---- I took her plump hand and gave the customary family greeting, silently promising I'd make her pay for it later.
As I began to straighten, her long, red-nailed fingers brushed my chin, forcing me to lift my gaze.
Electras eyes met cold, pale green oneslike a sleeping serpent lurked inside those orbs.
She stared at me for a second, during which I held her scrutiny and braced myself.
I didnt think shed figured me out.
Since I entered this room, I'd been measuring her magic too, and I wasnt afraid.
you've changed, Electra.
You seem more...
mature.
Which reminds me, youre about to turn fifty, arent you? No promising young.
man has caught your eye? she asked, finally releasing me, and I remained standing at her side.
Not yet.
Im quite satisfied with my slaves, I replied, just as the real Electra would have.
For the first time, I was grateful this woman wasnt a bootlicker like Drusilla.
] see.
Though Ive heard about your peculiar tastes with slaves lately.
Well, as long as you're having fun and their manhood still worksmissing an arm, a leg, an eyeI suppose thats just part of your fetishes, she said dismissively, motioning for me to sit beside her.
Drusilla practically threw herself at Morganas boots, like the pathetic lapdog she was.
###Chapter 355
---- 210.
SISTER'S GIFTS SIGRID Electra, as I mentioned, I believe its time you start looking for a good match.
I received an invitation from Vlad Castle for a ball, Morgana said, fixing her attention on me.
I met her eyes, filled with cunning plans, as I ate my chicken.
My mind was racingthe Vlads, that was the house of my great- uncle.
Attending his party would be the perfect chance to find him.
will it be soon? Im in my sensitive days, I said bluntly.
Around here, everyone used those enchantments to be shameless sluts with an excuse.
Oh, no, no, dear, its in a few days.
But if you were feeling that way, you shouldve told mewe couldve dined another time.
['m fine now, dont worry, I shrugged as if it didnt matter.
TIL go when the time comes.
She nodded, pleased.
Relationships between supernatural species were complicated in this era; most were related in some way, and more than one scandalous marriage had occurred.
Also, because of how hard it was to conceive, being married didnt eliminate elemental sex slavesin fact, couples often shared them as if it were normal.
Where was true love and the destined bond? One for one? I doubted ---- many here truly loved each other.
are your slaves satisfying you? I could lend you some of mine.
Is that new one any good in bed, despite his features? she asked, frowning slightly.
Obviously, Grimm had already reported back to her.
T didnt know you had a thing for the weirdos, Electra, Drusilla snickered, looking at me with sarcasm.
He's good in bed and hes got a big one, unlike your last vampire husband that you killed.
I heard he had a little peanut down there.
Is that why he turned up poisoned? I speared a grape with my fork, thoroughly enjoying watching her face turn all shades of red.
Respect your sister! Morgana! How can you let her talk to me like that? I rolled my eyes.
Morgana wasnt going to scold meshe was barely hiding a laugh behind her wine glass.
At least Ive been pregnant four times! How many times have you? she snapped, standing up and tossing her napkin on the table, furious and humiliated.
Thats enough, Drusilla! Morgana slammed her hand on the wood, making all the plates rattle.
You always have to make a damn scene! Leave Electra alone shes young, shell get to that soon.
She assured her, though she probably didnt know that Electra had tried many times without success.
###Chapter 356
---- I need test subjects.
Doesnt matter if its small or bigitll get shriveled up anyway.
I feigned indifference, shrugging like I was talking about animals instead of people.
Well, if thats the case, what does it matter? Drag that idiot to Electras mansion dungeons! ---- Just then, the butler entered and whispered something in Morganas ear.
Excellent, let them in.
Lets all have a look, she nodded, pleased.
Something about this was giving mea really bad feeling.
Sure enough, the door opened, and they brought in a group of five elemental slaves.
All with their heads bowed, hands tied behind their backs, and worst of allcompletely naked.
Four men and a very young girl.
They were lined up like merchandise near the table, and Morganas voluptuous body rose to inspect them.
They brought her some wet cloths to clean her fat, pig-like hands.
One by one, she examined the slaves, who seemed to have been recently purchased.
Were they properly bathed and cleaned? yes, my lady, the old butler bowed.
The air was thick with evil, lust, fear, and stifled sobs.
My soul could barely handle it anymore.
She touched their trembling bodies vulgarly, fondling their genitals and even measuring them.
Why did you buy this one? His virility isnt enough for me, she ---- barked at the butler, standing in front of a dark-skinned boy with his head down, trembling violently.
Send him back to the auction! She shouted angrily, slapping the butler so hard he nearly fell to.
the floor You could tell how strong that woman was with all that flesh on her.
What? Are you pissing yourself in my presence? Disgusting! she roared when the boy, terrified out of his mind, seemed to have wet himself.
The sharp smell filled the air.
Bring me the knife! she screamed, and more cries erupted.
had to do somethingI couldnt even imagine what that lunatic would do to the poor boy with a knife.
Morgana, dont get upset, sister, come on, thats bad for you, 1 stood up immediately and grabbed her by the waist.
I dont know why, but Morgana really liked Electra.
It seemed like she saw her own evil reflected in her.
Dont even come near me, you'll get yourself dirty, she snapped, making me step back as the murky liquid formed a puddle around the slave, who had collapsed to his knees, on the verge of fainting.
Leave him to me.
Werent you going to give me one of them? What do you want this useless one for? He wont satisfy you, she raised an eyebrow, pinning me with her gaze.
###Chapter 357
---- pleasures.
---- 211.
THE NEW SLAVE SIGRID Tf you ever bring me such weak slaves again, I'll skin you alive! Morgana shouted at the butler as they dragged the unconscious boy away.
But I wasnt done yetthere was one more I had to save.
Well, its my turn to pick, isnt it? I watched Drusilla immediately head toward the girl with chestnut hair and wide, innocent eyes, like a deer about to be sacrificed.
Her hands delicately traced the girls face.
Mmm, beautiful.
I love her, she purred, leaning in to sniff her neck as her hands slid down to the gir!s firm, generous breasts, groping the soft flesh.
Tears streamed down the girls flushed cheeks, but she held on with more courage than the men, biting her lips until they bled.
Are you a virgin? Drusilla asked, her hand sliding down to the girls abdomen.
Answer me when I ask you something! She pinched the girls stomach harshly.
y-yes...
maam...
she whimpered, crying harder.
Drusilla smiled, pleased.
Her eyes darted to the girls lower body, and her hands slithered like venom, moving between the gir!s legs.
She loved playing with women.
In fact, none of them here ---- discriminated when it came to sex.
yhat a shame, little sister, but as you know, Im experimenting too, and I really like this little slave.
I grabbed her wrist, stepping in quickly.
I squeezed so hard I was about to crush her bones.
What the?! Let me go! Whats wrong with you, Electra? Youre really in the mood to mess with me today.
You've never liked maidens! Is this something new? she screamed, yanking her arm free and rubbing the marks my fingers left on her skin.
Remember, you owe me, Drusilla, and you'd better give me what I want, or who knows what I might tell Morgana, I threatened quietly, even though I knew Morgana was aware of everything.
Drusilla hesitated.
Morgana didnt take sidesshe loved watching the world burn and seeing others tear each other apart for her amusement.
Fine.
Enjoy, she spat through clenched teeth, hatred blazing in her eyes.
Shed envied Electra all her lifethe wicked bitch.
Well, as usual, nothing new.
Mother couldve easily skipped the middle daughter, Morgana remarked with boredom, and Drusilla nearly choked on her own bitterness.
Thank you for dinner, sister.
Send me the invitation for the Vlads, and please dont bother me these next few days, I said, turning to Morgana.
Of course, dear.
May the Goddess be with youenjoy your
###Chapter 358
---- I could almost feel it swirling around him, casting a black veil of shadows.
silas, what are you doing here so late...? I asked cautiously, bracing myself for any violent reaction.
Who is she? His voice was a low growl, dripping with a dark resentment Id never heard from him before.
---- I sighed, removing my heavy cloak and draping it over her.
When it settled on her shoulders, she went rigid.
M-mistress...
she whispered, her red, tear-filled brown eyes peeking from beneath long lashes.
My heart ached for her.
as long as youre loyal and obedient, I wont treat you badly.
Do you understand? I said coolly, but without speaking to her as if, she were just a piece of meat.
She nodded, though not very convincingly.
She probably didnt believe me.
It didnt matter.
I'd keep her as my personal maid or something like thatpretending to care while keeping her safe.
At this rate, I was going to end up running a refuge, but I just couldnt turn a blind eye.
Come on, I ordered, and as I turned to climb the grand staircase, Trealized someone was waiting at the top.
Tlifted my gaze, knowing it was Silas, even with his body cloaked in the shadows of the night, the moon barely glimmering in the sky.
Twas startled for a second by the seething hatred in his eye.
But he wasnt looking at mehis gaze was locked on the new slave.
The dark magic inside him was out of controlraging, suffocating, cold, and laced with bloody, murderous intent.
---- She caressed my face like a loving mother, and for a second, our eyes locked.
I didnt know if shed figured me outit seemed like she hadnt but either way, I didnt trust this cunning witch one bit.
Take her with me and cover her up.
I dont like everyone staring at my belongings, I ordered coldly to one of Morganas servants, and he dragged the crying girl out, finally freeing me from the worst dinner of my life.
Just before I stepped out, I heard the cries of two babies and glanced back to see Morgana approaching some nannies who were carrying two small bundles.
She took them, one in each arm, and it was the first time Id seen her look at anything with even a hint of warmth.
I'd forgotten Morgana had two heirs.
After raping so many elementals and killing countless failed little ones, she'd finally produced her perfect twins.
ad Leave her here.
You can go, I dismissed Morganas slave as soon as we arrived at my inner courtyard.
They'd barely thrown a sheer, translucent robe over the girl because thats what she was to me, just a girl.
She shivered violently, her teeth chattering from the cold.
###Chapter 359
---- 212.
REBELLIOUS SLAVE SIGRID Theard a louder sob behind me.
The girl, who hadnt made a scene in front of Drusilla, now reeked of fear standing before the danger that was Silas.
silas, I asked you a question.
I raised my hands, trying to calm him as I took slow steps toward him.
He didnt answer.
He just stared at her like a wild animal ready to devour its prey.
IfId had any doubts, they were now goneSilas wasnt who he pretended to be.
That submission he showed me was nothing more than a facade.
T remembered Lucrecias words about his defiance; surviving so many years in the hands of that maniac wasnt something a weak slave could do.
Not only was his spirit strong despite the wounds on his soul, but the cursed power within him was...
terrifying.
['m talking to you, Silas.
What are you doing here? I told you to look at me.
Look at me, damn it! My anger was rising.
Treached him and cornered him against the doorframe, gripping his jaw tightly, forcing him to meet my gaze despite his towering height and much stronger body.
---- Finally, that golden, erratic, crazed eye, full of murderous storms, locked onto mine.
Despite the mask covering half his face, I felt the other cursed eye obsessively staring at me too.
I was waiting for you, my lady...
I was worried since it was so late, he finally spoke, restless, still trying to glance at her.
Why are you asking about the slave? I think youre getting too bold, Silas.
I dont owe you any explanations.
I shot back harshly, feeling like I was holding a ticking time bomb in my hands.
Were you having fun with her? Is she your new lover? he continued questioning me in a low voice, his gaze flicking back to the girl with ill intent.
Something deep inside me told me that if I said yes, Silas would kill that girl on the spot.
Why? Get inside the mansion and wait! I shouted at the slave, who ran into the house.
My body pressed even closer to Silass tense frame, trapping him between my arms.
I knew he hated close proximity, but I was the only shield standing between him and that girls certain death.
The door slammed shut behind her.
We remained outside, exposed to the cold night, pressed against the dark corner between the wall and the massive door.
###Chapter 360
---- His low, rough words sent tremors through my belly, and the perverse thrill of this whole situation had me dripping.
The hand on my neck tightenednot enough to hurt me, but firm enough that disobedience wasnt an option.
That dark magic was surrounding me, like a fog pouring from his body and wrapping around me possessively.
The worst part? I loved it.
---- Because Im not handsome.
Im...
hideous.
I dont want to disgust you.
Is that why you brought the new slave? Shes...
pretty...
Every whisper from his lips struck my soul.
Dont ever call yourself hideous or any of that nonsense.
I wont allow it.
And besides, who told you I find you disgusting? You brought new slaves to please you.
I know youre in those days when you need aman to cum inside you to get pregnant.
I stiffened, caught off guard, his blunt words making my core tingle.
Sometimes I forgot Silas could run circles around me when it came to sex.
I-P'm not she cant get you pregnant, and I dont believe you.
Why are you lying to me? Now that caught me off guard.
What was he talking about? When had I lied to him? Tm not lying.
What are you talking about? Silas, let me turn around You've been with others.
He pinned me even harder against the corner.
I braced my forearms against the wall, flexed beside my face.
My forehead brushed against the cold stone.
I felt so small, dominated by his towering frame.
---- So what if she is my new lover? Are you my master now, trying to control me? I hissed through clenched teeth.
Being this close to himhis scent, his dominant magic wrapping around mewas starting to trigger that damn fertility spell.
1...
[ean do everything she does.
I can satisfy you.
I can do it better , J told you I wouldnt force you into anything! You dont have to do this! I snapped.
Just because there are new slaves doesnt mean Im going to mistreat you or cast you aside.
I started to suspect he was worried Id sell him at auction or throw him into the dungeons.
suddenly, his hand gripped my waist, tightening around my corset, while the other clamped dominantly around my neck, spinning me to face the wall.
He was pressed completely against my back, controlling me.
His heavy breath fell against my nape, and his arm squeezed my waist tightly against his body.
If Pm your slave, I can do it.I...
we can do it like this, without you seeing my face, his hot breath poured into my ear, making me shiver.
His heart pounded fiercely in his chest, the hand on my neck forcing my head up, holding me still like I was coiled by a giant, cold, deadly serpentbut I was melting against him.
Why without seeing you? My voice came out rougher than I intended, rushed, excited.
###Chapter 361
---- you want.
---- 213, PROVE IT SIGRID Goddess, this forceful, dominant Silasso masculine and impulsivewas turning me on way too much.
silas, you're being irrational, 1 just had dinner...
I found myself even explaining, my heart pounding faster.
You took too long for just a dinner.
You brought back another slave passed out, and then returned with that woman.
Did you do it with both of them? Or more? Did you let them touch you? Danger dripped from his words as his head dipped into my neck, inhaling deeply, searching my skin for traces of other scents.
With no one, damn it, I didnt do it with anyone...
Prove it.
what?...
My breath quickened.
I started to get nervous.
What the hell?! I needed to resist! How...
how can I prove it to you? I already gave you my word, obey No.
He flat-out refused, this rebellious slave.
A second later, his hand on my waist started sliding over my stomach, his mouth placing soft, wet kisses along the side of my neck where my pulse pounded wildly.
T want to make sure you're not lying to me...
---- Silas, wait, mmmm...
But my own orders melted into moans.
His hand slid between my legs, fingers pressing against my clit through the layers of fabric, making it swell and throb from the stimulation.
I spread my legs to give him better access, biting my lip to hold back the moans his teasing drew out of me.
The hand at my neck dropped to my breasts, sensually pinching my left nipple that poked through the thin white blouse.
silas, wait...
I whispered as he roughly tugged my blouse down over my shoulders, ripping at the laces in front and yanking the fabric down.
My breasts were exposedswollen, sensitive, lifted by the corset beneath.
The tender flesh goosebumped from the cold, but soon, his warm hands started playing with them.
Silass soft lips licked at my ear, sucking on my earlobe while his fingers pinched my nipples, twisting and pulling, rubbing over my areolas.
He squeezed my breasts with just enough force to have me panting, delirious with pleasure.
I shifted my thighs together, wanting more, needing him to touch me down there like he had earlier.
ask me, he groaned into my ear, and I felt his hard, burning shaft pressing against my ass.
Order me, my lady.
Tell me what
###Chapter 362
---- Now I'l see if you've really been lying to me...
Mmmmegg...
I lifted my head, biting down hard on the fabric as his fingers finally touched my bare pussy, sliding my panties aside.
His wicked fingers coated themselves in my honey, pinching my clit between their pads, twisting it deliciously, tugging softly, then suddenly flicking it quickly.
Iwas melting, my gasps and moans growing louder as desire coiled tighter in my belly.
Why arent you inside me? I want you to touch me there! I screamed in my fevered mind, part of my magic slipping free uncontrollably, tangling with Silass.
---- He demanded it like I was the slave, and his teeth bit into my bare shoulder before he licked it.
I clenched my lips, embarrassed.
I wasnt Electra, but I couldnt resist.
For the love of the Goddess, lust burned me from the inside out.
T-Touch me...
Where should I touch you? Your tits? Should I suck them? Damn it, yes, I wanted that too, but priorities, priorities.
You know where...
T dont know, my lady.
He gripped my short hair, completely dominating me, his ragged breath hot against my ear.
Where do you want me to touch you? Where was my timid, harmless Silas?! D-Down...
between...
between my legs, I finally confessed, closing my eyes and swallowing hard.
My eyelids fluttered like the rest of my trembling body, my core throbbing and clenching, begging to be filled This slave is useless; I dont know how my lady prefers to be pleased.
Should I use my fingers, my mouth...
or my cock? With anything! Im about to come just from you breathing in my ear! I screamed internally in agony.
I swore the bastard was enjoying ---- putting me on edge.
Im Electra, damn it! A tough, experienced womannot some innocent virgin.
with your fingers, I finally admitted, because mentally, I wasnt prepared for the other options.
He huffed a littlewas he disappointed? Ididnt have time to analyze it.
He let go of my breasts to start hiking up my skirt.
Open your mouth for amoment, my lady, he ordered, and I did.
Soon, the hem of the skirt was between my teeth.
The cold air kissed my bare thighs, my boots only reaching just below my knees spread your legs wider, more...
His whispered commands were imperious, dripping like an aphrodisiac over my will.
His fingers traced gently, slowly, torturously up my thighs outside first, then along the inner edges.
My pussy throbbed; I needed him to touch me.
I moaned into the fabric when he reached my soaked panties, rubbing my slit through the damp cloth clinging to my sex.
Inside, Silas, inside, please.
Tarched my pelvis forward, spread my legs wider, my body screaming honestly what I craved.
###Chapter 363
---- finger, merciless, his deep groans in my ear setting me on fire.
---- 214.
INEED TO GO TO THE BATHROOM! SIGRID I felt like I could sense so many things inside himmadness, obsession, lust, confusion, even fear and doubt.
squat down, rest on my thighs, he said, tugging my panties down to my thighs where they bunched up.
I didnt understand, but I obeyed.
Immediately, I felt way too exposedit was like I was about to pee In this dark corner, in the middle of the night, clutching the wall while biting down on my dress, half-naked, my breasts out, legs spread, and my ass sticking out.
My pussy opened from the position, my back arched, my ass pressed against Silass hot, hard length.
At least I knew he was just as turned on.
Mmmm, I started to say something.
I tried to straighten up, but he gripped my hips firmly, pulling me down onto his thighs.
He was squatting too.
He kept me in that humiliating position.
You'll come faster like this.
You'll like it.
Dont close your legs.
That magnetic voice whispered in my ear again.
I nodded, trembling all over, my back pressed against the hard muscles of his chest, completely exposed to his whims.
---- One of his hands found my breast again, kneading it slowly, sensually, while the soft trail of his kisses moved tenderly down my shoulders.
It felt like he was trying to relax meand it was working.
His other hand rested lazily on my mound, touching only my swollen, throbbing clit.
Mmmm, yes, yes, Silas, I called to him in my mind.
I tilted my head, giving him access to my neck where his mouth burned against my skin.
I could feel the roughness of his mask against me.
A muffled cry escaped my throat when he finally slid two fingers insidefirst the tips, soft and exploratory.
Phalanx by phalanx, in and out, the wet sounds driving me crazy until his knuckles hit against my entrance.
In that heated position, he started fingering me so deliciously I could only grind against him, rolling my hips, pushing my pelvis forward like his cock was inside me I drowned in pleasure every time he stabbed that painfully sensitive spot deep inside my pussy, massaging it so good Goddess, I was losing control.
My nails nearly clawed at the stone, panting, soaking the fabric in my mouth with saliva, my breath coming out in harsh, ragged gasps as his thrusts grew more vigorous.
His other hand dropped and rubbed my clit fast with his middle
###Chapter 364
---- I could hear his breath against my neck, his strong heart pounding against my back, that intense, dark scent from his body soothing my senses.
For a second, I was tired of pretending tooI allowed myself to just be me, even if only for amoment.
---- congratulating it.
Between my thighs was a mess, something dripping onto the floor from my center, and I dared to glance downready to die of shame if it was pee.
Its not piss, my lady, he whispered, licking my ear, his tone proud and smug.
Its because you liked how this slave touched you.
For the first time, he sounded happy as he mocked my flustered state.
His good mood seeped into my senses.
shut up.
You've been a very disobedient slave today, I growled, covering my blushing face in frustration Ttried to stand, but my thighs trembled like crazy.
Holding that squatting position for so long had taken its toll.
aaah, 1 yelped, falling back hard onto Silas.
His hard length pressed between my cheeks as he held me, now sitting on the ground with me on his lap.
Did you hurt yourself? No, no, I just want to get up...
wait, just a second, let your legs recover, he held me tighter, around the waist.
Honestly, my legs were fine, but I nodded, and we stayed in silence.
---- His mouth sucked, licked, tormented.
The overstimulation was killing me.
That pressure in my belly grew heavier and heavierI had never felt this before.
And even though it was Electras body, not even in her memories had I found such overwhelming pleasure.
suddenly, I got scaredit felt like I was going to pee.
No, no, it was like I couldnt control myself.
silas, wait, I think I need to go to the bathroom, aahh, wait...
I cried out, dropping the fabric from my mouth, overcome by the crushing orgasm that shattered my sanity.
My mind went blank, his hooked fingers fucking me relentlessly, and my whole core convulsed, releasing a lascivious spray that shot out in a pressurized burst for a few seconds, splashing against the wall in front of my spread legs when Silas pulled his fingers out.
T moaned in ecstasy, feeling my power unleashed, Silass energy flooding into my body.
My pleasure was his pleasure, lust and darkness consuming our minds.
It took over a minute before I could gather myself.
I dropped my head, damp hair hanging down, my whole body glistening with sweat under the moonlight.
Now that some clarity returned to my brain, I was dying of embarrassmentbut I couldnt and didnt want to stop.
Silas gently caressed my shameless, drenched pussy, like he was
###Chapter 365
---- body, intertwined with mine.
---- 215.
FORGOTTEN WITNESS SIGRID Tleaned back against him as he lowered his hands and adjusted my skirt to cover my legs from the cold.
Then he started rubbing my arms to warm me up.
My eyes drifted to the huge full moon in the skyI had so many questions about him.
He was so complex and unique.
It felt like his darkness was absorbing me, calling to me, and each time, I could resist it less.
Did you manage to prove I wasnt lying? Of all the questions teetering on the tip of my tongue, that was the nonsense I blurted out.
No, I'm still not sure, my lady.
I need to check in other ways, he whispered softly against my nape, sending shivers all over my skin.
Silas, you know I'll never force you to do anything.
Im not lying to you.
You know secrets I dont want anyone else to know.
I cant just let you go, so I wont sell you to anyone.
You dont have to force yourself to please me.
I turned slightly in his arms to face him.
His short hair gleamed under the moonlight, tousled in a sexy way.
That golden eye shone brighter than the sun, devouring me whole.
Looking at the scars and burns marring his masculine face, which ---- had clearly once been beautiful, didnt disgust methey only stirred up rage and the urge to kill.
He stayed silent until he finally decided to answer.
Whenever I had to serve...
that woman, he said through gritted teeth, not avoiding my gaze, she had to chain me up, drug me with more and more of those disgusting brews that made me feel like I was burning alive inside, just to get this...
He took my hand and guided it to the hard outline of his cock.
The fabric of his pants was stained with a huge, round wet spot.
I swallowed hard.
God, I was such a terrible person, enjoying all this while this poor man was like this.
J can...
Ican help you.
I didnt know.
No, he refused flatly, pulling my hand away from his arousal and leaving me frozen.
1 frowned, unable to help myself.
He was about to open his mouth again, but I cut him off.
Then why are you like this with me? I havent given you any brews ...
Is it maybe my fertility spell? Is it affecting you? I considered that possibility.
But how strong could this spell be to turn him on when even Lucrecias most potent potions couldnt? Silas stared at me like always, thousands of thoughts swirling in his mind.
But somehow, I felt like more of his magic had seeped into my
###Chapter 366
---- She was still sneaking nervous glances at Silas, her head lowered, cheeks flushed red with discomfort.
Her hands wrung nervously in front of her.
Goddess, how could I have forgotten about this girl? How much did she hear? ---- His emotions weren't entirely sealed off anymorehe was unsure and curious, afraid of something.
And I think...
he was about to lie tome.
Yes, it must be the spell, my lady, he nodded after a moment.
Sure, that must be it, I echoed like an idiot, knowing that probably wasnt the real answer, but neither of us was entirely sure.
hen, let me help you, 1 insisted, even though my hand trembled and not from the cold.
Twouldnt be able to satisfy him like he did me; my experience was pretty limited.
No, he refused again, more forcefully.
Damn it, Silas, if I disgust you so much, you dont have to do me any favors...
I started to pull away from him, angry, but he grabbed my arms, tense and nervous.
Lm not prepared for my lady, he insisted stubbornly.
I...
1 havent bathed yet.
I need to clean myself properly.
Well, I wasnt expecting that reason.
I forgot that here, slaves followed strict cleaning protocols to please their mistresseswhen they were the dirtiest ones.
Its not important...
yes, it is, my lady.
I sighed, giving up.
---- No matter how much he pretended to be obedient, his dominant streak kept slipping through.
Fine, then lets go rest, I told him, exhausted and, for now, satisfied, finally standing up.
My legs felt like jelly, and my insides were still pulsing with the aftershocks of that intense orgasm.
My gaze discreetly drifted to the corner, where splatters stained the wall and stone floor.
I hoped that lascivious stain would dry by morningotherwise, how embarrassing, Tdidnt even know a woman could come like that, almost like a man.
Damn, Electras filthy.
I pulled up my panties, enduring the sticky discomfort between my legs, trying to salvage some dignity after completely shattering my facade of being a badass witch.
Though, considering how perverted Electra was, Id nailed that part.
I walked, my disobedient tail following my steps.
Crossing the threshold, the candlelight flickered low in the wall sconces, barely clinging to life.
Asepulchral silence reigned; almost everyone was asleep.
But Id forgotten a very important detail.
M-My lady, a timid little voice suddenly called to me from a corner of the vestibule.
###Chapter 367
---- 216.
WE ARE NOT DESTINED SIGRID The flashbacks of my moans, Silass, my voice saying I needed to go to the bathroom...
oh, for the love of the Goddess Could I just die right here, right now? Please...
I thought about dismissing her quickly and getting out of this incredibly awkward moment, but Silas beat me to it, stepping toward her.
I tensed and followed, hoping he wouldnt disobey me on this otherwise, Id really be pissed.
silas, I called sharply, but he didnt respond.
Instead, he yanked my cloak off the girls shoulders with rough hands.
Dont touch my ladys things, he snapped at her, his tone full of authority.
and stop bothering her with your presence.
Head down that hall to the servant quarters.
Her Ladyship will give you orders tomorrow.
Despite her clear fear, the girl stayed frozen, trembling, casting me furtive, anxious glances as my frown deepened.
But...
but Your Ladyship chose me to serve her...
in bed...
What?! Silas took a step toward her, speaking through gritted teeth, and the air suddenly recked of murder.
---- Damn it, damn it! That's enough! Enough! I quickly stepped between them.
This slave had no sense of self-preservation.
Go to the servant quarters, and if you say anything about what you saw or heard here, I'll personally rip your tongue out.
Understood? I threatened, though I doubted she actually understood anything.
She nodded immediately, her eyes red with tears.
Go! Now! And she bolted down the hall.
Isighed, rubbing my forehead.
Id deal with her later.
This whole rescuing slaves thing was eating up half my life.
show them alittle kindness, and they'd cling to you, trying to please you, knowing that supernatural beings only wanted them for one thing.
Sex, orgies, and pleasure, She just wanted to keep her spot in this mansion.
Did Silas think the same? Did he have that need to thank the only person who'd shown him a bit of kindness? For now, when I turned around, his face was dark, frustrated, and cruel.
###Chapter 368
---- climbing the dark stairs.
His gaze burned into my back, but he didnt move an inch.
My chest ached, and I felt an overwhelming urge to cry.
I swallowed it all down and straightened my back, because Im not Electra De la Croix.
Silas was becoming obsessed with an imposter.
And I could never forget the one absolute truth: he would stay here, and I would eventually return home.
We're not from the same time, or spacewere not destined to be together.
---- His gaze full of reproachuntil he quickly lowered his head, hiding it.
He looked like a wolf pup with its ears drooping, and despite the lethal danger he posed, I felt a strange tenderness for him.
are you jealous, my Silas? I teased, running my fingers through his messy hair.
We both froze suddenlyhim because of my soft touch, and me because I was being more Sigrid than Electra.
I quickly pulled my hand back, coughing to cover the awkwardness.
Lets go to bed, I muttered, walking off without giving him a second glance.
I climbed the main staircase to the second floor, walking down the hall where his room was at the end, right at the foot of the narrow staircase leading up to my tower bedroom.
Goodnight, Silas, I said without turning my back to him.
wait, my lady, he stopped me, standing so close behind me T could feel the heat of his body.
haven't answered your question.
I said nothing, just lowered my head, waiting, my stomach twisting.
T dont know what being jealous means.
I cant define that word, but I dont like other slaves touching you.
I dont want them caressing or kissing your bodynot that girl, not anyone.
My heart skipped a beat.
---- I kept staring at the stairs while he whispered in my ear.
Imagining you trembling with pleasure, moaning so erotically in another mans arms, your body reacting to another slaves fingers like it did today with mine...
thinking about that disturbs me.
I feel this darkness inside me screaming to kill anyone who desires you.
T ..
have I gone completely insane? Is that jealousy? He asked, and I didnt have an answer to his questions let alone my own.
1 dont know if its my lack of experience in romance, but I cant figure out exactly what Im feeling for this complicated man.
Is Silas confusing gratitude with love? Or is it because of our compatible magic? Repressed, hidden in another womans body, without my full powers or instincts, everything feels so confusing.
I dont know.
I dont fully trust him, and I know he doesnt fully trust me either.
Maybe hes planning to lower my guard and weave hidden schemes.
Hes a vengeful manyou can see it.
He'll go after Lucrecias head if he gets the chance, and Im his ticket to get close to her.
Just remember one thing, Silas.
No matter how kind I might be to you now, or if I show you favoritism, to me, youre just a disposable, replaceable slave.
Never forget that, I responded with all the coldness I could muster, like a true bitch, and began
###Chapter 369
---- 217.
[WILL HAVE IT ALL SIGRID Please, just leave.
Leave now.
Tleaned my back against the door and waited in silence, surrounded by the dim light of my room.
1 felt awful for speaking to him like that.
My hand went to my chest, bitterness coursing through my veins.
But he hadnt left.
He was still there, standing at the bottom of the stairs, just staring upcold, unreadable His overwhelming, dark aura reached all the way to this door where I stood, hesitant, but it never crossed the threshold.
He was furiousI could feel it.
That murderous energy swirled around him like a vicious storm and then...
nothing.
Silas pulled all that malevolent energy back, locking it tightly inside himself.
He wouldnt let me feel even a crack of his true emotions, not unless I forced it out with magic.
He was reverting to how we were when we first met.
I closed my eyes, sighing, and stepped away from the door, not wanting to monitor him anymore.
This was what I wantedto push him away.
To make him hate me, or rather, Electra, and continue with his ---- plans.
If I could, Id help him get his revenge.
Isighed, overwhelmed by everything, and walked to the balcony, stepping out to gaze at the night.
The moon was half-hidden behind the clouds.
Thadnt even managed to put together the device to communicate with my people.
Everything felt so complicated, and at times, I lost sight of my goals.
This world was swallowing me like a devouring boa, and with each passing day, I felt less like myself, forgetting who I truly was.
What do you want from me exactly? I hope you didnt send me here for the impossible, I muttered bitterly, looking up at the mother star.
Everything the elementals were going through was her fault, and now she was using us like puppets to fix her own mistakes.
sighing, I thought about heading to the bathroom, I'd take an ice-cold bath despite the freezing temperatures.
The lustful desire was still twisting in my belly.
How long would this damn spell last, and why was it getting worse? Thad no idea, but Id have to endure it alone.
I'd try to distance myself from Silas.
It was the best thing I could do for him.
Once I left this place, Electra would tear him apart if he stayed by her side.
---- My bare feet padded across the dimly lit room.
I didnt even bother extending my sensesI already knew.
He was still stubbornly standing at the bottom of the stairs.
###Chapter 370
---- SILAS Why did I do that? Why did I open my mouth? Why did I lower my defenses and tell her my true thoughts? Because I couldnt hold them in anymore.
Because Im too confused.
Because I feel...
like I need answers...
like I need her.
But Im just a slave...
disposable and replaceable.
She could kill me, break me, and rebuild me.
She could do whatever she wanted with me.
Thate it.
I hate never having control over anything.
I hate being just a broken toy.
T cant lose sight of my goal.
What happened today cant happen again.
She cant discard me before we kill Lucrecia! No, no, she cant ever discard me.
I reached behind my head and pulled off the ebony mask shed given me.
The deformed, ruined half of my face was exposed.
That cursed eye stared obsessively into the darkness of the staircase leading to her room.
---- It pushed me to seek out her magic, craving it with a sick, twisted hunger.
It wanted to consume her, devour her.
I tooka step forward, my entire body tensed in protest, my mind and heart locked in a brutal fight.
My hand lifted, and my fingers dug into the stone wall until my nails began to bleed.
I threw the mask to the ground and clawed at this curse.
Iwanted to rip it out like I had so many times before.
The pain was unbearable, so much that there were moments I almost gave in.
The rage corroded my soul, the urge to destroy everything and everyone, the helplessness of only suffering without being able to change my fate.
Ireached for the short knife tucked inside my boot, stolen from the kitchen.
I pulled it out and pressed it to my faceId tried this many times, but that horrible magic refused to die.
It was like it had a life of its own, autonomy, like a damn parasite living inside me.
Traised my arm with force, gritting my teeth in fury, ready to stab over and over into that abyss of darkness that blinded me.
I waited for the usual reactionfor the knife to simply melt or evaporatebut this time, it was my hand that froze in midair.
My head hung low, the handle gripped tightly in my hand, the blades tip millimeters from my cursed eye.
---- Then, a soft melody drifted into my ears, so ethereal, so beautiful, so distant and forbidden to me.
lifted my gaze, erratic, unfocused, unhinged.
My whole body trembled with tensionit was her.
She was humming a tune, probably not even realizing I could hear her, yet once again, she was pulling me back from the abyss.
The memories of what we'd done at the mansions entrance flooded my mindher awkward innocence, trying to pretend she was like that disgusting witch.
The tremble of her pleasure, the rough moans from her throat, her aura that brought light to my darkness, her sensual magic that drove me mad in a way Id never experienced before.
So this is what it feels like to be with someone by choice.
Touching her...
its addictive.
I crave that warmth for myself.
I've only had a taste, but I need more.
I need it all.
And I will have it all.
###Chapter 371
---- 218.
CHEAT X CHEAT SILAS I took a deep breath, calming the chaos within me, resolute, just like when I used to swallow my hatred over and over again, plotting my revenge for some distant day.
I owered my hand, blood dripping from my nails, some torn down to the flesh.
This kind of pain didnt affect me anymore.
I picked up the mask and stared at it, my finger tracing the carved patterns on the dark wood.
I just needed to be smarter, make my calculations in silence, and wait.
Finally, I walked back to my room, ready to become the most disobedient slave of them all once again spb SIGRID Iwas having a terrible time, by the Goddess, I barely slept last night.
I felt a fire burning between my legs, making me boil with the need to scream from an orgasmor better yet, several.
Tost count of how many cold baths I took, how many times I touched myself, writhing with unsatisfied desires.
This relentless craving for something to fill me just wouldnt stop.
---- I cursed Electra, this world, and the moment I agreed to this madness.
Thinking back to my intimate encounters with Silas didnt help maintain my sanity either.
I got out of bed after sleeping, at most, an hour.
Iwalked to the bathroom and looked at myself in the mirror.
I was amessmy skin shiny and sticky with sweat, dark circles under my eyes, and my hair looked like a bird's nest.
Goddess, when would this torture end? The easiest thing would be to grab one of Electras countless insignificant slaves to satisfy my body, but I refuse to force anyone.
My mind kept drifting back to Silas.
No, no, no.
I have to keep my distance.
This game with Silas is dangerousit wont end well for him.
I dont want him getting attached to Electra.
Tpulled the cord near my bed to summon the servants through a magical device.
I gave my orders and instructed them to send the new slave.
Thad to pretend I cared somehow.
Grimm was now confined to the stables as punishment, but that didnt mean he wasnt keeping an eye on the mansions affairs.
Iwas brushing my hair when there was a knockat the door.
---- Come in, I ordered, sitting at the vanity, running the brush through my hair.
###Chapter 372
---- She entered with two servants who would fill the bathtub.
Fill the small wooden one and pour ice into the waterI dont want it warm, I instructed, and they bowed.
I caught a flicker of surprise in their eyes.
I didnt care.
Just thinking of anything warm made me feel suffocated.
The door stayed open for a moment, and I glanced sideways at the stair landing through the mirrors reflection.
It was odd that he wasnt there, waiting.
My mind immediately sought him out, my magic flaring, but I reined it in tightly.
I had enough on my plate controlling Electra and her lust.
Come brush my hair, I called to the girl standing in the corner, sneaking furtive glances at me while she waited.
I watched as she hurried over, picked up the brush from the dresser, and gently began running it through my hair.
It was actually relaxing.
I pretended to close my eyes, leaning back in the cushioned chair as she caressed my scalp while brushing over and over.
T seemed half-asleep, my guard down, but in reality, I was exploring her, feeling her probe.
---- Just as I suspected, Morgana had placed something inside her to spy on me.
Taking advantage of my apparent carelessness, that spell was trying to dig into Electras consciousness.
That's enough, I stopped her, and she quickly withdrew her hands from my head and nodded.
Was Morgana starting to suspect something was wrong with Electra? My lady, the bath is ready, the servants informed me, and I dismissed them, leaving only the slave behind.
Pl help you, my lady, she said, and before I could give my consent, her hands reached for my nightgown, gently sliding down the loose sleeves.
When her fingers brushed over my exposed breasts, she tried to caress me.
No, I snapped, stepping back and grabbing the fabric to keep it from falling to the floor.
I didnt want to be naked in front of her.
Please, forgive this slave, my lady.
Im sorry, Im so sorry...
she threw herself to the floor, kneeling with her head bowed.
I thought through my options and how! could use this slave to deceive Morgana.
You dont always have to be so nervous, I said, lowering my hand to gently lift her chin.
Her expressive eyes immediately looked up at me, expectant.
J...
Lean serve you well, my lady.
Please, dont sell meI can do it ---- right...
Of course you will, I smiled with hidden intentions, just like Electra would, despite the nausea twisting in my stomach.
Tonight, I'll request your services.
Be ready.
Yes, yes, my lady, she nodded, even seeming excited and nervous.
Her mouth moved to kiss my hand, but I pulled it away immediately.
Now get up and aska servant to bring me another tub of ice.
Go, T ordered coldly, and I watched her hurry out, grabbing the hem of her skirt and running out of the room.
Pfft, if that idiot Morgana wanted to check if I was still her disgusting, lustful sister, then I'd show her exactly what she wanted to see.
If she was a powerful witch capable of manipulating peoples minds, then I was even more powerful.
###Chapter 373
---- 219.
BEG ME WITH YOUR DELICIOUS MOUTH.
SIGRID I finally let the nightgown slip to the floor and walked naked toward the bathroom, knowing that not even all the ice in the world could put out this fire.
Where is Silas? T lifted my toned leg over the thick wooden rim and sank into the round tub filled with freezing water, chunks of ice floating on the surface.
Mmm, I moaned, slightly relieved from the heat burning inside me.
Was I too harsh on him? Is he hurt? Does he resent me, hate me? Better if he hates Electra.
Better that way, I kept repeating to myself, but every second that passed, I drowned deeper in the longing to see him, to feel his dominant presence near me.
od SILAS T watched, hidden behind the column, as that damn slave returned with a heavy basin in her hands.
I could barely hold back the urge to snap her neck.
She better not have laid a finger on my lady.
I waited for her to pass, and just before she could climb the stairs, 1 ---- ambushed her from behind, yanking her arm and slamming her against the column.
Her back hit hard.
Before she could scream, I covered her mouth and pressed a sharp blade against her neck.
If you even whisper half a word, I'll slit your throat right here, I whispered in a low, menacing voice.
I scanned her exposed skinshe hadnt been in the room long.
I brought my nose close with disgust, and all I could detect was a faint hint of my ladys perfume Thated it.
I wanted to kill her right then and there.
Seeing her perfect face, her flawless, beautiful skinit was revolting.
I wanted to ruin her, so my lady wouldnt notice her.
1m only going to say this once: if you tell her ladyship about this, I dont care what punishment I get.
Ill bide my time and at the very least, Ill cut out your tongue.
I felt that darkness seep from me, choking her neck with malice.
Her panicked eyes, her entire body trembling, the scent of her fear thick in the air.
The water from the basin splashed as her shaky hands struggled to hold it Dont you dare covet what isnt yours.
Dont even dream of her favor, or one night someone might sneak into your barrack and strangle you in your sleep.
Do you understand? She began nodding frantically.
###Chapter 374
---- I pressed the blade harder against her flesh, a thin line of blood trailing down to stain her dress.
Just a little deeper, just a bit more into that frantic vein, and I could end this threat right now.
Then I felt something wetting my handit was her tears.
I snapped back to my senses, forcing down the murderous darkness within me.
Leave.
And never forget my words, or you'll regret it, I growled, snatching the basin roughly from her hands She bolted instantly, covering her mouth, muffling her sobs as she ran.
I didnt feel the slightest bit of pity.
Nothing thats tainted with dark magic escapes this cursed eye this woman is a spy, carrying a malignant spell inside her.
Ihave to protect my lady.
No one can discover her secret.
No one can harm her.
T looked at the stairs and began climbing.
She hadnt called for me.
She hadnt sought me out.
She chose that girl by her side instead, and I was furious with her, my lady.
And Im not one to swallow my grievances.
Tentered her chamber and closed the door behind me.
I glanced at the bed, at the room, inhaling like an addict the scent of her magic ---- lingering in the air.
Its the only thing that can calm the monster inside me.
She hadnt done anything sexual with that slaveI was far too sensitive to miss that.
I walked silently toward the bathroom, stopping when I heard the faint moans escaping through the slightly ajar door.
She had her back to me, her wet hair sticking to her pale nape, water splashing onto the floor.
She tilted her head in that sensual way, her right shoulder moving rhythmically.
T knew exactly what she was doing her hand was between her legs, pleasuring herself.
My manhood throbbed, hardening.
There was a time I thought that, besides being infertile, I was becoming impotent.
Now I know thats not the case.
T swallowed hard, controlling my excited breathing, enduring the torture of those orgasmic moans echoing in my ears.
Theld myself back with everything I had, refusing to go in and satisfy her.
I shoved the door open, catching her off guard.
She froze, stopping her masturbation, and turned with a startled look on her face.
She was so caught up that she didnt seem to notice me.
---- Or maybe she did? And she was just provoking me to act.
impulsively like last night, to ease her heat.
I wanted to give in.
For the first time, I wanted to surrender to this woman, but it wouldnt be that easy this time.
Tf you want this disposable slave to give you an orgasm, this time you ll have to beg me for it with that delicious mouth of yours.
my lady, I brought the ice you requested.
###Chapter 375
---- 220.
PLAYING WITH THE BEAST SIGRID Mmm, yes, yes, just like that...
mmm, Silas, faster, more...
BAM! The loud thud of a door slamming open made me freeze even more than the ice floating in the tub.
I turned, stunned, to find Id been completely caught.
Goddess bless, I was even moaning his name while imagining it was his fingers touching me! My lady, I brought the ice you requested, he announced as he walked in, closing the door behind him like he hadnt seen a thing.
Good, was all I managed to say, turning my back to him and sinking into the water until it nearly covered my nose.
My short hair floated on the surface like black seaweed.
Aaahhh, how embarrassing! No, no, no...
I'm Electra, Im bold and shameless.
This is nothing.
I cant panic over a little sexual slip-up.
suddenly, hands slipped into the cold water, gently gathering my soaked hair into a high bun.
Silas had knelt behind me, leaning against the wooden edge, his body outside the tub.
---- I swallowed hard, closing my eyes, saying nothing, just hugging my bent knees to my chest, trying to resist the waves of wild desire crashing over me.
Cold and suffocating heat battled within me; I tried to focus on mundane thoughts, but every one of my senses zeroed in on the rough touch of his fingers against my neck.
My breathing grew heavier and heavier; I pressed myself against the edge of the tub, craving his closeness.
felt his hot breath fall against my collarbone.
He secured my hair high, tightening it into his fist.
His grip was gentle now, but I knew he could fully control the movements of my head if he wanted.
I let him do whatever he pleased; I couldnt resist, even if I tried.
Iwas drowning in the delicious scent of darkness from his magic.
Through half-closed eyes, I sawhis hand move forward, reaching around my body.
My breasts were practically exposed; the water barely covered them, and my chilled, tightened nipples peeked above the surface, aching for his calloused hands to touch thembut Silas didnt even graze them.
I watched him slip his hand between my legs, which I immediately spread.
Goddess, as if my body wasnt screaming already! ---- I was practically roaring with every movement that I needed him to touch me, urgently.
I shouldve screamed at him to leave, held firm to my goals, but all my mouth could manage was a breathless moan when his fingers brushed my vulva for just a second.
silas, what are you doing...? I scolded him, my voice nasal, needy.
But he had only reached for a chunk of the ice floating in the tub.
No, no, keep touching me! can your ladyship do transformation magic? he whispered hoarsely in my ear.
What? Yes, yes, of course...
but...
Can you turn this chunk of ice into whatever I want? I didnt understand where he was going with this.
was ready to jump him, and he wanted to do magic now? silas...
fine, yes...
I answered, resigned and frustrated.
Just think really hard about what you want it to become.
I reached out and placed my hand over his, the one holding the chunk of iceit wasnt small.
I focused a bit; honestly, this trick was childs play, but what the ice began transforming into was no game.
Clear, beautiful, sharp, and deadlya dagger that he gripped by the hilt with precision.
###Chapter 376
---- Why wasnt I surprised that hed think of something so aggressive? Now, what did he plan to do with it? I found out soon enough.
The fist in my hair tightened, dominant and relentless, pulling me back against him, my head resting vulnerably on his shoulder.
I turned my face to the side, tracing the masculine line of his jaw with my eyes.
P've done what you asked.
Now, what do you plan to do with that weapon? I whispered firmly, not an ounce of fear in my voice.
He tilted his head, and for the first time, we looked at each other this closelythat golden, exotic, bewitching eye that, as always, stared at me ravenously.
So many storms inside him, so many promises.
His cruel, thin lips hovered just centimeters from mine, our breaths mingling, ragged and excited.
I tried to turn toward the side covered by the mask, but Silas controlled my movements mercilessly.
The tug forced my head to the side, and he buried his face in the crook of my neck, panting against my skin, holding himself back.
He wouldnt let me look at him; I knew he thought he was a monster, that I'd be disgusted.
Mmmm...
L opened my mouth to speak, but only a moan escaped my throat.
---- The daggers tip began gliding over the exposed portion of my skin.
It was made of ice, but it could still kill under his command.
Slowly, it dragged across my skin like a venomous snake under his, control.
T gripped the edge of the tub when he started sliding it up my right arm; I arched, biting my lower lip when it reached my breast.
The sharp point traced around my nipple again and again, slow and torturous, a deadly dance.
He turned it to the flat edge and began running it up and down, playing with the hardened nub.
His hot tongue licked the shell of my ear, slipping in and out, sucking, groaning hoarsely and excitedly right in my ear.
My chest rose and fell faster and faster; the dagger stopped teasing my breast and slid upward over my goosebumped skinbetween the curves, across my sternum, to my collarbone.
My heart pounded wildly, breaths spilling from my mouth in quick gasps as the ice tip brushed my carotid.
He only needed to press a little harder, and this body could bleed out in seconds.
Twas a witch, not immortal or indestructible.
Yet, I did nothing to stop himI just exposed myself, surrendered to his hands, gave him the control he was silently begging for.
---- T cant explain why.
I cant understand the reasons.
go beautiful, a strange, hoarse voice whispered in my ear.
The thick darkness of his magic seeped through my pores, making me tremble, hovering above the water and diving deep into my bath.
I knew he was losing his mind over my submission, that allowing this was driving him insane with pleasure, pushing him to the edge of twisted ecstasyour madness resonating together.
Through Electras eyes, I stared at the ceiling full of paintings, my lips gasping, as the frozen tip climbed higher and higher, inch by inch, up my neck, over my jaw, my chin, and finally caressed my mouth.
At the same time, lustful kisses, possessive sucks, and deep bites assaulted my skin.
Heat and cold, danger and sex, desire, passion, and darkness.
Change the shape again, he moaned in my ear, and I felt like his slave.
lifted my trembling hand and pressed it over his.
The ice dagger morphed into a shape far too suggestive.
###Chapter 377
---- 221.
SHE-WOLF INSTINCTS SIGRID A hoarse moan escaped from deep in my chest.
My body arched upward, legs spread wide, my head hanging over silas's shoulder.
My toes curled and flexed, pressing against the bottom of the tub.
One hand clutched the edge while the other moved rhythmically, splashing water outside as it guided Silass hand underwater.
I dug my nails into his wrist, pushing him to thrust into me exactly where I needed it.
faster...
Silas, more...
ahh, right there, yes...
I moaned uncontrollably, my mind blank, burning with nothing but lust.
yimm, shhh, I heard him growl, sucking and kissing my neck, cupping and sensually squeezing my breasts with his free hand, playing with my nipples.
He was practically on top of my back like a caged wild animal, holding himself back from devouring me completely.
Every time that ice-cold dildo penetrated me, it went straight to that swollen, sensitive spot inside my pussy, shaking my sanity.
Silas moved the dildo in circles, stimulating my clit every time its coldness grazed it, alternating between long, sensual, deep, delicious strokes and quick, vigorous ones that drew screams of lust from me.
---- He was driving me insane.
I pushed my pelvis into his hand, riding it...
this was so hot and cold.
At first, I was afraid it might hurt, but right now, it felt like the fire in my pussy was melting the ice.
ah, ah, ah...
I moaned breathlessly with every thrust, grinding upward like a desperate slut.
The sound of water splashing against the tiles didnt stop.
I closed my eyes, rolling them back in pleasure, my head resting on his shoulder, arching completely, rising above the water's edge.
gaaahhbh, I groaned, pushing Silass hand deeper into my pussy, stuffing that dildo he had created from his desires all the way inside me.
The roughness, the hard texture, the cold temperatureall of it pushed me to the edge of an orgasm I couldnt come back from.
It was so perverted and erotic.
Our souls resonated together, and our magic fused, caressing each other.
I brought my free hand to his short hair, damp with sweat and water.
I turned my head and opened my mouth to bite deeply into his neck.
Twanted to mark him, make him mine.
If I were in my own body right now, my wolf and my vampire sides would be sinking their fangs into him.
The thick, intense taste of iron flooded my tongue, and I sucked ---- purely for the pleasure of the frenzy while the aftershocks of my orgasm trembled through my belly.
###Chapter 378
---- Witches didnt necessarily need blood; they fed on their partners magic during sex, and Silass magic was my aphrodisiac and my downfall.
It seemed dark, murderous, but I was crazy for this man who had somehow slipped in and managed to connect with my very being.
A dark growl echoed in my ears and vibrated in his throat.
The scent of his magic grew stronger, his masculinity spicy and intoxicating.
He panted harder and harder, and I heard the frantic, rapid thrusts of his hips slamming against the wood behind my back, seeking friction with his cock.
Silas was cumming, and imagining the semen spilling from that veiny, pink, massive dick d only glimpsed made my walls contract even tighter, releasing more sweet fluids My imagination ran wild, dreaming of that delicious cock filling me, wishing it wasnt this dildo but him mounting me, and I roared, sinking my teeth deeper into his neck until I suddenly snapped out of my feverish bubble.
Iwas following the forgotten instincts of my own body.
Seconds passed as I regained some clarity, realizing then that I had bitten him like a savage.
I licked his neck immediately, worried I had crossed a line.
It had to hurt like hell; witches teeth werent sharp enough to tear ---- through flesh cleanly.
silas, 'm sorry, oh Goddess, I bit you too deep, I completely dropped my Electra facade, worried about seeing resentment in his eyes; maybe he felt violated again.
Mmmm...
[moaned softly when he gently pulled the dildo out of my pussy.
The tip of the head, which mimicked a real cock, was half-melted.
Goddess, it was like I shoved it into an oven.
I pulled myself together a bit, turning to face him.
We were a mess: soaked, his clothes drenched, both of us sweaty and still breathless.
Pll heal you, Pll heal you right away...
No, he placed his hand over the bite marks on his neck and wouldnt let me touch him.
1 lifted my eyes, afraid of seeing something unpleasant in his gaze.
He adjusted his mask, which, with all the madness, I had no idea howit stayed in place.
silas, I dont have to touch you, I can do it from here.
Come on, it must hurt...
I dont want to remove it, he replied, looking straight at me.
I could even see the hidden challenge in that golden eye.
His voice sounded magnetic and raspy, hoarse and wild.
---- Why not? L asked, intrigued.
Are you going to force me? Is that an order? What? No, no, I just...
I dont want to hurt you.
Fine, were not going to argue about this; if you dont want to, you dont want to, period.
I started to get up, a bit frustrated.
Who could understand him? The change in temperature made me shiver a little.
Now that I had calmed the fire for amoment, my body temperature was starting to normalize.
lifted my leg to get out and almost slipped.
This lazy witch, so used to being served in everything.
Strong arms held me firmly.
Silas scooped me up right away, carrying me against his chest like a princess, out of the bathroom and into the bedroom, laying me gently on the bed.
Twas completely naked, and I caught him looking at me lustfully or at least at Electras body.
I covered myself a bit with the sheet and ordered him to fetch me a nightgown and a towel.
###Chapter 379
---- 222.
I WILL HEAL YOU SIGRID Suddenly, a strange feeling stirred inside me.
I was slow when it came to relationships, but I wasnt an idiot.
It was obvious that Silas was attracted to Electrahis actions told me that.
I wasnt forcing him to do anything.
Tlowered my gaze, and through his dark pants, I saw the sticky stain of his released desire.
I hadnt even touched him.
He was only giving me pleasureor rather, this bodyand yet, he had cum.
Could it be because of the compatibility of our magic? The soul resonance theory felt less crazy each time.
But Silas thought that magic belonged to Electrait didnt.
silas, my name is Sigrid.
Im not this woman.
Your dark, cursed magic craves mine, mine, not Electras.
I lowered my head and closed my eyes, sitting on the bed, now trembling from the cold, pulling my exposed legs close.
I could feel my intimacy swollen from the penetration of that hard .
Does it hurt? Suddenly, a voice spoke near me, and I looked up.
He was leaning over me.
His brow furrowed, his eyes examining me all over.
Was he worried about me? No.
---- He was worried about Electra, about this witch who would stay with him and shatter his soul again when I left.
Yes, it hurts.
It hurts a lot.
I couldnt help but break down for a second.
I wanted to be weak.
I missed my home.
I wasnt sure how to get back or if my family was suffering.
I didnt know what to do with all these confusing feelings inside me.
I stretched out my arms, and in a second, he lifted me against his chest, sitting me on his strong thighs as he cradled this body protectively.
1 felt so small, clinging to his wet shirt, burying my nose in his damaged but comforting, secure skin.
I found myself surrounded by that dark aura, chilling, like tentacles wanting to pierce inside, and [ let it in.
T lowered my barriers and let him console me, cover me, and hide meeven if just for amomentfrom this chaotic reality.
eee When I opened my eyes again, I was a little disoriented.
When did I fall asleep? I propped myself up slightly, my body dry, comfortable, dressed in one of Electras scandalous nightgowns.
silas, I felt him nearby and called out, my voice thick and groggy.
My lady, I heard him and saw a black shadow emerge from a dim ---- corner of the room.
Having a man like that watching you obsessively while you sleep could be anyones nightmare, but for me, it was comforting.
Does it still hurt, my lady? I...
was too rough.
You can punish this slave, he said, lowering his head, standing beside the bed.
I applied the magical medicine you gave me for my wounds.
I dont know if it worked.
I can apply more...
wait, Silas, wait...
I stopped him when he nervously went to grab a small glass jar from the nightstand.
T recognized it.
[had prepared that ointment for him, and his scars looked much better.
Rough? Punish? silas, what are you talking about? Where...
where do you think it hurts? The moment I asked, I regretted it.
I shifted my thighs, and they felt slick and cool between them.
Your intimacy, he said plainly, looking down at my abdomen.
T checked, and there was no blood or tears inside, at least at the entrance of the vagina, but the petals were very swollen and red.
The clit was swollen too.
I shouldnt have put something that hard inside, but your hand kept pushing me more and moreI thought it was okay...
T think this was the longest conversation hed had with me, and by far the most embarrassing.
###Chapter 380
---- Sexuality wasnt a taboo topic for Silas; his whole life revolved around it.
Here I was, in an existential crisis, and he was checking my vulva or rather, Electras...
or maybe it was mine...
Aahhhhh, damn it! Silas, Silas, I get it, I get it...
My ears were about to start steaming.
If you open your legs, I can apply more medicine.
No, take that jar away, Im not in pain my pain was never because of that! its all gone, Im fine.
I looked at him, and I couldve sworn I saw disappointment in his eye.
What more do you want?! You've practically seen my fallopian tubes while I slept! Call the staff and tell them to prepare dinner to be served here in the room.
T uncovered myself and lowered my legs to slip on my shoes.
He immediately knelt and gently took my ankles to put on the soft, fluffy slippers.
Tsighed, feeling the urge to reach out and run my hand through his platinum hair.
His clothes looked dryseems like he changed after his little exploration between my legs Tell the staff to bring two glasses and lots of wine, I added ---- quietly, thinking about my plans for the night.
In fact, the evening was already moving along swiftly.
Pwo glasses? He lifted his head, asking me curiously, but then realized he seemed to be questioning me again.
Pm sorry, my lady.
Pll inform them right away.
I nodded and got out of bed, heading to the vanity.
My hair was still slightly damp from sleeping and probably a mess, I'd start getting dressed for the private dinner.
I thought Silas would leave and go downstairs to give my orders to the kitchen, but he simply pulled the cord and relayed my words through the magical device.
Ihuffed in amusementI couldve done that myself.
His green eyes then turned to the reflection in the mirror.
By all the heavens! What the...?! My fingers traced my neck, especially one sidethe one that had been in contact with his mouth.
My skin was covered in bite marks, redness, hickeys shaped like delicate lips.
Goddess, here I was worried about the little bite I gave him, and he had ravaged every inch of my neck.
That's why it felt a bit sore and itchyeven my collarboneand when I pulled the nightgown down, my right shoulder too.
---- Are you a cold-blooded snake or a dog? What the hell.
A shadow suddenly covered the light from the huge chandelier hanging from the ceiling.
###Chapter 381
---- 223.
DEADLY DINNER SIGRID lifted my eyes to the reflection and caught him staring at my neck, only for him to completely pretend he wasnt! Bad slave, I could punish you for that! Instead of fingering my pussy, you shouldve applied the balm here! My lady, I can brush your hair, he said, leaning in and picking up the brush, playing dumb.
No one said anything.
I pulled the fallen sleeve of the nightgown back into place and nodded.
My eyes drifted to the side of his neck, where the deep bite I left glared back at me, red and fierce.
The truth was, he hadnt sunk his teeth into me the way I had into him.
Well, whateverwe're a pair of lunatics, no point denying it.
The soft brushing felt amazing.
He patiently ran the brush through every strand, caressing my hair with his hands, my scalp, the nape of my neck, my forehead.
Who taught him to do this so well? For a second, I imagined him doing this with Lucrecia, and my blood boiled in my veins.
---- Ineeded to think of something else, but remembering Lucrecia also gave me the push to interrogate him a little.
Now that he wasnt like beforelike a skittish animalwe'd done alot of things, and I didnt want to dig into his miseries, but there were so many things about Silas that unsettled me.
Silas, I wanted to ask you some questions.
I hope you dont feel uncomfortable, I began.
But immediately, his fingers stiffened, his posture tensedthough it only lasted a few seconds before he disguised it better.
Tell me, my lady, he said, staring at my hair and continuing to brush.
L've noticed that power inside you.
Its aggressive magic, concentrated in your eye.
At first, I thought it was a burn, but now I realize its a curse.
Silas, how did you get that? Thoped hed be honest with me.
Such destructive and mind-blowing magicwhat was it doing inside an elemental, and how could they even coexist symbiotically? I dont remember, my lady.
I...
dont remember much.
I think, before you went into that tree, Lucrecia erased many memories from my mind, he said, bringing his hand to his forehead.
His eye darted erratically, his expression began to shiftit looked like trying to remember hurt him.
Wait, wait, Silas, dont force yourself, dont! I stood up and held ---- his cheeks, making him look at me.
We'll figure it out, we'll figure it all out.
I just want you to know one thing, SilasI..
I swallowed, wondering if I was doing the right thing by saying this.
It was getting harder to fake anything in front of him.
Tm not going to hurt you.
Im not her.
I mean, Im not Lucrecia.
I dont I know, he interrupted, I know you're not her.
He said it with such conviction, so sure, staring straight at me like he was piercing my soulmine, Sigridseven though he was talking about Lucrecia, not Electra.
Good.
I know remembering is painful, but its strange.
I sense Lucrecia is experimenting with very macabre things with the elementals, and I think thats going to be dangerous for everyone.
J want to remember, even if it hurts.
My mind cant be more shattered.
I...
I want to remember everything, he said, lifting his cold hand and placing it over mine.
We'll do it little by little, I nodded, and my chest filled with warmth.
I would take care of him...
at least while Im here.
ilas, also...
the new slave is coming to dinner tonight, I added softly and calmly.
shit, the psycho killer mode is back! Morgana is watching meI need to control the situation, I quickly found myself explaining.
###Chapter 382
---- This is getting more bizarre by the second.
js that the only reason? Are you sure you dont like her? His brow furrowed, and he ground his teeth.
suddenly, I wanted to flip things a bitI was always the passive one when I was supposed to be the mistress.
I grabbed the lapel of his shirt and tugged him slightly toward me, catching him by surprise.
silas, my Silas, Im addicted to ice figurines now, I whispered, brazenly letting my gaze drop to his crotch.
J like cocks, darling.
Exactly like yours.
End of story.
Then 1 let him go without looking at his face again, turning my back to him and quickly walking to the wardrobe, as if I'd pulled off some grand seductive featwhen in reality, I was redder than a tomato.
eee SILAS Tcouldnt stop a hint of a smile from appearing on my rigid lips.
How adorable is my lady, trying to seduce me while pretending to be tough.
I thought as I followed her to help pick out the most low-cut dress she had.
Tneeded that slave to see very clearly who this woman belonged to.
---- SIGRID They brought dinner as I ordered and served it on the terrace table.
Other times when we were alone, Silas had gotten used to eating by my side, but today he stood in a corner, silent and watchfulor rather, threatening.
You're here, I said as I sat in the chair and saw the slave enter just as the staff was leaving the room with bows.
Of course, my lady, she walked slowly, wearing a heavy, fluffy fur cloak with simple slippers.
Pve prepared myself as my lady commanded, Would you like to verify? She opened the cloak.
We were outside, and it was cold.
Her naked body was exposed.
No, close your cloak, or you'll catch a cold.
Im eating now...
J can serve your food, my lady, she tried to step forward.
No.
Are you deaf? Go stand in that corner.
I want to eat in peace, I stopped her coldly.
I could bend with Silas, but only with himand partly because theres a spell that wont let him betray me, or he'll die.
...
Pm sorry, my lady, she lowered her head, and as she moved toward the corner, I noticed out of the corner of my eye how she ---- suddenly froze.
###Chapter 383
---- 224.
CAN I KILL HER NOW? SIGRID Obviously, and I dont blame herif you're swallowed in darkness where no light reaches, and all you can see is a golden eye staring at you like a snake waiting to devour you.
{...
she steps back in terror.
Better stand in the other corner, I order with a sigh, avoiding a tragedy.
Silas suddenly steps out from the corner where he had stationed himself.
He goes to the table and starts finely carving the meat the way I like it, serving the things I prefer onto my plate, trimming off the fatty bits of ham I dont like, and pouring a bit of wine into my glass All done with skill and speedI sit there, stunned, realizing hes memorized all my preferences.
Must be part of his training to be the perfect slave.
My lady, Pll turn up the heat.
You should take off that heavy cloak itll be uncomfortable to eat in.
Shall I bring you a lighter one? he asks, playing it casual.
But his hands are already moving to lower the fluffy cloak, to reveal the top of my body.
The burgundy dress Im wearing has ruched sleeves that fall ---- loosely off my shoulders.
The straight neckline, like a corset, leaves my chest and neck fully exposed.
No, Pll put up a protective barrier.
The terrace will be warm, I say, watching him for a second.
Look at him, so pleased.
I can almost see a tail wagging behind his ass like a happy dogright after biting me to pieces.
He nods and steps back, leaving the cloak on the other chair.
He heads back to his corner, but of course, that dark aura of his is intimidating the poor girl.
Just one glance at her, and I see her eyes widen like saucers, scanning my neck and cleavage.
Tll heal it tomorrowitll vanish in no timebut for today, Ill let him enjoy this little fantasy.
Late calmly, really just staring off into the distance, at the lights in all the houses, the chimney smoke rising into the beautiful night shy.
Everyone in this fiefdom worked for and depended on this family, even neighborhoods of elementals who were mostly farmers, plowing the De la Croix fields.
Playing with fire, still trusting in the so-called justice of this world, in the laws imposed by the royal family, even though everyone secretly knew they werent upheld.
silas, pour wine into two glasses, I wiped my mouth with the white napkin and got up from the table, walking toward her.
###Chapter 384
---- Pm very pleased youre my slave.
Tonight, you'll serve me.
If you're obedient, I'll treat you well.
My own words made my skin crawl.
The girl smiled shyly and lowered her head.
Pll do everything to please my lady, I heard her whisper and then footsteps approaching.
I couldve sworn Id stopped the air currents, yet something cold was freezing my back.
I turned, and Silas handed me a glass, his expression hard, intimidating.
He was pissed, despite being part of my planbut still, he followed through without making mistakes.
He'd taken advantage of her being distracted to slip the spell I given him into her drink.
Here, he handed the enchanted glass to the girl, who didnt take it and just stared at me.
Take it, dear.
Its to toast your arrival at my mansion, I ordered, pressing my lips to my own glass and taking a long sip.
She was terrified of SilasI suspected hed secretly threatened her.
With trembling hands, she finally grabbed the glass under the fierce gaze of my silver-haired man.
silas, return to your post, I ordered because he was impossible.
---- He obeyed, and she relaxed abit, slowly drinking the wine, which carried a powerful spell to control her mind and scramble her perception, memories, and reality.
She dropped like a fainted chicken in less than five minutes.
Can 1 kill her now? Who said we're going to kill her? I shot him a you're insufferable look.
T dont like being controlled, and killing her wont solve this problem.
I'll cast a spell on you now.
Take her to her roomno one will see youand leave her in her bed.
He looked at me, then at the girl.
Silas, dont even think about it.
Ill punish you.
Youre getting way too rebellious, I raised a finger in front of his face, angry.
He lowered his lips and gently kissed the fingertip, leaving me completely stunned.
Then he turned and walked over to the slaves body.
When you thought hed go right, he surprised you from the left.
He had me crazy, and I was faking this sweet little lamb act less and less.
Fine, I focused, stretching out my hands and casting a simple spell that concealed them from any nosy servants eyes.
Take her and leave her in bed as if she'd woken up there.
---- Yes, my lady, he replied, and I thought hed carry herbut nope.
He roughly grabbed her by the armpits and started dragging her like a rag doll.
I stood there, the scolding stuck in my throat, stretching out my hand, only to pinch the bridge of my nose.
Goddess, what am I going to do with this man? But damn, he looks so sexy.
Can I keep him and take him with me? Is that even allowed? seper SILAS That night, I stood guard outside that slaves room after leaving her just as my lady ordered.
###Chapter 385
---- 225.
MY FAVORITE SLAVE SILAS When everyone was asleep, in the shadows, I began to hear low moans.
I approached the door to her room in the service quarters.
Thated that my lady hadnt sent her to the barrackswhy did she have to give her special treatment? Now I understood why; she was smart, she had her own plans.
"Mmmm, my lady is so beautiful..." "I love my lady...
mmm, my lady, I want to touch you..." came the indecent feminine whispers.
I clenched my teeth and punched the wall, knocking a chunk of the old bricks loose.
Thad to control myself; I couldnt alert the other servants or give in to this murderous impulse.
That whore was moaning as if she were in bed with my lady; it mustve been the spellshe probably thought she was pleasing her in her room.
It was all fake, but just imagining the scenes running through her filthy mind made my blood boil The delusions of this slave didnt matter.
My lady only found pleasure with me.
She fell asleep in my arms, so small, so perfect...
---- An intense feeling burned in my chest having her snuggled against my bodyher scent, her presence.
It was an intimacy Id never experienced beforedifferent, unique ...
irreplaceable and addictive.
I wanted so badly to protect her.
Me...
just an elemental, when she was such a powerful being, even housing that other witch inside her.
She had to like me.
Just me...
She even bit me! I touched my neck.
It wasnt the only mark ever made on my body, far from itbut it was the first one Id actually wanted.
It turned me on so much, feeling her feeding on my blood, my life, how she enjoyed it...
she pushed me to the limits, made me feel strange things, but things I craved.
I wanted to experience more of these intense emotions.
Iwanted everything with that woman.
where are you from, what are you really? Witches dont do things like that.
Vampires and she-wolves had toyed with me before.
That entity that draws me indoes it also have to do with vampires or lycans? I thought she was just another powerful witch.
---- I think I once heard that women from the royal family were different, the most powerfulbut rare and scarce.
Was she from that lineage? Ttried to distract my mind with pleasant thoughts about my lady, but my cur$e twisted with a maddening urge to kill.
I suppressed it fiercely and waited, listening like a masochist until almost dawn when the excited, lascivious moans finally stopped.
Soon, the castle would come back to life.
T gave one last look at the wooden door and returned to my room to clean myself thoroughly.
I always felt dirty, no matter how many times I scrubbed my skin raw.
T wasnt better than that slavein fact, I was much, much worse.
She wasnt as contaminated as I was.
And yet, Im the ugly frog at the bottom of the well, dreaming of at least being beside the beautiful swan on the surface.
I stepped out and dried off, putting on one of the outfits my lady had custom-made for me at the fiefs tailor.
I stroked the dark fabric and picked up my mask, heading out to tell the staff to prepare her breakfast.
Where are you going? I questioned a footman heading toward the tower.
Oh, Ithis missive arrived for Miss De la Croix.
###Chapter 386
---- Give it to me.
Ill deliver it, I said dominantly, extending my hand.
He hesitated for a few seconds, but I only had to press a little before he handed over the sealed letter.
Iwas only submissive to my lady.
I had never bowed my head unless it was for my own convenience, for survivaland certainly not in front of another slave.
Texamined the letter with its red wax seal.
For some reason, it seemed familiar.
Id seen it beforeobviously, in the place where d spent practically my entire life, that damn mansion.
I climbed the stairs to deliver it to my lady, hoping this invitation wouldnt disturb the closeness we had achieved so far.
od ONE DAY BEFORE THE INVITATION ARRIVED...
LUCRECIA My lady, forgive this slave for interrupting, but the missive you were expecting has arrived.
Excellent! Give it to me, give it to me! I stretched out my hand, eager to read what Id been longing for.
I tore the envelope open impatiently, sitting in the attic of my bathroom.
---- Mmmm, excellent.
Very good, Vlad, very good, I moaned, pleased to see my plans to win over the powerful Vlad vampire family were going perfectly.
I spread my legs wider and hiked the sheer nightgown up to my waist, leaning down to grab the blond head sucking my pussy.
Move your tongue the way I ordered, more, more...
I moaned, turned on by how everything was going exactly as I wanted.
Get Evermere Hall ready.
The party will be held there so the next Viad heir can find his little bride.
We need to make sure the candidates suit usno families loyal to the crown, I began scheming, and the butler nodded.
Come, fuck me, I tugged the shackle chain around the new slaves neck.
He sat up, coughingsuch weak lungs.
Its not like Id made him choke that hard.
Bring more love juices, I ordered, pulling down his lower eyelid with my finger, checking his pupilsthey werent dilated and dark enough.
The black magic spell was wearing off too fast.
This elemental couldnt retain the shadows for long, and I needed them well concentrated when he came inside me, Come on! What are you waiting for to shove that cock in me?! leaned back against the attic impatiently, ruthlessly gripping the thick chain in my hands that kept him obedient by force.
---- Mmmm, harder, harder...
he started fucking me, grabbing my hips and pounding into me, kneeling on the bathroom tiles.
looked at his handsome facewell, not so handsome anymore since that auction.
Such a hassle with these elementals.
The dark spell I injected into their veins destroyed them too quickly.
Only one had ever been up to the task.
Him...
Tglanced at his cockyeah, not bad, but it wasnt thick enough to fill me the way I craved.
Not as hard, not as red and veiny, not as delicious as his...
I closed my eyes, though I didnt want to.
My mind always drifted back to him...
His arrogant, untamable eyes, his furious, tearing thrusts, his hands sinking into my body with visceral hatred that made my womb tremble.
Oh yes, yes, give it to me harder, ssshhh, my darling, Im your fucking owner whether you hate it or not.
Youre mine, my property, my toy! Aaaabhh...
I rocked my hips fast, impaling myself vigorously.
###Chapter 387
---- 226, "GRAY" LUCRECIA I told him everything he hated to hear, everything that made him feel more vulnerable, more resentfulbecause thats what made him rougher with me.
That delicious tingling ravaged my pussy while those golden eyes devoured me with bitterness.
But hate is also passion, and no one had ever taken me with such vehemence in my life.
Gray, cum inside your mistress, cum for me, my silver-haired boy ..
ahhh, Gray, oh yes, darling! Graaaay! Twas right on the edge, just a few more thrusts, just a little more, but then I heard a growl and felt the milky essence filling my pussy.
I snapped my eyes open, furious.
That fucking slave had cum before me again, he couldn't even handle a few quick thrusts! You idiot! I slapped him with all the pent-up rage I felt.
I grabbed the other end of the chain and stood up, frustrated and left wanting again.
He collapsed to the floor, clutching his head, curling up in a fetal position, whimpering.
That enraged me even more, so I started whipping him with the ---- same chain wrapped around my handI didnt care if his neck snapped in the process.
You pathetic crybaby! Always whining and sobbing all day! I let it slide the first time because you were a virgin, but youve done it too many times now to be cumming this fast! My hand rose and fell with fury, and at least I felt some pleasure every time the thick chains, electrified with my magic, sank into his flesh, burning it and leaving black and red welts.
you dont even know how to please a woman, you moron, you lazy piece of shit! How dare you cum before your mistress?! Its not like youre even that good at fucking! Im going to flay you alive, you worthless slave!! The rage in my heart soared as the frustration once again overwhelmed my senses.
Sometimes, I regretted itregretted getting rid of Gray.
He was my ideal slave.
The only one who could truly satisfy me, who made me feel alive, who never bowed his head and faced me, defying me, even when I tore him to shreds.
He had arrived in my hands a virgin too, and younger than this idiot, so his inexperience was no excuse.
Gray was my real challenge, and I never managed to fully tame him.
On top of that, he was the only elemental who truly assimilated that dark magic, those shadows, and even fed them with his own hatred.
###Chapter 388
---- Every time he fucked me, I could feel that incredible power surging through my belly, my veins, making me stronger.
But he became too destructive, too autonomous, with a life of his own.
He completely slipped from my control and began to obey Grays desires, started attacking me.
Twas scared like never before.
I confess that the last timewhen I finally decided to get rid of Grayhe almost killed me while fucking me.
I experienced true terror feeling him sucking me dry, like a bottomless vortex, out of control, swallowing all my black magic.
My favorite slave attacked me with all his fury and resentment.
That dark energy was incredible, but I didnt achieve my real goal with Gray: to mold, from an elemental being, artificially, my magical soulmatethe sacred union.
Gray was...
almost perfect.
But because of that one detail, his soul would never resonate with mine, and in the end, he wouldve created my own destruction.
Take him and heal him again! I want him perfect for tamorrow at least his pretty face is good for earning his plate of food, 1 threw the chains, now coated with bits of flesh and blood, onto the floor.
Immediately, a slave brought me a cloth to clean my hands.
Clean up this mess, I said with disgust, glancing at the trail of blood from the slaves body.
---- and youstrip, I ordered the slave girl, who immediately set down the tray and began removing her robe.
Vietro, bring more slavestwo more.
Lets see if they can do something useful.
lay back down in the attic, thinking about my next plans.
Come, clean up this mess properly, I ordered, pointing between my legs where the useless idiots cum remained.
He barely even released any dark magicwhat a waste of my efforts.
Well, at least things with the Vlad family were going well.
I smiled coldly, watching the brunette head move between my thighs.
Tneed to perfect my experiments as soon as possibletheyre my trump card and the reason those important families are backing me.
So, the Selenias were supposed to be queens? I dont think so.
That throne will pass into the hands of the Silver family.
The order in this world is about to changevery soon.
stick your tongue in deeper, or you'll end up worse than the last slave...
ad SIGRID ---- Tomorrow night was the Vlad familys masquerade ball.
Finally, an opportunity to see my great-uncleI needed to communicate with my family no matter what.
Talso discovered another harsh truth, one I had suspected: 1 couldnt tell anyone who I was or where I came from, even if I wanted to.
Thad a moment of madness and tried with Silas, just to test it even if he didnt believe me.
My mouth sealed shut as if glued, and my tongue wouldnt move.
Thad to come up with some nonsense afterward to justify acting like a lunatic.
Damn that fucking deity...
and their way of complicating my life! I'd figure it out Now, while trying on the outfit Id wear tonight, I looked through the reflection in the wardrobe mirror.
What do I do with Silas? Do I take him with me, or leave him safe here at the mansion?
###Chapter 389
---- 227.
IT'S FOR YOUR SAFETY SIGRID You dont need to put my shoes on, Silas, I can do it myself, I snatched the boots from his hand and slipped them on alone.
Honestly, having someone constantly around helping me with everything was starting to give me a headache.
But his silent presence didnt bother meI allowed it.
Still, something told me the storms were about to roll in.
My lady, Pll quickly head to my room to change.
The blue suit you had tailored for medo you think its appropriate? he suddenly stood up ina rush.
Better if I try it on, and you can tell me...
Wait, Silas, I stopped him as he was turning his back.
Theres no need for you to change.
You're not coming with me to the party.
I stared at his broad, stiff back.
He stayed silent, not turning around, but I could feel itthe whirlwind of emotions stirring inside him.
Its dangerous.
They might recognize you.
I dont know if Lucrecia Ts it because of my horrendous appearance? he spun around suddenly, and I clenched my fists at the desolation in that golden eye.
---- No, weve talked about this.
It doesnt bother me But it bothers others.
They'll criticize you for having me as your companion, he said, his gaze erratic, all those negative insecurities pouring out of him like a flood.
Topened my mouth to correct him, but he beat me to it.
Maybe you could change my hair color, a transformation spell.
I don't think anyone would remember me.
Ill be like a shadow by your side, my lady.
Dont leave me behind.
I wont embarrass you, he tooka step toward me, but I stepped back.
T knew very well Silas was an expert manipulatorit came naturally.
I imagine he had to learn it to survive.
It was one thing for me to let him because it suited me or I liked it, and another thing entirely for me not to notice.
J said no, and thats final! I snapped, my voice hard and unyielding.
It hurt my chest, but I was doing this for his own good.
Tf its because of that witch...
if 1 see her, I swear I wont approach her.
I wont do anything to put you in danger Silas, know your place once and for all! I cut him off.
Enough negotiating! Dont confuse my favoritism with weaknessyoure still my fucking slave! He froze in place, but he didnt lower his head like he usually did.
That darkness started seeping from his body like a second skin.
Was he going to attack me now that I wasnt giving in to his demands? ---- I prepared for anything.
Silas was far too unpredictable.
J just want to protect you, my lady...
and I dont need your protection.
What makes you think an elemental, no matter how special, could surpass a powerful witch?
###Chapter 390
---- I didnt want to hurt him.
I didnt...
but he was too stubborn.
You're staying, and thats my final word, I said, walking with all the strength I could muster.
Complex emotions swirled in my chest, but I couldnt afford to Jose control.
My steps led me to the door, but I could feel him at my backthe danger, sharp and deadly, cold, ready for anything.
My fingers paused on the doorknob as J lifted my chin.
A dark hand of black magic formed around Electras white, fragile neck.
His power was so destructive, on the verge of scorching the skin.
Just a little squeeze, and he would hurt me.
He was out of control, and I did nothing to stop him.
I wanted to see how far he would go.
To see if he really was a threat to me.
silas, let me go...
I murmured in a low, sharp, angry voice.
Then chain me up, lock me in the dungeons with your strongest spellthe most aggressive and deadly...
---- and if I dont? If I dont give in to your demands, what will you do? I suddenly turned, and he was right at my back.
He was barely visible, submerged in shadows and darkness.
The wooden mask was splintered from the destructive wave and missing pieces.
Through the cracks, I saw that abyssdevouring me, crushing me, craving to dominate meand that only enraged me more.
No one controls me unless I want them to.
Then Pll follow you.
ll escape and chase you to the ends of the world if I have to...
['m not casting any fucking spell...
I raised my hand and plunged it into that dark haze, grabbing his tense jaw with all my strength and yanking him toward me, his face inches from mine.
Barely holding back my Selenia powers, which were spiraling out of control with the rage coursing through my veins.
Pm not going to chain you.
Im not going to spellbind you.
You'll stay right here in this fucking room, and you wont leave because I say so, because I order it.
Woe to you if you disobey me, Silas.
My breathing was rapid, our wills clashing, colliding like titans.
He was stronghe was.
My silhouette was barely visible, submerged in all that crazed darkness that began to fill the room.
His golden eye, the healthy one, started to blacken too.
He just stared and stared at me, battling my command, battling himself.
---- Tell me if I made myself clear, I tightened my grip.
My mouth hovered over his slightly parted lips, our mouths brushing with each threat, his 6'5" frame towering over my barely 5'7" body.
Silas! Yes, my lady, he finally answered after what felt like an eternity, lowering his gaze at last, surrenderingapparently.
His chaotic magical power began retreating into his body, the haze caressing my skin with melancholy.
Iraised my free hand in the air, and it tangled around my fingers, unwilling to let me go.
If this was what a few hours of separation felt like, what would it be like to leave forever?
###Chapter 391
---- 228.
UNINVITED GUEST SIGRID The idea of taking him into the future was growing stronger, but how would I do it? Pl be back.
Just obey, be good, and Ill reward you, I finally let him go, throwing ina bribe for good measure.
It hurt to see the redness on his chin.
I wanted to heal him, but I couldnt give in nowor my words would lose all meaning.
I turned my back and left the room, slamming the door behind me.
I stood in the hallway for a few seconds, gripping the doorknob.
I could feel him on the other side, like he was silently screaming for me.
I closed my eyes and slipped on Electras mask.
Today was going to be treacherous and importantI couldnt fail.
Before going downstairs, I secured the door and the room with a simple spell.
Id know if anyone went in or out.
If Silas disobeyed me, Id find out.
If anyone else entered here, I'd know that too.
od Miss Electra, the butler draped the heavy cloak over my shoulders as he saw me off at the front door.
I stepped outside, pulling on my leather gloves.
A carriage was already waiting, and the coachman was Grimm.
---- My lady, thank you for allowing me to accompany you, he bowed like the bootlicking traitor he was.
Fine.
We're going straight to Evermere Hall, I ordered without giving him a second glance.
He opened the carriage door and extended his arm to help me up the steps.
Trested my hand in his, using the opportunity to cast a tracking spell.
[wanted to know where he was at all times during the party.
If I brought him along, it was to ensure he didnt plot anything against Silas while I was awayand to keep him under control.
Isettled into the plush velvet seats.
Dressed in a stunning black gown.
The lace over my chest climbed up, forming a tangled choker around my neck.
My hair was loose, smoky makeup just the way Electra liked it.
Today, I had to give one of my best performances.
The carriage started moving with Grimms whip cracking over the horses.
We left the inner courtyard of my mansion, and I lifted my head to glance at the tallest tower.
I didnt need any magic to know that behind one of the terrace columns, my beloved torment was watching me.
###Chapter 392
---- I truly hoped he obeyed this time.
I closed the curtain and checked my inner pocket, well hidden, where I kept the little box of pearls I'd acquired at the auction.
Today, one way or another, I had to see Zareks father.
I was convinced nowZarek hadnt even been born yet during these ancient times.
I didnt even know if his parents were engaged.
Dd have to come up with some excuse to separate myself from my De la Croix sisters, who were surely attending the party on their own.
However, I was wrong, and as soon as I arrived, I ran into a problem.
What's going on, Grimm? Why are you stopping for so long? I pushed aside the dark curtain, looking outside.
Dusk was painting the horizon; we were in line with other carriages waiting to pass through the enormous gate at the base of a hill.
Miss Electra, they say there must be some mistake.
The De la Croix house wasnt invited to this private celebration, he told me, frowning.
What? Did you show them the invitation? Yes, my lady.
Even so, they say were not on the listthat maybe it could be...
fake, he muttered through gritted teeth.
1 got out immediately.
This was a full-blown humiliation, and right now, it wouldnt take much for me to actually be Electra.
Explain to my face what you just told my servant, I strode ---- arrogantly toward the massive closed gate.
It was guarded by four witches and two vampires The guest list was held by a hybrid man who looked like a butler or something.
Miss Electra De la Croix, Im so sorry, my lady, he began to bow, abit nervous but firmof course, there was power backing him.
I dont give a damn about your apologies.
The Vlad house invited me to this celebration.
They made me come all the way here, and now you're accusing me of lying and forging this invitation? I tooka threatening step forward.
My lady, please dont get upset.
We truly apologize.
It seems there was a mistake.
No one is accusing you of anything, one of the witches stepped forward, the others ready to confront me.
[￡ the mistake was yours, how is that my fault? Im already here, and Im not leaving.
So open the fucking gate now, I glared at her and let some of the magic I could control from Electras body seep out.
The atmosphere was sharpit only needed a spark to ignite.
They were many, but I had to see Alessandre Vlad, no matter what.
Pm sorry, but we cant open it.
Leave willingly or by force...
What kind of manners are these for treating our guests? Suddenly, a cold voice sounded nearby.
sir, it seems there was a mistake, but we're already sorting it out, one of the vampires turned to face the newcomer, who had ---- emerged from the forest inside the mansion grounds.
I controlled the impulse of my heartit was my great-uncle! Mistake or whatever, Miss De la Croix is already here.
What makes you think shes going to turn back? And besides, youre holding up the line with your idiocy! He growled at them, baring his fangs, his red eyes full of threats.
Really, all the curious onlookers behind me were whispering, sticking their heads out of their carriage windows.
Inno time, they opened the gates for me.
I didnt understand some things, but I went along with it.
Miss Electra, please, Im deeply embarrassed.
Allow me to apologize to you personally, he approached me, offering a polite greeting and glancing briefly into the carriage.
I caught his signal immediately.
###Chapter 393
---- 229.
LURKING IN THE DARKNESS SIGRID Of course, my lord.
If you'll accompany me on the way to the mansion...
truth is, Im still a bit upset, I replied, sticking to all these silly protocols.
He helped me into the carriage, and to the eyes of everyone else, it seemed like a polite gesture, just an apology.
The door closed, the curtain was drawn, and the carriage began its ascent up the hill toward the mansion grounds.
As soon as we were out of sight, the friendly atmosphere turned cold and hostile.
['m the one who sent the missive personally.
The De la Croix family was not invited to this celebration, he clarified, surprising me alittle, but then he added: The guest list was handled by the Silver family, allies of my family.
Ahh, now I understood.
No matter how much we pretended, the De la Croix and the Silvers were rivalstwo powerful families of witches.
Morgana and Lucrecia werent exactly best friends.
So, what exactly am I doing here, Mr.
Vlad? I asked, my curiosity piqued about this character.
---- Uncle Zarek didnt talk much about his parents.
[ think you know very well why youre here.
You have something I want, and apparently, you desire what I obtained at that auction.
Otherwise, why would you have alerted me that night? How perceptive.
Well, no point in pretending anymore.
Where and when do we make the exchange? I said, unfazed by his auraElectra was a powerful witch too.
PlLlet you know.
Stay alert and be careful, Miss Electra.
There are many witches here who dont like the De la Croix, he warned, slipping on a dark mask he held in his hand They should be careful with me, I replied with a cold smile, picking up the golden mask lying on the seat.
He nodded, and when the carriage stopped, he was the first to step out.
I took a deep breath.
Things had started off on the right foot.
Though ideally, we wouldve made the exchange in the carriage but obviously, he was testing me first.
He didnt trust me...
and I didnt trust him.
Ineeded to shake off the sentimentality.
This wasnt my time, and they didnt know the future or who I really was.
Grimm assisted me as I descended, and I lifted my head, observing the imposing white stone mansion beyond the expansive garden.
###Chapter 394
---- Take the horses to the stables and protect the carriage, Grimm, Keep everything ready in case we need to leave quickly, I ordered, and he nodded.
Miss, I can accompany you and assist Thats not necessary.
Do as I command and dont leave the stables, I cut him off sharply, seeing the resentment in his eyes before he quickly lowered them.
I couldnt care less about his feelings.
What did concern me was the explanation Id have to give Morgana about why only I was invited to this party.
I'd figure that out later.
Now, time to face this pack of witches and vampires, even lycans, who were already casting glances at me the moment I stepped out of the carriage.
My boots clicked against the flagstone path in the garden, A servant immediately bowed and offered to guide me.
I followed him, surveying my dimly lit surroundings, filled with lanterns nestled among the cypresses and pines like scattered points of light.
Laughter echoed, murmurs hummed, and footmen served drinks everything looked like a lively party, just getting started.
But from Electras memories, I knew this was only the surface.
Beneath it, treacherous currents twisted through the rotten heart of this society.
---- And then I saw herthe queen bitch herselfstanding at the enormous open doors of the mansion, welcoming the arriving guests, flanked by two mature vampires.
They had to be the current monarchs of the Vlad housethe great~ uncles parents.
What a shame theyd allied with that bastard, which only made me distrust them even more.
Lucrecia Silver.
I had to be very careful with her.
I'd made the right decision not bringing Silas with me.
I straightened my back, plastered on my best ironic, fake smile, and walked toward them.
eee SILAS I won't stay locked in this room.
However, I also cant openly disobey my lady.
She was so angryshe revealed her true essence, her real self.
So beautiful and dangerous.
I wasnt afraid, just...
I didnt want to disappoint her.
But...
what if someone broke into the room? What if [had no choice but to defend myself and escape to where my lady was? ---- T knew the location of Evermere Hallit was one of the many mansions owned by that woman.
Lurking in the rooms darkness, I stared at the door.
The treacherous slave was trying to pick the lock.
Apparently, my ladys precautions werent enough to fool the spy.
T shouldve snapped her neck already.
She wanted to spy on my ladys secrets, but she never left anything important lying around.
Just a small notebook where she jotted notes in a language I didnt understand.
I took it from her dresser and tucked it into my pocket, safe.
No one would harm it.
That fool couldnt open the enchanted lock my lady had set.
I considered helping her discreetly with a bit of my curse, but soon Theard other footsteps, and someone unexpected arrived to help her get inside.
still havent managed to get in? t'm sorry, my lord.
It seems to have magic on it.
Move aside, you useless thing.
Lets see what my little Electra is hiding...
###Chapter 395
---- 230.
SURPRISE, SURPRISE SILAS BAM! The door slammed open, and a woman with long black hair entered with the traitor.
I recognized her, I think...
but like many of my fragmented memories, I couldnt say for sure.
Either way, I couldnt let myself be seen; if she recognized me, it would put my lady in danger.
So, Ihid in the shadows of the balcony, spying on them through the crack in the door.
search everywhere! We need to find solid evidence for Morgana, because if Im wrong about this, Electras going to slice my throat! She ordered the girl, and they started rummaging through my ladys belongings: the dresser, the nightstands, the wardrobe nothing was spared.
She was going all in, but couldnt find a thing.
Every time they passed near the balcony, I submerged deeper into the shadows that emanated from this curse.
I'd had time to explore myself now that my life wasnt just about surviving.
Inmy moments alone, Id tried to accept who I am and coexist with the monster inside me.
It was time to put what Id learned into practice.
---- I wanted to become stronger, precisely so I wouldnt be her burden and so I could protect her.
Nothing! Nothing, damn it! She pounded on the bed after flipping the mattress.
You said there was a weird slave who always accompanied her! Where is he?! She grabbed the girl by the hair in anger, forcing her to confess.
T dont know! I dont know, Lady Drusilla! He must be in his room, I didnt see her ladyship take him! Hes got to be around herehes really sinister! The girl was holding back tears, thrown to the floor at that bitchs feet.
Now I knew her nameDrusilla De la Croix.
You'd better hope all the effort Ive put into you pays off.
If that slave turns out to be a waste of time, your head will be the first to roll! She kicked her and barked at her to head down to my room, stomping down the stairs.
This was my chance to escapeI had to warn my lady! But I couldnt go through the front doorI'd be discovered.
I peered over the edge of the balcony.
It was high, very high, and the ground wasnt evenit was made of massive, jagged stones at the towers base.
I desperately searched for a way to climb down some vines, but it was almost impossible to jump without breaking my neck.
---- Thurried to the other side, but suddenly, my ear caught the sound of something slicing through the air behind me.
T knew that sound all too wellId been struck by it too many times.
A whip.
I dove to the ground, but still felt the burning sting as my shirt tore and my skin split open.
Tspun around immediately, facing that witch.
Shed discovered me.
So you were the strange energy I felt lingering.
Looks like my little sister left some spell to protect you.
Well, well...
what a surprise, she sneered, stepping out onto the balcony.
Her sharp eyes scanned me, and I could tell something about me seemed familiar.
Damn it, my mask was completely fractured, my platinum hair too conspicuous, and my features exposed.
She might recognize me despite the scars.
Itis you! she exclaimed, pointing at me, her eyes wide with shock.
What are you doing here, Lucrecia Silvers favorite slave? What happened to you? She stepped closer, and I backed away, refusing to answer, my mind racing for an escape plan.
Dont even try itthats a fall to your death.
Come here, Im ordering you, slave! She cracked the whip in her hand, leaving a mark on the stone floor.
I didnt speak, just glanced back at the edge of the balustrade.
###Chapter 396
---- I said get over here! Im ordering you! She lashed out quickly, and I tried to shield myself, raising my arm.
The deadly whip coiled around my wrist like a venomous snake, embedding itself into my skin, burning and searing like a hot iron.
Instinctively, I thought about using my curse, but something told me I shouldnt reveal more of my secrets.
Tnsolent! She started pulling me now that she had me ensnared.
She was stronga supernatural being.
I resisted with everything I had, my muscles tense, my heels dug firmly into the ground, trying to free myself from the binding with my other hand, nearly tearing my nails off, scratching and clawing without success.
I found myself giving in, being dragged, panting and writhing, fighting like a wild beast, but she kept pulling the whip in, inch by inch.
Pm going to teach you your place, you filthy elemental! Neither Electra nor anyone else will save you! she shouted, raising her other hand, blinded by rage, beginning to conjure an attack spell.
I felt every instinct in me screaming danger.
Bound like this, struggling with this elemental body, sweating and gaspingif she threw that fireball, it would hit me head-on.
I couldnt pass out, I couldnt fall, I couldnt be used to harm my lady! Inasplit second, I stopped thinking, I just followed that extreme, ---- dark, murderous emotion that erupted like a torrent from every pore of my body.
Like in slow motion, tendrils of black magic emanated from me, and at the same time she cast her spell, I pulled up a shield.
AAAHHHH NOO000! Agonized screams echoed in my ears.
A sinister laugh escaped my lipsat least you, I could get even with.
Amidst flames and smoke, darkness and crackling magic clashing against columns, shattering chunks of stone, I jumped without thinking twice into the void.
I'd rather die a thousand times than betray the person who had become my entire world.
Damn it, damn it! I heard curses, the agonizing screams of that slave now engulfed in flames.
My entire body turned immaterial.
I willedno, I ordered that damned thing inside me to carry me safely to the ground.
I felt my mind drift, the rushing breeze roaring in my ears.
I closed my eyes, expecting the worst, but as I reached the ground, my boots landed on something soft.
Topened my eyes, dazed, and looked aroundonly darkness and sinister magic surrounding me.
I lifted my head toward the tower, and for a second, my gaze met that witchs.
She was stunned.
She had seen me, my oddities.
She was so shocked she hadnt even reacted.
---- But I did.
I wasnt safe yet Without a second thought, I ran toward the stables to find a horse.
My ladys horse was there! Help me, help me find Electra, I whispered, stroking its mane the way she did.
Adrenaline surged through my veins as I clumsily but quickly mounted its back.
I spurred it on, gripping its mane tightly so I wouldn't fall, my legs clamped to its sides like shackles.
The hooves thundered as we galloped through the city, echoing in the night, the wind whistling past, leaving the murmurs of people behind.
It felt like the horse understood my urgency, my desperation to reach its mistress.
I lifted my head slightly, glancing behind me.
Storm clouds were gathering over the mansion.
Soon, they'd be hunting me down.
Come on, come on, faster, faster, I urged, and soon we reached the first obstacle.
The city gates were closing to trap me inside.
No, no, I couldnt be imprisoned here! I couldn t!
###Chapter 397
---- 231, CHALLENGE SILAS My eye itched and burned, but I didnt stop it.
Magic surged from my body once again, and a dark mist filled the night.
"Quick, close the gates! Its an order from the boss, close them now!" "Dammit, what is this fog? I cant see a thing! Alfred, Alfred...!"" "Dont move, or you fall into the pitwait, I cant see anything! Aaabhh!"" Amid the shouting and the grinding gears of the closing mechanism, the neigh of a horse echoed.
It leaped just as the two massive wooden doors were about to shut.
BAM! The heavy sound rang behind us as the De la Croix stronghold was sealed.
Panting and sweating, every muscle in my body tensed as I lay completely over the back of the magnificent black horse, racing into the darkness and the safety of the forest.
Ikept using this magic to hide from the witches, despite the toll it was taking on my body.
My veins, on the verge of bursting, pulsed and darkened like a ---- spiders web spreading under my skin.
This feeling was familiar.
I had pushed my power like this before to kill someone.
It must have been that woman.
It didnt matter as long as I could warn my lady.
I just had to hold on until I found her.
cere SIGRID This party was torture.
The only thing I enjoyedimmenselywas Lucrecias twisted expression at the entrance.
She looked like she had swallowed a fly.
She barely managed to hide her shock and disgust at the fact that I had been invited.
Fuck her.
I sipped from my cocktail glass, though I needed something stronger, even if I didnt like these brews.
But enduring the lecherous glances, the constant flirting in every corner, and the murderous intentions of several who couldnt stand Electras arrogance made me want to drink myself to death.
Not that I was in the body of a particularly pleasant woman either.
I tried to slip outside for some air, to hide behind the tall hedges, waiting for Alessandre Vlad to somehow inform me about the ---- exchange that actually interested me.
Distinguished guests, it is a pleasure to have you here tonight.
Shit.
I got caught just as I was about to sneak out of the overcrowded hall.
Leaving now would be rude.
we thank the Silver family for making us feel at home.
They were praising that idiot Lucrecia, all Its a pleasure, It was nothing, and blah, blah...
Well, this party is in honor of our heir, Alessandre Vlad, which is.
why we've gathered the finest of the finest among single women...
So thats what this party was forto find the relative a match.
But wait, that means the Selenia who married him, the one we descend from, must be here too.
I scanned the crowd.
Some wore masks, while others remained uncovered, but the aura of a Selenia was always distinctunless she was purposely hiding.
our Alessandre will choose to have a date with the winner.
Good luck, ladies...
I caught the end of the announcement.
I turned to the stage at the back.
Our ancestor didnt exactly look thrilledif anything, I could subtly see him scanning the crowd as well.
I didnt care about their ridiculous competitions.
He needed to find me for the exchangenowbecause I wanted to leave.
###Chapter 398
---- Another of my goals was to gain access to Lucrecias slave.
I felt like I was getting further from my ive, but it was obvious she wouldnt parade him around at a public party.
"Electra De la Croix!" suddenly, amidst the commotion of women rushing to participate in the so-called competition, my name was loudly called out.
The entire hall turned to look at me.
Damn it.
I muttered under my breath, but I had no choiceI had to step forward.
The crowd parted, making way for me to reach Lucrecias smug face.
She had called me.
For what purpose have I been summoned? I asked coldly, knowing full well she was up to something.
What do you mean, for what? You signed up for the battle competition.
Youre single, arent you? Or are you backing out before it even starts? Oh, wait, is it because your opponent is Petra? Mocking laughter echoed around me.
Most of them were witches.
Thadnt signed up for anything.
This was all to humiliate Electra.
"Hello, Electra.
Long time no see." ---- Petra, a blonde witch from the Sole family, stepped in front of me, eyeing me up and down with obvious sarcasm.
I searched my memories of her and didnt like what I found.
She had once fought Electra when they were youngerand had beaten the hell out of this fool from De la Croix.
Of course, Im participating.
See you soon, Petra." I snatched the paper with her name from Lucrecias hand Backing out wasnt an optionthat was exactly what they wanted, to humiliate Electra.
I couldnt show weakness.
Lucrecias malicious eyes told me she had rigged this match-up.
she had a hidden agenda.
Well, so be it.
I would fight using part of Electras powerbecause mine couldnt be exposed.
But Petra looked far too confident.
She had no idea.
The one controlling this body now wasnt just some witch who knew a few magic tricks like them.
Thad been trained by the lycansby the most powerful of them all.
My father.
see ---- "..Put her out!" they shouted, as a burning competitor was doused in a snow spell on the so-called battlefield.
###Chapter 399
---- 232.
KILL OR DIE SIGRID They called out to the long platform where the contestants fought while Alessandre watched, looking utterly bored, from a seat at the top of the stairs.
The winner is Amelandra Grumon!"" Cheers erupted for a proud-looking redhead who was throwing flirtatious glances at our great-uncle.
Honestly, all of this seemed so ridiculous to me Next contestants, Petra Sole and Electra De la Croix!" Well, time to vent some of this frustration.
I climbed the wooden steps and took my place at one end, while she stood at the other.
Her smug little smirk was really getting on my nerves.
The glass dome that protected the rest of the hall from stray spells began to rise and seal above our heads.
"Let the fight begin!" The moment the signal was given, she lunged at me like a hyena.
We clashed in hand-to-hand combatkick, dodge, punch, dodge...
Tspun out of her grip and slammed a devastating elbow into her ribs.
I heard them crack.
---- At this close range, this woman was no match for me.
Treached behind my back, my arm tightening around her neck, ready to conjure a weapon and end this quickly.
But she sensed the danger and struggled, blindly striking backward in a desperate attempt to free herself.
T tangled my legs around hers, trying to drag her down and pin her to the ground where shed be most vulnerable.
But just as she was about to fall, she slipped right through my fingers.
She literally turned into liquid and flowed away from me in an instant.
Well, well, looks like someone has been training hard.
hat last defeat really hurt, didnt it?" She spat a little blood to the side, her eyes filled with hatred, her lip split open.
Meanwhile, I barely had a scratch.
Less talk, more action." I told her, resuming my combat stance.
No more holding backI was going to destroy her in the next exchange.
However, Petra had learned her lesson.
She was no longer acting cocky.
From that moment on, she attacked exclusively from a distance, unleashing magic without restraint, her murderous intent crystal clear.
This woman wasnt just trying to hurt me.
She was out for Electras life.
###Chapter 400
---- She raised her hands, summoning storm clouds that rumbled overhead, dark and crackling with danger.
Lethal bolts of lightning began striking my position.
activated a defensive spell that made them bounce offa cxystalline barrier surrounding my body.
But with each hit, fractures spread across its surface.
It wouldnt hold for much longer.
I summoned part of Electras magic.
It was impossible for me to steal all of her power.
A dark forest suddenly sprang to life, rising from the ground and covering the battlefield.
Thick fog curled around the treesan illusion, a perfect hiding place.
I blended into the shadows, moving silently between the trunks.
Petra called upon the wind to sweep my forest away.
The tree roots trembled.
Thunder crashed from her false storm clouds, spreading chaos, igniting leaves, and burning away Electras magic.
She was searching frantically, scanning her surroundings for me.
I stopped right above her, my body merged with the darkness, unseenor so I thought.
Two long, powerful daggers materialized in my hands, weapons Electra had wielded before.
raised them in front of my body with expert precision.
I kicked off ---- the tree trunk, launching myself straight at her throat.
only needed one second to win.
Just a blink Petra lifted her head.
Her eyes met mine.
L expected to see terror, and for amoment, there was shockbut then, at the last second, mockery flashed through her gaze.
My sixth sense screamed at me.
I had walked into a trap.
A sharp eagles cry rang behind me.
A deadly crackle of concentrated electricity made my chest tighten with urgency.
I twisted midair, summoning wind currents And in my dilated pupils, I sawit.
A massive electrified eagle, its glowing form surging toward me.
Her strongest elemental spell.
Ah, but Petra...
This wasnt the same Electra you defeated before.
Your own victory humiliated her so much that she fought with claws and teeth to become just as powerful.
Tyanked up the heavy skirt of my dress, shielding my chest and face as thick, dark fog flooded the forest, blotting out the battlefield.
The lightning eagle crashed with devastating force against a body.
Ithit the ground, burned black, completely charred.
---- The illusion began to fadebranches, leaves, mistdisappearing bit by bit.
The earth was reclaiming itself.
It looked like the witch who controlled it had diedor was on the verge of death.
Thats what everyone thought.
That's what Petra thought.
"Ts she dead?" What? Wait...
did she really kill Electra?" "Morgana is powerful...
shes going to avenge the Sole family..." She shouldnt have..." Theard whispers.
Footstepscautious ones.
I waited.
They stopped near me.
Someone leaned in, their breathing excited wicked.
"I cant believe it...
I really did it.
Lucrecia is going to be thrilled..." Anear-silent murmur.
I could see everything.
Petra, standing over the body, smoke rising from the scorched remains of Electra.
She reached out, about to flip it over, to confirm her death.
"What the hell is this?!" PETRA, WATCH OUT! ITS A TRAP!" Lucrecias scream rang out But it was already too late.
###Chapter 401
---- 233.
[HATE YOU TOO SIGRID Temerged from beneath her feet, from the last remnants of the enchanted forest Electras powerful illusion.
She controlled everything in this terrain.
I grabbed her hair from behind, exposing her neck.
She crouched, trying to rise and strike back The storms were gathering again, but my merciless hand drove straight to her throat, slicing from left to right.
Deep and fatal.
Blood splattered onto the fake body lying in front of Petrathe one Thad created midair, using the hem of my dress as a decoy puppet.
At the same time, taking advantage of the mist that had blinded them all, I hid beneath the bewitched ground, near the mannequin that mimicked my formlying in wait, like a predator stalking its prey.
She swallowed the illusion completely.
Most of them did.
Thad to admit, this spell of Electras was truly twisted and brilliantly deceptive.
I turned her body overshe was on her knees, trembling.
Twanted to see her eyes.
Now, she was truly panicked.
Now, she felt real terror sinking into her soul.
Her bloodied hands clutched her throat.
A green glow of magic flickeredshe was trying to heal herself.
---- "I'm sorry, dear Petra, but this time, there won't be a rematch," I told her with mockery, letting all my resentment spill out.
These wretched bitches, playing with the lives of innocents like it was a gameevery damn time.
I drove both daggers down, crossing them violently.
Fire infused the blades, turning them white-hot.
With one clean stroke, I severed her head.
It rolled aside, her expression still frozen in shock, unable to comprehend that she had lostthat I had actually dared to kill her in front of everyone.
kicked her lifeless body aside, then grabbed her severed head by the hair and walked toward the end of the "battlefield." She was therewatching me with pure, seething hatred.
Good.
I hated her too.
More than she could ever imagine.
Before I left, I had to kill this woman.
Even if it changed historyI didnt care.
The murmurs around me didnt stop, Many had been gravely wounded in these matchesbut none had been killed.
The glass dome had now fully descended.
Thank you for inviting me to the competition, Miss Silver.
Very entertaining and exciting," I said with biting irony, standing ---- before her and throwing Petras head at her feetbarely restraining my thirst for blood.
"It didnt seem dangerous at all for you, Miss De la Croix.
I suppose Tcan no longer call you an inexperienced young woman," she replied, frowning.
###Chapter 402
---- Her mask of indifference was cracking.
The divide between the Silver and De la Croix factions was becoming more obvious.
The witches were splitting into two opposing sides.
She had orchestrated Electras death through Petra.
This "game" of a battle had always been kill or be killed.
"Nonsense.
Just a stroke of luck.
She was hard to surpass," I replied with fake nonchalance.
Pretending, Swallowing the bile in my throat.
This society was so full of hypocrites.
The Vlad family, however, watched me with curiosity.
And even a hint of admiration.
In this world, only strength and cruelty mattered.
I turned to stop being the center of attention.
Petras body was already being carried away.
I couldnt linger here alone for longsomeone from the Sole family might try to attack me from behind.
Wait, Miss De la Croix!" ---- Alessandres voice stopped me just as I was about to step down the stairs.
He moved toward me, cutting through the tense, bloodstained, and electrified atmosphere.
"I dont think its proper to let her leave like this," he said, looking downward And thats when I realized.
I had used part of my dress for the illusion.
Now, I was standing there in nothing but thin white cotton undergarments.
"Tcan escort Miss De la Croix to change," his mother suddenly offered, stepping forward.
"No, Mother." He stopped her, stepping beside me.
"T'll take her myself.
And theres no need for the competition anymoreIve decided I want to get to know Miss Electra better." What?! I side-eyed him, barely stopping myself from gagging.
"You didnt get so impressed that you're actually falling for me...
well, for Electra, did you?" Despite the veiled protests, despite earning even more hatred and jealousy, Lady Viad looked at me with interestand ultimately, she agreed.
---- It seemed she considered Electra a worthy candidate.
I wasnt so sure what to think anymore.
Alessandre led me out of the hall, and we finally walked away from the crowd and their prying eyes.
We climbed a staircase leading to the second floor, through maze- like corridors in this massive mansion, until we entered a dimly lit room.
The moonlight streamed through the tall windows, offering the only illumination.
Theard the heavy thud of the door closing behind me.
I spun aroundalert.
I didnt trust him.
"T wont hurt you.
You can pick something from the closet to wear, "he said, gesturing to the side as he lit a candelabra atop a dresser.
"They're from my mothers wardrobe." "Dont even think about getting interested in me." Twarned him immediatelywithout moving an inch.
###Chapter 403
---- 234.
DANGEROUS TREATMENT SIGRID He straightened up from his leaning position, one eyebrow raised, giving me a once-overI couldve sworn, even with disgust.
"You can sleep easy, I dont have the slightest interest in you." The way he said it, so direct and knowing his future, convinced me even more.
"Did you bring what I want?" I asked, watching as he finally pulled out the runes from his pocket, the ones I needed to assemble the artifact.
I actually had everything else, that was the only thing missing.
"Here are your pearls," I said, taking off the necklace I wore around my neck, where I'd cleverly hidden them before the fight.
On the count of three, we make the exchange." He nodded, stepping closer, one step at a time.
"One...
two..." I stared at his hand, waiting to see if he'd pull some trick.
"Three!" I snatched the rune map from him while he quickly grabbed the pearls.
We both sighed, having achieved our goals.
"Pll get dressed and leave.
Pleasure doing business with you," I told him, though honestly, I didnt think he could help me much with my mission.
---- I didnt like that the Vlads were conspiring with Lucrecia.
I didnt know how fate would twist things, but I wasnt here to fix everyone's lifejust to save one man, aman I had no clue how to approach.
"Actually, I'd like to ask you a personal favor." Oh, great, now hes being all formal.
1 froze, turning to face him again.
Tall, black hair, red pupilsthe very image of elegant danger.
He reminded me of Zarek, though the dark prince had a different kind of beauty...
more bloodthirsty.
"Pm all ears." "pretend you're my chosen fiancée." "What?" My mouth literally dropped open.
"Tneed my parents to stop trying to find me a match.
I need a stand -in...
time, and you can help me buy some." Time? For what? The more he explained, the crazier it sounded.
But at the same time, I was weaving my own plans and calculations.
"What do I get out of pretending to be your fiancée?" I asked, crossing my arms over my chest with an air of defiance.
Lucrecia SilverI see how you look at her.
You want to destroy her.
But its very difficult for a De la Croix to be in the same circle ---- as Lucrecia and attack her.
However, if you partner with me, I can get you into more...
private parties, where you'll have the chance to cross paths."
###Chapter 404
---- Bingo.
Thats exactly what I wantedthe chance to free that slave at one of her disgusting little secret parties.
looked at him, full of suspicion.
He was either way too observant and smart, or I'd been way too obvious.
"Dont worry, dont distrust me.
I know very well we all have ambitions.
If you take down Lucrecia, your family will become the most powerful in witchcraft," he said So he thought I was doing this out of a thirst for power.
"T dont know, Mr.
Vlad.
Your family seems pretty tied up with the Silvers, and you're just going to hand Lucrecia to me on a silver.
platter?" "My parents are my parents.
Im me," he shot back firmly.
"Believe me, Ive got something very important to lose, so Ill keep my word.
Ill give you the chance to scheme against Lucrecia Silver, and in return, all you have to do is say youre my fiancée and attend some social events with me.
Thats it.
Do we have a deal, Miss De la Croix?" He extended his hand.
Goddess, I was playing with fire.
This was a dangerous gambleit could bea trap.
I drilled him with my gaze.
I didnt trust him.
Something told me this man was hiding too much.
---- Why were the royal guards after him? Where was Selenia? What was with all the secrecy? "We have a deal, Mr.
Vlad.
But if you betray me..." I won't if you dont," he said, gripping my hand with strength and confidence.
Td just sealed a risky deal, and I had no idea how it would end.
Get dressed and leave through the west side of the forest surrounding the mansionits the safest route.
I'll send your coachman to your familys estate later.
After that scene you made, you can be sure they'll be waiting to ambush you." "Thanks," I nodded, grabbing some clothesjust a black skirt that I slipped under the corset of my shredded dress.
I stepped out onto the balcony and stood at the balustrade, my boots grazing the edge under the full moon that lit up the miles of gardens and forests.
You know where to find me now, fiancé," I said mockingly.
When my family hears about this, they'll either die laughing or skin me alive.
I jumped into the void, into the nights freedom, into the chill of the air, and transformed with magic into an owl soaring through the skies.
I'd find a safe refuge in the deep forest and contact my family tonight.
---- My heart beat with both excitement and worry, consumed by my stormy emotions, unaware that I was already being hunted by a being far too powerful, even for me.
###Chapter 405
---- 235.
1ONLY LEFT FOR A SECOND SIGRID Through the animals eyes, I scanned the vastness of the forest, searching for a safe refugeand soon enough, I found one.
Nestled in the mountains, far from the mansion, possibly even outside their lands, I spotted a dark hole, half-hidden in the hillside.
Ilanded softly at the entrance, shifting back into my human form, a fire spell glowing in my hands to light my way and fend off any threats.
The cold drafts made my hair flutter as I glanced toward the horizon, at the night sky.
For some reason, I felt restless and nervous; still, I took the risk of venturing into this wild cave, hoping I wouldnt stumble upon any unpleasant surprises.
Just in case, I placed a defensive spell at the entrance.
At first, I walked through a narrow passage that gradually widened like a funnel.
The damp, earthy smell welcomed me, but it didnt feel like an animals den.
I noticed two tunnels stretching deeper into the unknown, but what I needed to do could be done right here, in this small chamber.
---- Isat on the ground, ina dry spot against the cold wall, and rummaged through my corset and the ornament in my hair.
Soon, I had all the magical pieces laid out in front of me, ready to be assembled.
The light from the small floating fireball hovered above my head, illuminating my work Inless than fifteen minutes, it was finally ready! I drew the sleep runes around the small flower-shaped artifact, my fingers trembling slightly.
Goddess, I imagined my parents crying, all the pain and drama flooding my mind.
Taking a deep breath, I began reciting the incantation and closed my eyes, diving into the dream world where I hoped to find Zarek.
I chose him because our dark magics were most aligned, and I prayed Id be able to reach him.
When I opened my eyes again, I looked around at the withered, shadowy forest where there was no night, no day, no wind, no human warmthonly forgotten memories, unfinished dreams, and the worst nightmares I wandered aimlessly, guided only by instinct, calling out to him in my heart over and over.
Seconds, hours, daysI didnt know.
Time moved differently here, but I kept searching and searching, calling and calling, to no avail.
"Please, someone, please, Zarek, sleep and find me, sleep and find me." ---- I begged, collapsing to my knees, my hands covering my face.
Beneath me was a deep abyss, and tears began to stream down my cheeks.
This artifact wouldnt help me contact my family.
sigrid? Suddenly, a voice made my heart skip a beat.
Tspun around quickly, afraid I was imagining things.
Uncle, is that you? Its you! I sprang up, running toward him and hugging him around the waist, crying, breaking down after holding it all in for so long.
calm down, little troublemaker, calm down, he said, running his hand over my head, though his touch felt stiff, and he seemed a bit lost.
What are we doing here? Sigrid, what did you do now, girl? He pulled back, gripping my shoulders, his brow furrowed.
Honestly, I expected a different reaction.
Uncle, I didnt leave because I wanted to, I...
the Goddess...
But when I tried to give him details, that cursed sensation returned like my lips were sewn shut
###Chapter 406
---- Mmmmnn...
I fought back angrily, wanting to claw at my mouth with my nails, sick of all the mystery, all the damn schemes, all of it! calm down, calm down, Sigrid, theres not much time.
This spell ---- is unstable.
I dont know why you called meits obvious it has something to do with that b*tch.
Tell me, tell me what you need from me! he urged.
T realized I had to make the most of this once-in-a-lifetime moment.
ell my parents not to worry, that Ill return to my body...
sigrid, you just left the castle after trying to steal the Risorgimento Book from me.
What do you mean, your body? Didnt you just go play in the forest? He questioned me faster and more worriedly with each word.
Your father came to entertain me, then the women arrived.
I left them in the garden and went to take a nap because I felt a desperate pull...
What?! I gasped.
Its been weeks here! I was in shockthey hadnt even noticed I was gone.
My body is by the forest well.
Find me and protect me! T understand.
We'll do it.
Now tell me how I can help you right now.
Come on, Sigrid, think smart! This dream world trembled, the artifact overloadedit wouldnt hold much longer.
Tasked all my questions, whatever I could form, whatever he could remember, which wasnt much, since he hadnt been born yet in this timeline, Who did you steal the magic book from later? Electra De la Croix, ---- the one you always compared me to? No, no, I stole it from Drusilla De la Croix.
She and Electra were the only survivors of their family after the Umbros massacre.
I always mocked Electra because she seemed like Drusillas second fiddle.
"What?" What did that mean? "If you get the chance, steal the book from Drusilla.
There are a lot of powerful spells in theremaybe one of them can help you get back," he told me, and I made that decision too, even though I suspected Morgana was the current owner.
That would be my plan B, because plan A was seriously screwed.
Suddenly, a tremor made me lose my balance, and Zareks body began to fade.
No, no, dont go...
I...
I met your father and your grandparents," 1 told him, giving a sad smile, just wanting to stop time.
Sigrid, be careful with my mothers temper.
She was a rather dark Selenia, an expert in black magic," he warned me.
Little troublemaker." He suddenly crouched in front of me, looking at me with a solemnity I'd never seen before.
"No matter the difficulties or the mission that crazy woman gave you, your goal is to come back to us, pup.
You have to find your way home.
We're waiting for you, Sigrid." Tears blurred my vision as I nodded.
He smiled warmly and reached out with two fingers to my forehead, gifting me one last blessing.
Our spirits were leaving this
###Chapter 407
---- dream world.
Finally, an image appeared in my mindit was my father with my mother sitting on his lap.
They were talking animatedly around a small table in the garden of the dark palace.
My grandmother sat beside my beloved Quinn, their hands always intertwined, the beauty of the Selenia preserved only within these four walls.
Aunt Celine was gazing toward the palaces inner door, surely missing her mate.
My steps drew closer over the grass to my beloved parents.
Mom smiled at some silly thing, and my father, as always, had his brow furrowed.
The intense love between them hung in the air, in every hidden gesture, in every knowing glance...
"Mom, Dad, its better if you dont know.
Its better for you...
When you finish your afternoon tea, I'll already be back..." I whispered beside them, reaching out to caress their faces.
Like the afternoon breeze, they couldnt see me.
suddenly, Mom went silent, and I saw a tear roll down her cheek.
She didnt understand why she was crying out of nowhere.
She wiped it away with a finger and lowered her head.
My tear-filled eyes wouldnt stop overflowing, streaming uncontrollably down my cheeks, sobs escaping my lips.
---- I stepped back, fading awaythe connection was breaking, Suddenly, Dad stretched his hand toward me, as if trying to grab my non-existent hand.
He shot to his feet, pulling my mother up with him, walking toward me, desperate, as if he could see me.
But I knew it was just a fathers instinct.
"sigrid! Sigrid! Wheres my daughter? Wheres my pup, Aldric?!" Her shouts echoed from afar, my mother calling my name, my fathers red eyes staring directly where I stood, and mea ghost fading once again from their present, still trapped in the past.
When I came back to consciousness, I was in that cold cave again.
I hugged my legs and criedcried like never before.
I completely broke down, only to rise stronger.
Now, I had important information in my hands.
###Chapter 408
---- 236.
THE JEALOUS LOVER NARRATOR Zarek rushed out into the castle garden.
Immediately, Celine came running to meet him.
"Love, whats going on? Why did everything suddenly turn into chaos?" "What happened to my daughter?! Tell me!" Before he could explain, Valeria grabbed him by the collar, her voice breaking with tears.
The pain in her blue eyes was undeniable.
She could feel her, her presence, even her scent, the melancholy lingering in the airher little girl had been close to them.
Why did it feel like the fading spirit of someone dead? "calm down, Your Majesty, relax, I'll explain.
Aldric, please," Zarek asked the Lycan King, who immediately went to support his mate, consoling her in his strong arms despite his own desperation.
Quinn and Gabrielle were equally distressed, their faces full of worry.
Gabrielle tried to comfort her daughter; they had all felt Sigrids overwhelming sadness.
"Sigrid has been called for a mission by...
the Goddess," Zarek spat the name out like hed tasted shit.
---- "She didnt give me details, but Im sure she sent her to fix her damn mess from the past." Now more than ever, the hatred boiled back up, renewed.
How dare she trick another member of their family with her schemes? And the most beloved one at thatthe one who brought them all together despite their differences "No, no, no! If she wanted a Selenia, she couldve summoned me! I wouldve answered the call! Wasnt that supposed to be unnecessary now?!" Valeria was on the verge of a breakdown.
Inan instant, her world had crumbled.
"Sweetheart, I dont think its the call.
The ancient power of the Selenias still holds the sealbarely, but its still there," Gabrielle assured her, holding her hands.
"King Lycan, Sigrids body is near the well she uses as a portal, in the nearby forest.
With any luck, when we get to her, shell already be back in this present.
Time doesnt pass the same there." No sooner had he finished speaking than Aldric bolted off, Valeria close behind.
Everyone was going to search for her.
Zarek sighed, grabbing Gabrielles arm as she turned to head toward the forest too.
"Gabrielle, stop clinging to this harsh reality.
You and I both know the war is inevitable, and its already upon us.
Dont keep giving ---- them false hope." He looked straight into her blue eyes.
and if Sigrid manages to change the past? If Umbros isnt..." "Things won't be that simple.
Dont fool yourself.
The Moon Goddess cant alter every event in time and the past to suit her needs.
The other gods wont let her disturb the order like that.
They've already forgiven enough of her mistakes.
The dead stay dead," Zarek added.
"I just hope Sigrid isnt the one who suffers the most in this secret, suicidal mission." They exchanged complicated glances.
All they could do was wait or try to force her back if things went wrong.
Finally, they headed toward the woods.
"Baby, is what the prince said true?" Quinn squeezed his Selenias fingers, always afraid of losing her, always afraid of the future.
"[m afraid so, my love," Gabrielle whispered, sighing.
"Time is running out, and soon, itll be victory or death." Gabrielle could only hope to find her granddaughter back safe and not her daughter, shattered in her mates arms.
How much would their present change with Sigrids actions in the past? Why did the Selenias always have to suffer so much? Were they the favorites or the cursed ones? ad
###Chapter 409
---- SIGRID I finally left my refuge in the mountains, keeping the cave protected with a spell.
It was cozy and safe, a perfect hiding spot in any situation.
Exhausted and sad, I decided to take a walk to clear my mind.
Thated going back to that mansion.
The only thing tying me to it was Silas.
Lost in my turbulent thoughts, something triggered my sixth sense.
The clouds in the sky were moving too fast, and there was a murderous magic whispered in the air.
I went to transform and escapeeverything screamed: DANGER! P'dbeen followed.
I'd probably walked right into a trap.
Before I could even take flight, the roots in the ground twisted up, trying to grab my ankles.
Tleapt nimbly, but the tree in front of me whipped its branches down threateningly, lowering itself to strike me.
Violence everywhere.
The forest awoke, enraged, enchanted with powerful magicI could feel it.
My opponent was strong...
very strong.
---- attacker.
They caught it in their palm and reduced it to ashes inside their black glove.
They lowered their arm from their face, giving me a glare filled with hatred and rage.
Black hair pulled into a high ponytail, blue eyes, powerful and untamed.
Damn it, why out of all people did it have to be her? Blectra De la Croix, you picked the wrong fiancé.
Too bad for you, " she sneered with a twisted smile full of murderous intent.
I couldnt even scream at her: Youre wrong! Thats just a cover for your fling with Vlad! Im your family, your descendant!! Inan instant, she was in front of me, attacking with viciousness, and all I could do was desperately defend myself to survive.
Wait! Princess Selenia, wait! This isnt what it looks like!" I shouted between blows.
She didnt relent.
She was ruthless, going straight for my head, no explanations.
My back slammed against a tree trunk, making me cough up blood.
My arms and legs were trapped in the bark, and her firm hand clamped around my neck.
Squeezing, giving me no time to react, cutting off my air.
Electras magic sealed me offI was defenseless! ---- Electra was nothing like her rival! T'd have to unleash my Selenia magic, expose myself I wasnt going to die under her unjustified hatred! But my eyes drifted past her hateful gaze, over her shoulder, and what I saw froze my blood even more than Electras imminent threat.
"SILAS, NO! DONT ATTACK HER! SHES TOO POWERFUL, DONT ATTACK!! RUN, RUN!!" But it was too late.
Princess Selenia Renata, Zareks mother, sensed the stealth attack from behind.
She spun around, all her fury unleashed, ready to crush the fly buzzing in her ear.
###Chapter 410
---- 237.
TEAM FIGHTS SIGRID Renata felt the imminent danger crawl up the back of her neck, making every hair stand on end.
Where was that demonic energy coming from? She spun around, driven by the heat of the moment and her own rage, blocking the strike of dark aura aimed straight at her body.
The wave rippled through the forest, hatred clashing against hatred.
Around her, the trees, the grass, the animalseverything that held life began to die, consumed by her powers.
An elemental was the source? What kind of sick joke was this? A disfigured man, surrounded by suffocating darkness and black magic, lunged at her with two weapons in handdaggers forged from his own energy.
"SILAS, NO! RUN, RUN!" Sigrid screamed, coughing up blood that splattered onto the withered leaves.
It felt like the whole world was suddenly dying.
Silas didnt hear her.
He charged at the woman who was about to kill his favorite person.
When he had followed the trail of his ladys magic and saw that scene, he didnt think twice.
He surrendered control to all his demonshis mind set on one thing: kill.
---- BAM! Renata stopped the attack with her own magical sword.
Once she overcame the initial shock, she focused on eliminating the new threat.
It was obvious he was working with that damn witch.
Silas wielded the two daggers skillfully, dodging over and over, but getting wounded from all sides.
His clothes were in tatters, his body drenched in blood, yet he kept attacking Renata relentlessly with shadowy tentacles, striking from every direction without giving her amoment to breathe.
But he fought on instinct alone.
He was overloading his bodyand he had never been properly trained.
BOOM! "SILAS!" Sigrid screamed as she saw his body fly through the air from one of Renatas brutal kicks.
He crashed into the rotting trunk of a tree that teetered dangerously, about to collapse on top of him.
Renata turned her back to Sigrid, watching him, raising her hand, ready to give the final push to bring the tree down.
Silas was still trying to get up, dazed from the blow.
The red liquid streamed endlessly, dripping from the corners of his mouth.
---- Both his eyes were pitch black and cursed, filled with resentment and hatred.
Quick, ragged breaths escaped his lips.
If that tree fell, it would crush him completely! Sigrid didnt stop to weigh the consequences.
She screamed like a madwoman, breaking free from her restraints and unlocking all the magical power contained within Electras body.
She attacked Renata mercilessly.
"AAAHHH!" Renata cried out as a deep wound ripped open across her back.
The pain was so intense, nearly reaching the bone, that her legs gave out, and she collapsed to her knees on the withered grass.
What the hell was this now?! Selenia power?! She had no time to process what was happeningor her head would be rolling in an instant.
She shot back to her feet.
Sigrid lunged at her, golden daggers clashing repeatedly against Renatas sword.
Sigrid was cornering her, summoning thunder that crashed dangerously around them.
Renata channeled natures energy to strike back.
Sigrid moved like a shadowright, left...
back at her again! The second Renata let her guard down, Sigrid struck with painful precision like never before.
But Renata wasnt holding back either; she shredded Sigrids skin just as fiercely.
###Chapter 411
---- Renata summoned her vampiric side, matching Sigrids speed and skill-but her opponent fought like a rabid wolf with no regard for her own life! Renata threw herself to the ground, barely escaping an attack aimed at her throat.
Her blue eyes stared with curiosity and even respect at the entity pretending to be Electra.
She realized itthis woman was using a body-transfer spell.
Black storm clouds flashed overhead, and torrential rain began to pour, drowning out the moonlight and making it harder to see on the battlefield.
Sigrid was exhausted.
Every muscle, tendon, boneevery cell in her body screamed in agony.
She was drained, giving everything she had left.
Renata was no easy opponent.
One of the first Selenias, in her own body, with her magic at its peakand to top it off, her ancestor.
After several exchanges, Renata grew tired of playing, A dark mist began to seep from her body, filling the air, making it hard to breathe.
Sigrid quickly backed away, covering her nose and mouth, She knew itthat fog was poisonous.
If she inhaled it, shed either die or pass out! ---- Damn it, her best attacks were close-range! She had to end this now.
Silasoh no, she had to get Silas away from that poison! But that man surprised her once again.
Renata, confident, charged at Sigrid.
Selenia or not, she would capture her, and then they would talk.
She shifted mid-air into her wolf form, surrounded by all her destructive magic, ready to tear her opponent apart.
But her worst mistake was underestimating her enemiesand forgetting she was fighting against two opponents.
"NOW, MY LADY!" Silas roared at Sigrid.
She watched in shock as black whips shot out, ensnaring Renatas animal form mid-air, sucking up the poison and dark energy with frantic force.
They came from Silas, who had waited for his moment, hidden in the shadows.
Just a few secondsthis was the opening Silas had created for her! Sigrid charged forward and leapt, wielding her long daggers.
A bolt of lightning flashed from the sky, illuminating the epic scene, Fire engulfed the daggers as they plunged toward the Selenia princess ---- Sigrid knew this wouldnt kill herin fact, murdering the origin of her bloodline was unthinkablebut at least it would buy time for Silas and her to escape.
Renata felt true fear for the first time in her life.
She was the most powerful one in this fight, that was certain, but her own arrogance had been her downfall.
She tried to shift back into her human form, to break free from the grip of the magic sucking her in like an endless vortex, but the blade was already slicing into the throat of her wolf form.
Just an instant, just one breath, one blink, victory within her grasp and Sigrid was kicked mid-air, betrayed by her "new fiancé"
###Chapter 412
---- 238.
SAVE HIM! NARRATOR When Alessandre arrived and saw the scene illuminated by lightning, his soul nearly escaped from his chest.
He never imagined Renata could be in such danger.
The intoxicating scent of her blood had drawn himhed slipped away from that ridiculous party to follow her trail, only to discover this brutal fight.
Without wasting a second, he instinctively kicked Electra.
Ally or not, she wasnt going to threaten his mate.
Sigrid didnt have time to dodge; she felt the sharp pain slam into her right ribs, screamed in agony, and crashed into the mud- soaked, filthy ground The rain continued washing the blood from their bodies, the wind howled with ferocity, and the only chance at victory had slipped from her grasp.
Wait, Renata! What the hell are you doing?!" Sigrid lifted her head just in time to see Alessandre stopping in front of Renata, starting to argue.
"Oh, what? You came to protect your fiancée?! Since I asked for time, you decided to find yourself a replacement in the meantime! " Renata slapped him hard, her eyes blazing with hatred.
When she found out about this party to find her mate a partner, ---- she nearly lost her mind with rage and jealousy.
Even more so when she saw him lurking in the shadows, choosing that damn witch.
Their situation was extremely delicate: the Selenias were powerful, yes, they held the throne, of coursebut at great cost.
They were far too few, barely three of them left, while the rest of the supernatural beings multiplied endlessly, slow but steady.
The battles for the throne grew bolder, the conspiracies less secret, and her mate belonged to a family that coveted the crown the most the Vlads, the vampire elite.
Their families opposed, their relationship forbidden, their wills bound, struggling between the love in their hearts and their duty to their lineage and race.
"shes helping me cover for us! I did it to protect you, so our parents wouldnt keep interfering!" Alessandre grabbed her by the shoulders, shaking her hard.
Renata was stubborn; once she closed off, she was worse than a mule, her intelligence sinking to her feet.
But she understoodthrough the passing storm and cooling rage, she realized she hadnt even given her mate a chance to explain his.
improvised plan.
And she realized something much more complex and profound.
Her gaze shifted toward Sigrid, who had crawled to the man lying in the mud, dying.
###Chapter 413
---- "Silas, wake up, wake up, please, Im begging you!" Tears streamed down Sigrids face, her hands pressed to Silass chest, giving him the last of her power, neglecting her own wounds to heal him.
Green, life-infused energy spread across his blackened skin, the veins like dark spiderwebs visible beneath patches of pallor.
Silass faceGoddess, his face looked completely burned, his eyes closed, though Sigrid imagined both orbs were tainted.
His chest barely rose and fell; he had pushed his elemental body to the brink.
"No...
my lady...
the poison...
I wont make it...
save your energy to escape...
run...
run..." Silas lifted his cold, trembling, weak hand.
He placed it over Sigrids hands on his chest, revealing pupils like bottomless pits.
"You idiot, bad slave, you're bad! Why did you disobey me?! why?! " Sigrid screamed at him, tears pouring down endlessly, mingling with the soft drizzle.
"Silas, no, no, dont give up, dont leave me alone, please, dont leave me..."" She cradled him in her arms, trying to give him all her energy, to heal him, but he resisted.
He knew he was dying, and if it was for her, he didnt care.
In these final moments, he realized that for this woman, he was willing to give everything.
It was the first time he fully accepted disappearing from this world, despite all his grievances.
---- Sigrid watched his hand fall to the ground, suffocated by helplessness and pain.
Silas had absorbed all of Renatas poison to save her, overloading his body to give her a chance.
This was all that damn Selenias fault! Family or not, shed never forgive her! She laid Silas down gently and turned toward the arguing pair.
A man was dying because of them, and they were talking about love in her facethey were despicable! "Save him!" she shouted, shoving Alessandre aside and grabbing Renata by the collar of her blouse.
"save him right now, you bastard, or believe me, you have no future! I dont care about anythingif you let him die...
wont leave until I rip your head off!"" She screamed in rage, tears, rain, and spit splattering across Renatas serious face.
"What the hell is wrong with you, Electra?! Let her go!" Alessandre tried to intervene.
"Wait, Alessandre, dont get involved." Renata extended her hand, stopping him, staring deeply into 'Electras' eyes.
"Tll do it.
Ill save him.
Lets not waste more time." Before Sigrid could threaten her again, genuinely ready to set ---- herself ablaze just to take her head, Renata made her decision.
She tightened her grip and dragged Sigrid to where Silass dying body lay.
Without much ceremony, she knelt and drew out a large portion of her power, converting it into healing.
A dark, green mist flowed from her palm, merging into Silass chest, extracting her own poison while simultaneously feeling him voraciously absorb all her black magic.
This elemental was special toofar too dangerous.
Who had made him like this? Was it the one impersonating Electra? "Silas!" Sigrids soul finally returned to her body as she saw him gasp for air, pulled back from the brink of death by mere threads.
###Chapter 414
---- 239.
WE KNOW YOUR SECRET NARRATOR She held him tightly against her, kneeling by his side, desperately kissing his face, not caring about his wounds or disfigurement.
"My lady...
dont ery, please, dont cry..." The salty taste rolled over his cracked lips, the beat of that heart against his chest giving him strength, and her lips offering infinite warmth.
Even so, Silas kept a wary eye on the Selenia nearby.
He didnt trust her; his lady should have escaped.
He feared for her life.
He wanted to push himself again; he couldnt leave her unprotected.
"If you try to attack me again, your elemental body wont withstand it," Renata warned, seeing right through his intentions.
Silas, no, look at me.
No, no, look at me, me." Sigrid cupped his cheeks, afraid she might hurt him.
Renata had removed the poison from his veins and healed the fatal wounds, but he still needed care.
"Trust me.
I'll fix this, okay? Trust me, please." Sigrid leaned in to whisper against his broken face.
More than fear or disgust, it pained her deeply to see him like this.
Silas stared into her eyes, the seconds stretching in a world meant for just the two of them.
---- Renata stood, giving them space, moving closer to her own mate.
The feelings between those two were obviousshe knew love as well.
"That Selenia is dangerous.
You shouldve escaped.
I know you're brave, but...
sometimes running to live isnt a bad thing..." "1 know, I know, my Silas, but we cant run forever.
Now, Im begging you, trust me and be obedient for once in your life," Sigrid sighed, thinking about what to do next.
"We cant go back to the mansion, we cant" Suddenly, Silas gripped her hand tightly and whispered why he had escaped and why hed followed her here.
Her magical trail was unmistakable to him, "Drusilla?" Sigrid was stunned.
Why did Drusilla suspect she was hiding something? So the spell on the slave wasnt Morganas doingit was Drusillas? She must have cast the spell when she touched her during the selection.
What had given her away? She recalled Zareks words.
Was Drusilla pretending to be clueless.
while hiding her true power? "princess Renata, I need to speak with you both.
But first, ll get my person to safety, and I hope youve understood the deal between your fiancé and me." Sigrid lifted her gaze, implacable, ---- facing them head-on.
###Chapter 415
---- She might have been at a disadvantage, but she wouldnt back down.
"Fine, we'll be right here," Renata responded, watching her disappear into the forest, Silas leaning on her, taking small, painful steps.
As they passed by, Sigrid didnt forget to shoot them a sinister glare.
"Are you going to tell me whats going on? Why did you let her talk to you like that? I know I owe her an apologyshe made a deal with me, but you didnt even give me time to explain..." "Didn't you notice, Alessandre?" Renata turned to him, her eyes complicated.
"Didnt you notice anything different about her?" The vampire focused, trying to recall all the details.
Hed been so absorbed in the adrenaline and chaos of the moment that only now did he realize this Electra was different.
Her aura, the spirit in her eyes, her attitude, her magic everything was...
off.
"Inside that witch is hiding the spirit of a Selenia." Alessandres eyes widened, shocked by something so incredible, so unheard of.
"And the most extraordinary thing, my loveher magic, her dark energyit feels like...
a copy of mine.
An evolution.
An inheritance.
With every word Renata spoke, she sounded crazier and crazier, ---- but the vampire didnt dare take her lightly.
"If [haven't had children yet, how do you explain that the spirit of that Selenia feels like my descendant, like my own dark magic?" Both of them fell silent.
"Those dreams you hadthe strange ones.
You told me the Goddess spoke of changes and help..." "T think shes the help," Renata nodded.
"The Selenia woman inhabiting Electra De la Croix is our family and shes from the future.
Didnt you hear how she threatened me with the consequences?" "But why dont I smell my bloodline? No, no, noit cant be that youre paired with someone else, you cant!" Alessandre grabbed her shoulders, the mere thought of it driving him mad with jealousy.
"My love, I dont know which one of us has gotten dumber with all this separation and these restrictions." Renata leaned into his chest, hugging him tightly.
Her physical body isnt here, only her spiritual magic.
How are you supposed to smell her blood, you idiot? Her biggest threat is the witches." Alessandre understood, wrapping his arms around her too, burying his nose in her neck, inhaling her delicious scent like an addicthed missed her so much.
Always dodging difficulties and their parents' watchful eyes just to see each other.
---- Sometimes he just wanted to take her hand and run away, but he knew Renata carried too much weight on her shouldersan entire realm she would inherit.
What was the union of mates compared to that? It was nothing.
They spent the next few minutes like that, kissing softly amid the chaos of the battle they themselves had ignited.
Waiting for Sigrid to return.
"Wait! So I asked my descendant to be my fake fiancée?" Alessandre grimaced in disgust, though worse unions had happened beforeback when supernaturals didnt know they could mate with elementals and have offspring.
"pft," Renata finally managed a small smile, despite almost screwing up royally by nearly killing "the savior." "Better not tell her anything.
Lets wait and see what she proposes.
They agreedif that Selenia was their solution, they would support her completely.
That man is also very dangerous.
The power inside him is too destructive.
Honestly...
I only saved him for her.
But it wouldve been better if hed died," Renata confessed, frowning in worry.
"shes coming back," the vampire whispered to her.
###Chapter 416
---- 240.
TAKING CONTROL NARRATOR Footsteps echoed over the damp earth as the storm had finally subsided.
The forest was destroyed and lifeless, blackened in a radius of nearly a kilometer from the battleground.
Fortunately, they had moved far enough from the mansion; otherwise, Sigrid would have been exposed.
"I think explanations are unnecessary," Sigrid stood before them, ready to be brief and to the point.
This encounter with her ancestors was more bitter than sweet.
"Mr.
Vlad has probably already explained our deal to you..." "I...
m sorry.
I was too impulsive," Renata admitted, and that was one of the few apologies shed ever given in her life.
"I dont forgive you," Sigrid snapped back harshly, "especially for what you did to Silas.
We're only having this 'friendly' conversation because you saved him in the end." Renata frowned but didnt argue.
After all, Silas had been the first to attack her, but she understood he was only defending the woman he loved.
This whole mess was fueled by love and jealousy.
"You know, dont you?" Sigrid added suddenly.
---- After exposing herself like that, it was impossible for Renata not to have figured it out.
The Selenia princess merely nodded, letting out a sigh.
"Good.
If you've figured it out, that makes things easier for me." Sigrid felt as though a weight had been lifted from her heart.
At last, everything would be simpler.
"I'm here to help, not to threaten..." "T know, and we want to support you," Renata quickly replied, seeing the relief deep in Sigrids eyes.
How disastrous must the future be for the Goddess to make such a decision? Then I'll get straight to the point.
It seems you have a war brewing over your throne.
Lucrecia Silver is plotting in the shadows to overthrow your crown.
Families like the Vlads are backing herits obvious." She exposed her great-great-grandfather without mincing words.
"And I think you've noticed the peculiarities of my elemental.
Thats Lucrecias doing.
Shes scheming very dark things with elementals, which you supposedly forbid from being enslaved." She attacked the crowns incompetence without mercy.
Renata couldnt argue.
Fighting against slavery, when everyone was desperate to have descendants, was even more complicated than holding onto the throne.
###Chapter 417
---- For now, she focused on Lucrecias experiments.
That deranged witch was extremely dangerous and had too many followers.
"There's also the De la Croix family," Alessandre reminded her, throwing the ball back into Sigrids court.
Although Morgana doesnt support the Silvers, shes not in favor of the crown either.
Im sure they could even forge a temporary alliance among witches to eliminate the Selenias." "That's going to change.
I'll take control of the De la Croix family, " Sigrid declared.
"Im going for Morganas head." Morgana was probably already suspicious of her, instigated by Drusillas poison.
They'd be waiting with a trap, but Sigrid wouldnt fall for it.
Plus, theyd discovered Silass peculiarities and his originsshe had to eliminate them.
She would take a breath, just enough to regain her strength, and the next night, shed go to claim the De la Croix estate.
Renata and Alessandre exchanged a glance.
This was a significant step.
Right now, what the Selenias needed most were allies.
If De la Croix joined them, it would weaken the witches.
I cant openly support you," Renata confessed, worried.
The witches, the vampires, even the Lycans are just waiting for an excuse to attack us.
We cant interfere in the internal affairs of the ---- families, but I can give you something very important." She stepped forward and lifted her wrist, making a deep cut from which dark blood began to flow.
"This is the blood of a Selenia, filled with power and energy.
It wont nourish your physical body, but it will strengthen your magic and your spirit.
Drink, little one.
Dont be afraid," Renata offered her vitality without reservation.
"L'm so sorry you had to get this impression of me.
Just...
become stronger...
we'll support you from the shadows." And Sigrid didnt refuse.
Pride wouldnt win this war.
She lowered her head to accept what was offered.
"Sigrid," she said before drinking, and they understood it was her real name Her exhausted magic began to stir and bubble like a volcano on the verge of eruption.
She ruthlessly locked away Electras spirit, took control of every corner of her body, and armored herself with powerful dark magic.
She would challenge Morgana De la Croix, become the lady of the estate, and the owner of the Risorgimento Book.
In this life, Electra would no longer be second best, and to Drusillas sins, she added laying a hand on her Silas.
seb Alessandre saw her, determined to do whatever it took, and his ---- heart filled with shamethat a young descendant had more courage than he, an ancient and powerful vampire.
If Sigrid took possession of half the witches, then he would claim the head of the Vlad family, and together they could take down Lucrecia Silver, without Renata, the future Selenia queen, even being involved or implicated But to do that, Alessandre would have to make the hardest decision of all.
For the vampires to accept him as the new lord of Clan Vlad, he had to kill the current lordhis father.
###Chapter 418
---- 241.
[ALWAYS KNEW IT SIGRID "Wait!" Renata called after me as our conversation came to an end.
There were still too many unresolved matters, unfinished plans, but we couldnt discuss everything in just one night.
Besides, my mind kept drifting back to the cave where I had left Silas.
I was worried about him.
"This will protect you," she said, removing a beautiful necklace with a delicate gold chain and a pendant shaped like a black teardrop.
Tt will prevent your Selenia power from exposing itself by accident." Sigrid took it with curiosity.
If that was its purpose, it would be extremely useful "When you fight Morgana, this will keep your Selenia aura from escaping outside the mansion and alerting the entire estate to what you are.
Theyll only think its a dispute between sisters for leadership," she explained, securing the magical pendant against my skin, where it settled coldly.
Fine, I'll take it.
Thanks," I replied, feeling slightly awkward.
Truth be told, they would have to work harder to fix this awful first impression.
"Tm leaving.
I'll see you at the agreed meeting point.
If I dont ---- show up..." You have to show up," Alessandre interrupted.
"You have to win.
Pll go undercover to the De la Croix estate and help you however I can." "Tll erase all traces of magic from this battle.
You can rest easy," Renata assured me.
Inodded to both of them.
Having support was an unexpected turn of events.
We exchanged a few more polite words before I finally set off on my way.
1 didnt fully trust them, but they were my only hope, so I had no choice.
I looked toward the mountaintop from below and transformed into fine mist, flowing with the elements.
I could feel Renatas magic roaring in my veins after drinking her powerful blood.
I needed time to fully absorb it, and I would also use it to heal Silas.
Standing before the cave, I drew more and more runes around the entrance to protect us from the cold, intruders, and any lurking danger.
1 stepped inside, walking through the narrow corridor, quickly reaching the small cavern I had discovered The warm magical light I had left glowing like a tiny bonfire on the ground illuminated Silas, sitting on my cloak in a corner, staring intently at the entrance.
"My lady!" He tried to stand as soon as he saw me.
---- "Silas, no, dont move..." I rushed toward him, bending down because of the low ceiling.
"Pm fine, my lady.
"No, youre not fine!" I knelt in front of Silas, examining him more closely now that we finally had time.
"No, Pm worsebut I dont feel bad, dont look..." He lowered his head, gripping his clothes.
Oh, Goddess...
yes, he was worse.
His skin was completely ruined, his hair singed, and the half of his face that had been intact was now blackened as well, his flesh hardening and cracking.
"Close your eyes and lie down on the cloak.
Ill heal you now," I tried to push him down, but he kept resisting.
"No, dont waste your magic on me.
If theyre after you, if Morgana is looking for you, she'll attack.
You cant go home now...
He grabbed my hands, anxious, though he avoided looking at me.
"Silas, look at me.
No more running.
Look at me," I cupped his cheeks gently, forcing him to face me.
By the heavens...
his eyes, they looked like endless voidstruly terrifying.
But I had always seen beyond his appearance.
"That is not my home.
My home is wherever the people I care for are," I wanted so badly to confess everything.
Would he believe me? He had proven his loyalty to me in so many ways.
###Chapter 419
---- Who are those people, my lady?" he asked, lowering his gaze, his voice rough, always surrounded by so much mystery.
"Here, in this life, in this world...
my only homes called Silas.
You are the one I cherish most, and I will take care of you the best I can, "T finally admitted, hugging him tightly, seeking comfort against him.
Silas didnt answer immediately, but his arms closed around me possessively, pulling me tightly against his chest, where his heart pounded rapidly.
Even though this wasnt my body, even though this wasnt my heart, I felt butterflieshappy, nervousfluttering wildly in my stomach.
My cheeks burned.
I was a little embarrassed now that I had finally admitted it.
Tliked Silas.
I had realized it long agoI just hadnt wanted to acknowledge such a complicated problem.
This strange, broken man, full of scars and darkness...
he had to be my mate, my magical soulmate.
If I had my other instincts, if he werent so corrupted, we would have fully recognized each other.
But I think, in some way, we already had.
"I have always known the truth about you," Silas suddenly confessed, leaving me stunned.
"I saw both magics inside the same body, through my cursed eye." All this time...
he knew? ---- "You...
you dont fear me? Why didnt you tell me?" I murmured, hiding my face in the crook of his neck.
We were so close, the warmth of the fire heating the cave.
"T didnt tell you because I didnt want my lady to push me away.
I ...
feared that if you realized I had discovered your secret, you would separate yourself from me," he explained.
I didnt question him.
I knew Silas had his own calculationsat least in the beginning.
Now...
I truly didnt know what he was planning anymore.
and no, I never feared you," he added in a dark, magnetic whisper.
Why would I fear the only being who has brought light into this miserable life of mine?" My heart skipped a beat as his hand gently stroked my hair, his breath warm against my forehead, my own emotions stirring within this body.
My hands clenched into the torn fabric of his clothes, damp with sweat.
My soul trembled, elated.
He had always cared for me, not Electrame.
"silas..." I tried to lift my head.
I needed to tell him.
How could I explain that one day, I would have to leave this world but that I planned to take him with me, though I still didnt ---- know how? However, a cold, rough hand, scarred and calloused, gently pressed over my eyesover Electras eyes.
"Whats wrong?" My lady, you promised me...
if I was good, you'd grant me a reward." Iremembered my promise before leaving the estate.
Why the sudden change? And were you good?" I smirked slightly, betting anything that deep down, he was thrilled we had been interrupted earlier so he could escape.
"[ve always been very good to my lady," he whispered against my lips, his breath mingling with mine.
My face burnedI must have been blushing.
" T swallowed hard.
"Well, I can give you a reward." "Can Task for anything I want?" suddenly, a thousand images not suitable for puppies flashed through my mind.
Oh, Goddess, why had I become such a pervert?! Damn Electra and her potions! "Y-y-yes...!" I stammered, waiting, bracing myself.
###Chapter 420
---- 242.
YOU ARE MY REWARD Being unable to see and only relying on hearing and touch made me alittle anxious.
I could have spied on him with magic, but I chose not toI would follow his will.
suddenly, thin, cold, and dry lips brushed against mine.
1 felt the wetness of his tongue gliding along my lower lip, and a gasp escaped my mouth when he captured it and sucked it between his teeth.
Our bodies burned with excitement, my trembling hands clenched against his chest.
Tparted my lips and felt his move over minepossessive, slow, delicious, wet, sensual.
One of his hands gripped the back of my neck, controlling me, while the other remained over my eyes, keeping me blind.
His tongue pushed in to explore, to claim me, and I met him halfway, caressing him with my own.
We had done far more shameless things before, yet this kiss felt so intimate.
Mmmm, I moaned and hissed, suppressing my desire.
Itilted my head to deepen it, urging him to devour me harder, more passionately.
My hands grasped his shoulders, holding him against me.
My magic slipped free, intertwining with histhe best way to heal ---- him was through physical exchange.
Shifting my position, I tried to straddle him, but he abruptly pulled away from the kiss.
Does it hurt? Oh, Goddess, forgive me.
Did I hurt you? No, no, my lady, its just...
we...
we should rest.
What? You kiss me like that, get me all worked up, and now you want to rest? The worst part was that I could feel the hard bulge pressing against my knee, He wanted me too.
I knew exactly why he was stopping.
{ dont want to rest.
Didnt you ask for a reward? Then I'll give it to you.
]-1 already got my reward...
I never imagined my lady would let me kiss her lips.
Silas...
I reached to remove his hand.
No! he suddenly growled, losing control.
{ dont want it to be like this! You say it doesnt matter to you, but it does to me.
I dont want you to see me like thisto remember me this way.
silas, this isnt my real body either.
How do you think I feel? You are beautiful.
I know you must be even more beautiful in your real body.
Ive dreamed of you, my lady.
Ive made love to you so ---- many times in my mind.
You...
you are perfect, and I...
and what about like this? I interrupted, waving my hand in the air.
The fire's light extinguished completely, plunging us both into darkness.
Like witches, he had good sight in the dark, but I lowered my head and tore a strip of fabric from my skirt, tying it around my eyes.
T won't use magic to see.
Is this better for you? Just feeling no sight.
Thadnt even finished speaking when his hands pulled me forcefully against him, lifting me onto his lap, straddling his thighs.
A desperate, hungry mouth crashed against mine.
Silas, mmm, I moaned as my lips were sucked and nibbled.
His demanding mouth trailed down my neck, making me tremble with pleasure.
I tilted my head back, granting him full access Letting him mark me as he loved toleaving traces of himself on my skin.
His hurried hands slid up my legs, exposing my thighs and gathering the fabric of my skirt.
He didnt stop.
His grip tightened around my waist, pressing against my corset until his fingers found the soft flesh of my breasts, cupping them, kneading them over the fabric, setting my body ablaze.
Impatiently, he undid the front laces, ready to bare me completely.
###Chapter 421
---- Though I didnt have as much experience as he did, I refused to search through Electras memories.
Tonight, I would be myselfI would feel everything, as if it were my first time in my real body.
Axaw moan left my throat as my breasts spilled free, still propped up by the corset beneath them.
My nipples stood firm, ready for his mouth.
Silas lowered his head, and I felt his breath hovering over my aching peak.
The wet tip of his tongue began rolling over and over, moving my nipple up and down, taking it between his teeth, playing with my sanity.
My entire body trembled with pleasureI wanted more, so much more...
"Aah, sssh," my hand found the back of his head, and I pushed him so that his hot mouth would take me deeper.
I gasped as he sucked me deliciously, drawing me in with erotic, lascivious sounds, groaning hoarsely against my chest.
Saliva dripped down my skin, while his skilled hands kneaded and squeezed my other breast.
My underwear was soaked, my pussy throbbed and clenched, dripping viscous juices, preparing to be impaled to the hilt.
I shifted into a better position over him, and my pussy trembled with lust as I aligned myself right above that hard erection.
---- Memories flooded back into my mind.
That thick shape, the veined, rigid shaft, the swollen, reddish tip with its slit glistening1 imagined him spilling inside me, filling me with his seed...
ahh, Silas, Silas..." I moaned his name, my hips instinctively rolling over his thighs, seeking the blissful friction between our sexes.
His mouth wreaked havoc on my breasts, moving from one to the other, sucking, licking, devouring, while the scent of sex and unrestrained desire filled the cave.
My back arched, and only fevered moans escaped my lips.
Silas growled like a beast in heatI knew he was holding himself back, restraining the urge to throw me down and take me right then and there.
suddenly, he seized me dominantly; the world spun around me, leaving me dizzy, clinging onto him for balance.
Silas laid me down carefully on the makeshift blanket, kneeling between my legs, his eager hands sliding up my skirt entirely.
He caressed my thighs with sinful reverence, exposing me to his intense, lascivious gaze.
T knew itthose powerful eyes could see me in the darkness.
His wicked fingers traced my inner thighs, grabbing the edges of my panties and pulling them snugly between the swollen petals of my pussy, dragging them up and down, making me moan in ---- pleasure.
"aah," Larched, spreading my legs wider, lifting my hipsshhh, it felt so damn good.
I wanted him to play with my clit, to make me scream in raw lust.
Then, I felt him slip inside my soaked underwear, and he began to torture that needy, aching spotthe one that was desperate for him to claim it.
###Chapter 422
---- 243.
1 WANT TO TOUCH YOU TOO SIGRID A deep growl escaped my throat as I threw my head back, lost in ecstasy and lust My legs were spread wide open, feet pointed in the air while possessive, rough hands gripped my thighs, and a lascivious mouth devoured my pussy.
sila...
ahhh...
wait...
I pleaded for mercy.
My clit was deliciously tortured between his teeth, his lips sucking and slurping with obscene sounds, his tongue dragging from my perineum, up and down my entire slit.
With my world plunged into darkness, all I could do was surrender to the unrestrained, dark desires this man made me feel, Mmmmnn, I bit my lip, embarrassed by how I was screaming like a whore, but the heat overtook me.
Then I felt his fingers parting the tender folds, exposing my pink, glistening entrance completely.
The tip of his tongue traced circles around it without entering, teasing me again and again, pulling desperate moans from my lips, making me arch my hips, offering myselftouch me inside! sshh, like that, Silas, just like that...
aahhh so good...
more, my Silas...
more...
He plunged into me all at once, flexible, skilled, experiencedinside and out, inside and out...
---- My walls clenched frantically from the overwhelming pleasure, my nectar dripping from my slit, and those eager lips kissed my pussy deeply.
I could hear his heavy breathing, the obscene, wet sounds of his mouth feasting, his muffled groans against my sex.
His rough hands squeezed my ass, spreading me open with his fingers.
His short hair brushed against my mound as he moved between my thighs, his nose stimulating my clit, and other times, he sucked it between his demanding lips.
Iwouldnt last long against this onslaughtSilas was a master at pleasure.
My legs trembled from the tension in the air.
I brought my hands to my bare breasts, groping them the way he would.
I twisted my hardened nipple, smacking my own flesh, while below, my pussy was being fucked so fucking good by two fingers and a relentless tonguefast, merciless, right where I needed to explode.
ahhh, faster...! Silas...
my Silas...
fuck me there, right there, aaahhh! I lifted myself slightly, propped on one elbow, the fire consuming my insides and my mind.
Treached down, tangling my fingers in his hair, one foot bracing against the floor while the other dug into the tense muscles of his back.
My hips started moving up, offering my dripping cunt for him to ravage.
I pushed him against me with frenzy, my magic spilling wildly, ---- feeling his darkness engulfing me completely, caressing my skin, my breastswrapping us both in the ecstasy of sharing our passion.
Tmoaned loudly, clenching my ass, my thighs shaking, my lower body suspended in the aironly to come with an intense orgasm, feeding him what I knew he craved so much.
I felt his dark desires, his possessiveness, his obsession with me, and it drove me to another level of madness.
He cradled my ass in his large hands, holding me, supporting me as I came hard with my eyes shut tight.
Ah, ah, ah, I gasped for air, breathing heavily through my mouth, my skin slick with sweat.
silas gently laid me down onto my own cloak.
My lips were swollen from biting them, my pussy still dripping, my ragged breaths mixing with his.
silas...
mmm, help me take this off, I said, touching the corset, feeling uncomfortable.
Iwas half-naked, my lower body and breasts exposed, but this damn thing in the middle was cutting off my air.
T immediately felt his hands finishing undressing me.
It wasnt my body, yet suddenly, I felt a bit shy, as if I hadnt just done something utterly shameless.
No, no, Sigrid, he always pleases youyou cant be so passive, I told myself, deciding to be bold as well.
###Chapter 423
---- I wasnt some prude.
The cool air kissed my feverish, flushed skin as his fingers sensually trailed over the curves of my breasts, my ribs, my belly, settling between my legs.
He watched me like a predator.
I sat up, wanting to take the initiative this time.
Clumsy, unable to see well, I reached out blindly, and he caught my hands, pulling me closer.
My bare breasts pressed against his chest.
I ran my fingers over his shoulders, making sure I wasnt hurting himI knew that whenever our magic converged, it was beneficial for Silas.
Then my mouth found his neck.
I flicked out my tongue, licking where I felt his frantic pulse, pressing against him, kneeling before my man.
I moved up to his chin, brushing over the stubble beginning to form.
He lowered his head, his lips panting just above mine.
silas...
Mmm, my tongue tasted himthe erotic flavor of my own pussy still on his mouth.
I sucked on his lips and kissed him deeply.
Silas immediately responded, frenzied, aroused, desperate.
Grabbing my hair to control me, he dominated the kiss, plunging his tongue into my mouth, exchanging saliva and moans, visceral desires.
My curious hands slid down his rock-hard abdomen, his sweat: ---- slicked skin under my fingertips.
I reached the edge of his rough pants, palming the massive outline beneath.
My silver-haired man let out a deep growl into my mouth when I started stroking him, kneading up and down, feeling the fabric bunch up, wet from his lustthe pulse of that thick, throbbing cock trembling under my teasing, inexperienced touch.
Silas made me feel so womanly, so confident, so fucking sexyhe responded to me with such raw intensity, so real, so authentic.
Sometimes, I feared I wouldnt be enough for him.
He had been.
with so many females what hadn't he done or seen? But none of it was by his own will, and with me, he surrendered because he wanted to.
My lady...
you dont...
you dont have to do this.
You dont have to do anything...
I'll take care of you...
He caught my hand when I pulled at the laces and buttons, slipping straight to touch him skin- to-skin.
Why not? I grabbed the nape of his neck, forcing him to lean in, my lips brushing his ear as I whispered seductively: T want to touch you too, my Silas.
###Chapter 424
---- 244.
SIGRID, YOU ARE MINE SIGRID I yanked his pants down, letting them roll down his thighs, imagining that delicious cock springing free with a jolt.
My curious fingers traced over the slick opening, feeling a thick, slippery liquid dripping down my hand.
silas growled, hissing with arousal against the hollow of my neck.
I started stroking him up and down, slow, delicious, squeezing as if it were my pussy enveloping him.
Do you like it? Mmmm...
am I doing it right? Yes...
yes...
ssshhhh...
faster...
he panted urgently, his hips hammering forward and back, following the movements of my wrist.
He lifted his head, attacking my lipsfierce, uncontrolled.
Our breaths mingled in ragged pants, my hand working him up and down, while Silass hands grabbed my ass, pulling me forward.
In an instant, I lost control of the situation.
Close your thighs...
sshhh now! he ordered like a wild beast.
I obeyed, and something hot and hard slid between the tender flesh, violating themreckless, relentless.
Silas kissed me passionately.
I wrapped my arms around his neck, kneeling in front of him, chest to chest.
---- 1 felt the pounding of his hips slamming against mine, his fingers digging into my ass while his cock thrust desperately between my thighs, rubbing against my dripping, needy sex.
my lady...
my lady...
I cant take it anymore...
I need you...
Ineed you now...
he groaned breathlessly, his whisper brushing my lips.
Yes, yes...
take me, Silas, take me...
was all I could say amidst the overwhelming sensations and emotions.
He laid me down on the blanket, and I immediately spread my legs for him, offering myself, feeling the weight of his masculine body pressing down on me.
His breath tangled with my own gasps, our hearts galloping wildly like untamed horses.
When his smooth, swollen tip began tracing between my pulsing folds, seeking the burning entrance, for the first time, I felt a flicker of fear.
Ihad never done this beforeElectra had, but I hadnt.
By instinct, and fearing a pain that would never come, I started getting nervous.
I swallowed hard, my clenched fists gripping the blanket.
shhh, dont be afraid, dont be afraid...
I will never hurt you, never, his deep, sensual voice caressed my soul in the darkness.
He entered me slowly, inch by inch, my reddened folds stretching, yielding to accommodate his size.
I threw my head back, a deep moan escaping my throat as he impaled me.
###Chapter 425
---- My damp lashes fluttered against the worn fabric beneath me.
Silas hissed against my breasts before sucking them into his sinful mouth, while below, his hips moved sensuallyslow, deep, in and out, in and out...
Fuck, this feels so damn good! This lustful body had been made for filth and pleasure.
My pussy clenched, hungry, drenching itself, swallowing that thick, scorching-hot cock over and over again...
sshhh...
Damn it, I started grinding too, pushing him deeper, harder.
Mmmm...
my lady...
you feel so good...
ssshhh...
Sigrid, I grabbed his hand, barely able to form words, and pressed it to my heart.
sigrid, I repeated the name of the intruder in this world, in his world, but one I desperately wanted him to be part of mine.
His magic turned wild, wrapping around me completely, slipping into my mouth, searching for mine, making love to me just as his.
elemental body did.
sigrid...
Sigrid...
youre mine.
Say you're mine, only mine...
Tam...
Silas...
ahaaahhh...
'm yours, forever...
I clung to his back, drowning in pleasure, in the dark temptation that this man was for me.
Ilet myself be loved and fucked by his cock, my legs spread wide, our passionate kisses, our moans, our panting breaths, the scent of ---- pure sex and filth thick in these primitive walls.
Our skin, slick with sweat and blood, merged, moving frantically against each other, our silhouettes rocking together in the darkness.
Silas suddenly flipped me over, laying back on the ground, controlling my hips as 1 instinctively began to ride him.
My nails dug into his chest, my thighs rising and falling faster and faster.
1 felt the wetness pooling between us, soaking us both.
Leaning forward, I impaled myself deliciously, hitting that sensitive spot that made my head spin with pleasure.
Silas gripped my hips, twisting and spanking my ass, making it bounce just like my breasts, which were soon captured by his hungry mouth.
So many sensations had me teetering on the edge.
aahhsshhh Silas...
fuck, it feels so good...
ahhh my male...
youre mine, mine!...
you drive me crazy...
I screamed and growled, riding him like a she-wolf in heat, completely out of control, the Selenia collar hiding my power that exploded into the mountainsI couldnt hold it back.
1 drowned in his possessive darkness, delirious, letting myself be devoured and controlled, while my ravenous cunt reveled in being fucked hard and fast, while my soul reveled in being tamed.
Iwas the slave, and he was my master.
---- SILAS I couldnt breathe, I was drowning in these new, overwhelming sensations.
How had I done this act so many times before, yet this...
this felt like my first time?
###Chapter 426
---- 245.
1 LOVE YOU SO MUCH SIGRID So many first times with hermy first sincere kiss, my first real touches and embraces, the first time I even slightly understood why those women were so intoxicated and obsessed with feeling what I am feeling now, Watching her on top of me, so aroused, riding me with pure lust over my wretched body, my manhood reveling in the pleasure of taking her femininity, lifting her to the heightsonly me.
She is mine, only mine.
She screamed, arching her back, calling my name, telling me I was her male, her man...
I was burning in her fire.
She had no idea what she did to me.
Those plump, sensual lips parted, her entire being trembling, her eyes blinded, but I saw her.
Only her.
Her spirit shone outside that witchs body.
My darkness always craved that lightto take it, to claim it as ours.
Her pussy clenched frantically, spilling itself so sweetly, and my cock throbbed, begging for release had held back all this time, waiting for her, and I only needed a few thrusts, gripping her hips, melting inside her heat, before I, too, reached my peak.
Sigrid...
her beautiful name slipped from my lips.
At last, I know your name, and I savored it, closing my eyes in ecstasy, groaning from the depths of my chest, losing myself in these overwhelming ---- feelings that she awakened in my shattered heart.
My infertile balls trembled, spilling everything deep inside her, filling her up.
I wanted to breed herabsurd.
It wasnt even her body.
I couldnt give her children.
I clung to her desperately, like a madman, flooded with tormenting emotions, but also fearso much fear.
Ihad so little to offer her, so little, and she...
she was one of a kind.
Any man would lose his mind for this woman.
She held onto me, sweating, tiny spasms rippling through the tense muscles of her body.
In the darkness, we lay in silence, just feeling what we had given each other.
No matter the circumstancesto me, it felt real and true.
My Sigrid.
I think...
I think this is what they call love.
I...
love you so much...
so much...
I feel like I cant go on in this life without you...
I wouldnt think about tomorrow.
Right now, in this moment, I would love her with everything I had.
I flipped her over onto the tangled pile of clothes and started possessing her all over again.
---- We collapsed, exhausted, falling into sleep after giving ourselves to each other all night.
I didnt know how long we had rested.
It was the first time I had slept so deeply for so long.
But with her in my arms...
I could sleep forever.
When I opened my eyes again, my incredible dream turned into a nightmare.
I shot up, panicked, not finding her by my side.
My hands touched the cold blankets, only my clothesshe was gone.
My lady! I bolted upright, searching for her like a madman.
She couldnt have left me, no, no, no...
What if she went back to her world? You cant leave me! YOU CANT! My curse spread wildly, raging through the caves, hunting for her.
Tran out, completely naked, into the gallery, but I couldnt feel her.
When did she leave?! Isprinted toward the exit, through the narrow passageway.
Why did I fall asleep?! WHY?! When I reached the opening, an enormous boulder blocked my way.
This wasnt here yesterdayshe sealed the cave.
###Chapter 427
---- Iwas about to unleash my power, ready to break this spell, this rock whatever it took, I had to get to Sigrid! But then, words suddenly glowed before my eyes.
?Silas, dont be afraid, please.
I need to do something tonight.
Wait for me and heal with my magic.
If you disobey me this time, there won't be a reward for a long time.
Im warning you.? Istretched out my fingers, my heart settling back in my chest, and touched the words as they faded into the air.
It was her magic.
It wasnt a trick.
I imagined her threatening me, and a crooked smirk curled the corner of my lipsbut it quickly faded into a hard, worried expression.
Dm sorry, Sigrid.
I can never obey you if you leave me behind.
As long as you take me with you, I will do whatever you ask." And yet...
lunderstood.
Iwas only a burden to her.
Yesterday, I had almost died.
I was so weak despite this black magic that had been eating away at my soul for years.
I lowered my gaze to my battered body.
She had healed me by making love to menot just my wounds, but a part of my mind, too.
Memories started resurfacing memories from that mansion, of the atrocities Lucrecia committed against elementals.
---- That dark magic she forced into our bodies, controlling us, only to strengthen herself when we fucked her.
Those memories disgusted me But it was important information for my lady.
I had to tell her.
Tran my hands over my deformed face and let out a bitter laugh.
No matter how much magic we exchanged, I doubted that what had been ruined could ever be restored.
"How do I escape?" I wondered, but thensomething deep and urgent made me turn around.
My curse, still desperately seeking a way out, had found another passage.
T could escape.
Thurried back into the small cave and dressed quickly in what little clothing remained.
I grabbed my ladys cloak, still drenched in her scent, in minein sex, sweat, and lust.
I took a deep breath before wrapping it around myself.
It was like carrying her with me.
Before leaving the cave, I turned to look inside, brushing my fingers over the cold stone wall.
Here...
here, I made love for the first time...
with my person.
---- One day, I'll do it with her real body.
I nodded, letting myself believe in my own delusions, and followed the dark tunnels, piercing deep into these mountains, down winding passages that resembled wolves maws.
I followed the instinct of this cursed energy, which I had long since accepted as my own.
But I never imagined where it would take me.
The place where I had nearly died once.
The place where I met the light of my life.
And now, it would be the place where I was given a suicidal, dangerous chance...
A chance to become a man worthy of standing by her side.
###Chapter 428
---- 246.
THE CURSED FOREST SILAS 1 dont know how long Ive been walking it feels like the entire day.
I quenched my thirst with the cold underground streams 1 found along the way.
I wasnt really hungry.
Having consumed so much magic had replaced the nutrients my body needed.
Tsat on the rocky ground, but only for a few seconds.
I knew that if Iwere an ordinary elemental, I wouldnt have been able to keep moving like thisespecially not in this nearly oxygen-deprived, claustrophobic environment.
Sometimes, the tunnels descended deeper and deeper, where I encountered insects and strange creatures burrowing into the damp earth.
Then, they would rise, twisting into torturous paths, until at last, a faint current of air brushed against my face.
1 followed it desperately, feeling pain stabbing through every muscle in my legs from walking nonstop...
all day...
Tt was nearly nightfall when the narrow tunnel opened into a vast cave.
The stench of some wild animal filled the air, with remnants of bones and dung scattered everywhere.
Thad to get out of here! I summoned my magic, which I was mastering with greater control each time.
It scouted ahead for dangers while I followed swiftly, ---- finally emerging into open space.
Tran a good distance, chasing my instincts.
I was already far from that predator's cave, convinced I was safe.
Panting, I bent down, bracing a knee against the ground, gasping for breath.
Then, something began to burn in the palm of my handa euphoric sensation, the curse devouring some kind of energy.
lifted my gazeand froze.
I immediately backed away from the twisted, blackened, and rotting tree.
I looked around.
No, no, why had this thing brought me here? I felt it writhing inside me, excited.
Something within these trees was calling itthe dark energy of the corpses trapped inside them.
They had died with so much hatred, so much resentment in their hearts, so much pain...
just as I would have, if Sigrid hadnt appeared that night to save me.
I tooka step back.
I almost preferred leaving this dead place and retracing my path back toward the cave.
However, I caught the last glimmers of the sun setting between the withered branches of the trees.
I couldnt waste any more time.
"1 command youfollow my ladys trail!"" I ordered my black magic, which always sought out Sigrids.
###Chapter 429
---- But this time, it was scattered, untamed, excited by something something hungry, a hollow space in my chest that demanded to be filled.
NO! TAKE ME TO SIGRID OR I WILL STOP USING YOU!" I roared in my mind.
It was as if it had a will of its own, always like a monster living inside me.
At last, the dark mist slithered forward, heading in a direction I followed with weary stepsbut determined.
Only the whisper of my footsteps echoed in my ears, along with other voices...
wails I forced myself to block out.
Icouldnt do anything to avenge them.
Then suddenly I froze.
I thought I heard a baby crying.
And voicesjust ahead.
I cloaked myself in shadows, melting into the darkness of the night.
Hiding behind a charred tree, I witnessed a horrifying scene There was an old well, a woman standing beside a servant holding asmall bundleone that sobbed weaker and weaker.
The blanket slipped slightly, and under the silver light, I recognized the child.
One of them.
The ones they called cursed.
His skin was marked in blacklike hideous tattoos, like so many of my own deformities.
---- It meant he had to die.
He wasnt the perfect heirjust a humiliation, a disgrace to his mother.
The witch who was now discussing how to dispose of the consequences of sleeping with a weak elemental.
A sharp pain stabbed through my skull.
I pressed a hand to my temple, dizzy, my vision tilting And then, long-forgotten fragments of memory surged forward: eee FLASHBACK "Lady Lucrecia, its twoits two! Twins! Oh, its a miracle, thank the Godd! Whats happening? Tell me right now whats happening! Is it stillborn?! I swear! No...
its just...
no...
its not right...
Twas much, much younger.
Peering through the doorway as basins of water were carried in and out.
The stench of blood filled the air.
The slave women moved nervously, while the screams of that fucking witch rang through the chamber.
---- She wanted to bleed out on that bed.
I stared, unblinking.
Those had been the calmest months since I had arrived in this hell.
Luerecia had left me alonebecause she was pregnant.
And now, as I watched them pull the first infant free My mind staggered under the realization.
That child could be mine.
Both of them, maybe...
Though Lucrecia didnt only sleep with me.
CURSE IT! CURSE IT, ITS DEFECTIVE! AAAHHH, GET IT AWAY, GET THAT THING OUT OF MY SIGHT! AAAAHHH! It hurts! Get it outget the other one out! Screams.
Curses.
The wailing of a newborn, shoved aside.
The slaves exchanged fearful glances as the woman on the bed groaned and sweated, the midwifes hands between her splayed legs.
Then, the second baby emerged...
And he was cursed too.
###Chapter 430
---- 247.
IMPOTENCE SILAS "AAAHAHHHH! THIS IS ALL YOUR FAULT, YOU FUCKING SLAVES! She roared like a madwoman, panting and drenched in sweat.
Her murderous magic exploded, slicing through the heads of several unsuspecting women in the room.
It was a massacre, and in the middle of it allthose two cries.
I crouched beside the door, shielding myself from her attack.
I peered through the crack.
Something in me needed to save them.
They were innocent.
They werent to blame for coming from such a rotten womb.
BRING THEM TO ME! Now! y-yes, my lady, the servant stammered, handing her the two babiesboth males.
I thoughtjust for onceI would see something in her eyes.
Some mercy.
Some warmth.
They were her own children.
She summoned two sharp daggers into her hands.
Alarm flared in my chestshe was going to kill them! Nooo! T lunged forward without thinking, bursting into the room ---- challenging her again.
Powerless to change a damn thing.
She lowered her hands.
And in a single motion, she silenced their criesforever.
ee PRESENT...
My entire body shook.
Rage burned through my veins.
My teeth clenched, barely holding back the urge to kill surging inside my soul.
The past merging with the now.
When I saw her approach the well, ready to drown the child in its foul waters Tost control.
I moved.
I bolted from my hiding spot, racing toward her.
I unleashed all the magic I had been unable to use back then, attacking to kill.
She gasped, dropping the small bundle to the ground.
The baby barely whimperedhe was dying.
I had no time to help him.
T lunged at the witch and her servant before they could react.
In my hands, forged from black magic, two long daggers formed and I drove them straight toward her chest.
What the hell?! What kind of monster are you?! she shrieked, yanking her servants arm at the last second.
The woman stepped in my path.
I felt the daggers sink into her ---- neck.
Hot blood sprayedher scream cut off in her throat.
Her eyes stared at mewide, terrified.
She collapsed, bleeding out over the leaves.
The witch turned and ran.
She was young.
A freshly trained sorceress.
But that didnt mean I would show her mercy.
I pursued her relentlessly, sending my magic to hunt her down like a death hound.
Soon, my dark tendrils coiled around her ankles, dragging her back toward me.
She whirled around in the clearing her mouth opening wide And then She spat fire.
Like some exotic beast.
Flames erupted from her throat.
It licked across my skin, scorching me.
The tree behind me caught fire.
But the air shifted.
Dark energy filled it.
My magic floated around us, learning from my past battles I dodged her attacks.
The mist wrapped around herthen tightened around her throat, following my will.
I squeezed.
And squeezed.
I lifted her into the air.
she kickedterrified.
She hurled wild spells, cursed me, threatened me But all I felt was the oxygen leaving her body.
###Chapter 431
---- That blackened hand of shadows crushed her windpipe, guided by my clenched fist.
1 did not stop when the begging began.
I did not stop until I watched her die.
Until her body hung limp.
Her arms fell slack.
Strangled.
BAM! I threw her to the ground like the filth she was.
For the first time I felt good.
1 felt satisfied with my victory.
But the feeling lasted too damn short.
Irushed back to the wellwhere the servants body remained.
And there 1 found the baby.
No, no, little one, wake upwake up! I scooped him into my arms, leaning over his small, cold body.
His chest was still.
His eyes shut.
His tiny facepale and disfigured, like mine.
Helplessness consumed me againjust like in that memory.
Like in all my memories.
Thad never been able to change a damn thing.
why? ---- Why do elementals have to suffer like this?! WHY, WHEN WE WERE THE TRUE NATIVES OF THIS LAND?! Troared inside my mind.
Something wet slid down my cheek.
Trarely cried in my life.
But bitter tears streaked down my face as I walkednothing more than another spirit in this graveyard.
Tknelt in the clearing.
Before the tree where my lady had offered me anew life.
Itore the ragged remains of my shirt from beneath my cloak and wrapped the child in it.
Then, I began to dig.
With my bare hands.
My nails peeled away as I clawed through the earth, through the stones and dried-out soil.
Thunder rumbled overhead.
The wind howled, lashing against me.
Astorm raged in my soul.
I didnt understand it.
I had never understood the injustices of this savage world, where only the strong survived If I were like Sigridif I were as powerful as her I could have saved him.
I could have saved them all.
Maybe even those twins.
Maybe...
they were the only children I would ever have in this life.
Maybe it was better that they died.
Maybe they werent even mine.
Maybe...
maybe...
---- let the chaos consume me.
With bloodied hands, I lowered the baby into the hole I had dug.
Salted drops fell onto the filthy fabric.
Onto his cold, lifeless body.
And thenI covered him.
With more and more dirt.
Sigrid...
my love...
where are you? 1 felt like I was drowning.
I felt like, without her by my side 1 would become something horrible.
No...
I wanted to become something terrible.
To be feared.
To be respected as something that felt, too.
Even if the only thing left in me was the insatiable urge to kill.
I buried my face in my hands.
Smearing dirt across my skin.
Clawing at my deformed flesh.
My eyes burned.
I knew they were black againboth of them.
I did nothing to silence the screams in my head.
Where were they coming from? 1 lifted my gaze.
And I saw them.
This time I did not look away.
I did not run.
###Chapter 432
---- 248.
SPECTRUM TREES SILAS Through these eyes that could pierce both bodies and dark hearts, I discovered the specters trapped within the trunks of those trees.
Shadows filled with hatred.
Their bodies had died and rotted, but their thirst for vengeance, their resentment, their spirits, remained imprisoned in these cages, where elementals were sent to die once they became useless.
I stood up.
Lightning illuminated the darkness.
I called them with all my power.
This was why this dark magic had brought me here.
It was euphoric, eager to absorb and feed on these shadows.
I didnt stop it this time.
I let it explode in a wave of destruction that shattered the bark of the trunks, broke the chains, and set them free.
"Come to me!" Icalled them with resolve.
They would not be easily tamed, would not allow themselves to be controlled.
They would not accept a master after just tasting freedom.
But I needed their hatred, their resentment, their darkness, to strengthen mine, to become something truly fearsome.
Howls and eerie sounds filled the night.
Blood-red eyes devoured me, dark silhouettes of men and women closed in, surrounding me.
One of them lungedthe first to challenge me.
The shadow of a ---- man with black claws and a roar from beyond the grave.
Tsummoned my magic, drew my dagger, and struck at his intangible throat, swift and precise.
For a second, doubt flickered in my mind.
Could I even harm them? They had no flesh, no physical body.
The chilling scream and the black mist that began to absorb into my dagger confirmed it.
Yes, I could.
And so the battle began.
It was them or me.
Dominate or die.
And I was not ready to die not now that I had found my light.
"AAAHGGGRRRRI" I roared at the sky, thick with storm clouds.
Magic surged around my broken body, a black whirlwind spiraling relentlessly, expanding, growing stronger, destroying the specters that tried to consume me.
let it all out.
Blood streamed from my eyes, my mouth, my ears, my nose.
My legs threatened to give out, my hands raw and burning, gripping the daggers as I slashed and fought like a cornered beast.
There were moments when all I wanted was rest.
Eternal rest.
But one image, one thought, kept me fighting, made me stand up again and again.
Her warmth.
The way she loved my ugliness.
Her beautiful words.
Hatred no longer ruled my senses.
I wanted to be strong for her, for someone other than myself.
###Chapter 433
---- Tendured.
Over and over, in the eye of the storm.
Dark currents whipped past me, dangerous and violent, crackling with the magic they devoured.
Troared, taking it allevery ounce of hatred, every drop of rage, every piece of darkness.
I claimed it as my own.
Because it would make me stronger.
No...
Ineeded to be the strongest of all.
So I could stay beside my favorite person.
The blood moon shone intensely over the battlefield, and then A revelation struck my mind.
eee FLASHBACK TO THE TRUE PAST, BEFORE SIGRID CHANGED IT.
"Where...
am I?" My eyes snapped open.
Disoriented.
My mind blurred, confused.
I had been doing something important What is this?! No, no.
Why am I trapped?! My hands fumbled against my surroundings, scraping at the wood, trying to claw my way out.
I wanted to scream.
I remembered this feeling.
---- The pain across my entire body.
Raw, burning flesh.
That corrosive liquid, eating away at me, devouring me slowly while I was still alive.
Iwas food for this demon tree.
This abomination, created by witches.
I had to escape...
again.
Had I already escaped once? When? "Wait, Norma, let me...
let me see her one last time." "My lady, please, you must do this.
No one can discover her, or they will use her against you!" Through the bark, I saw them.
Two women, speaking nearby.
Itried to move, tried to call for help, but only I could hear my screams of agony And those of the others condemned to this place.
"Tf only she had turned out right, I could have hidden her origins with my power.
Goddess, I will be punished.
How could I have given in to this? I dont understand how those damned witches keep trying, over and over again." One of them, her cloak heavy over her head, stared at the bundle in the arms of an older woman.
"The king agreed to accept her as his daughter.
Theyve tried so many times.
All they have is Renata.
If they fail again, they'll be left behind.
No matter how powerful they are, there are too few of them to hold onto power..." "shhh! Dont speak of details.
This forest...
I feel eyes everywhere.
We need to leave now." ---- She hushed the older woman.
And I could hardly believe what I was hearing.
But my cursed eyes confirmed it.
She pulled back her hood and kissed the baby.
A defective baby.
Marked for a short life, incapable of holding in her elemental body the energy of something as powerful as a Selenia.
Tlet out a low growl of rage, laughter laced with madness.
Because the Queen of the Selenia The same queen who had always promised to protect us, The one we elementals had trusted unconditionally Had abandoned her own child.
###Chapter 434
---- 249.
I WILL FIGHT FOR YOU SILAS Every day, we woke up filled with fear, like cattle hunted by vampires, witches, and lycans.
My poor parents would tell me, this new Queen will change the balance, we just need to give her time, we just need to have faith in her.
And I did.
Even after being kidnapped from my home, taken far away, chained, humiliated, and broken.
Talways clung to those words of encouragement.
One day, everything will change...
it will get better...
just endure...
trust in the Queen, and you will be rescued...
But on the verge of death, I saw her true face.
Just like those witches, she erased her sin.
She too used us in secret, like animals, to try and breed her race.
Thate them.
I despise them.
But I loathe the Selenias even more, for their hypocrisy and lies, for giving us hope while allowing us to be slaughtered.
At least Lucrecia showed me the monster she was from the very beginning.
Iwant to destroy this world.
I want to destroy every last one of these wretched beings.
So I fought, with all the hatred in my heart, to free myself and become their worst nightmare.
---- SILAS IN THE PRESENT, WITH SIGRID At some point, I lost consciousness.
A low growl escaped me as I pushed myself up from the hard forest floor, disoriented, my hand pressing against my temple.
I thought I had dreamed something disturbing, but I no longer remembered it.
1 looked around.
What the hel It looked like a tornado had ripped through the dark forest, uprooting trees, breaking branches, and leaving craters scattered across the ground.
T stood up, eyes wide, staring at the open horizon.
All I could see were the distant mountains, the night sky above me, and the moon...
the full moon, speckled with traces of blood.
I remembered my battle.
My hand flew to my chest, now surging with power.
I looked down in shock.
Where were my wounds, my scarred skin, my burns and marks? 1 lifted my fingers into the air and examined them, dumbfounded, my heart pounding.
I could feel itthe furious, maddening energy roaring through my veins.
Those specters obeyed my commands.
I could sense them in my ---- mind, waiting in a magical space I had created for them, lingering, ready to be summoned into battle.
1 felt no pain.
I was overflowing with magic, with strength.
My face ! Tran toward the well where those poor souls had been drowned.
Thesitated, almost afraid to hope in vain, my hands tightening over the cold stone rim.
Areflection stared back at me with euphoric eyes.
A complete man.
The man I once was.
Golden eyes, radiant.
Hair, silver like the moon, Strong, sharp features, a shadow of a beard framing my jaw, thin lips curved into a smilesomething I hadnt done in so long.
Being handsome had once been my greatest curse.
When I was ruined, I saw it as a blessing.
Until I met her.
My hand trembled as I lifted it, my bloodshot eyes studying my own skin.
It was no longer hideousnot always.
It would only turn black when I called upon my curse to see the horrors lurking in the dark.
"Sigrid," I murmured her name, and urgency filled my heart again.
Thad to find her.
###Chapter 435
---- Thad to help her.
Now more than ever, my magic and I were dying to be at her side.
Come on, show me what you can do!" I shouted, willing myself to reach De la Croixs domain in a single breath.
And it answered.
My back burned as something surged from within me, my skin twisting, reshaping.
Magic burst forth, intense and powerful, forming two massive black wings, like a raven in the night.
I spread them wide, tasting their strength, whipping up gusts of wind that sent withered leaves flying and rattled the shattered remains of the trees.
Wait for me, my love.
Im coming for you, and Ill destroy anyone who stands in your way.
T soared into the skies like a harbinger of death.
Dark mist cloaked my form, turning me into a deadly shadow rushing past, unnoticed, above the heads of those who inhabited this rotting kingdom.
A world that only escaped my wrath because she was in it.
eee SIGRID I stared at the building before me.
The lights were out, no sound of, servants or slaves moving within.
---- Night had fallen.
During the day, I had visited my old friend Grimm at the inn where Alessandre had taken him under my orders.
Before dying, he confessed what I had always knownthat he worked for Morgana.
But now, he swore his undying loyalty to me.
Idiot.
His head rolled across the floor.
1 felt sorry for the innkeeper, though.
The blood had stained his carpet.
I climbed the wide staircase and pushed open the double entrance doors.
My footsteps echoed in the seemingly empty, dimly lit hall.
Raising my hand, I sent flames toward the chandeliers anchored to the walls.
Before they could light up, the doors behind me slammed shut with a sharp bang.
I knew exactly who it was.
And I knew she was waiting for me.
"Dear Electra, did you enjoy yourself at Lucrecia Silvers party?" The voice, cold as a serpent, came from behind me.
"Oh, so you were expecting me, dear sister," I said, turning to face her, my smile dripping with sarcasm.
Our gazes locked, filled with dark intentions.
The air thickened ---- with suffocating magic.
"Why dont we drop the hypocrisy and get to what you really want to ask me, Morgana?"
###Chapter 436
---- 250.
CONFRONTATION SIGRID "] see you've grown some sharp claws to speak to me with such arrogance," she said, stepping toward me, emerging from the darkness.
What did Lucrecia Silver offer you to tempt you? Power? The throne? Don't tell me you betrayed me over a defective slave." She stopped just a few feet away, her plump face contorted with rage, barely containing herself.
It seemed they hadnt yet discovered that I was occupying her sisters body.
They only suspected a betrayal involving the Silvers.
Fine, Pll answer you.
But first, Im curiouswhy did you start suspecting me?" Tt was me," a voice behind me spoke.
Inearly laughed.
Of course, I had sensed her, and of course, she would come forward to claim the credit.
Oh, so this is a family reunion, then," I said, positioning myself between the two harpies.
"Dont be so cynical, Electra! Morgana spoiled you too much! How could you align yourself with Lucrecia Silver?!" Drusilla put on a performance, playing the devoted family member, when it was obvious she just wanted to get rid of her younger sister.
---- "The same way you deceived her with your failed pregnancies," I replied, tired of the theatrics.
"Now tell me, how did you find me out?" "T felt the connection with the baby, the one I ordered you to eliminate and who is still alive.
Dont twist things.
Morgana already knows the truth about that matter." So that was it.
How could I have overlooked it? "T started suspecting...
Why did you deceive me? What did you do with the cursed baby? I watched you, and I discovered your betrayal with the Silvers!" "Do you really believe that nonsense? You know very well shes using you to get rid of me, dont you?" I glanced at Morgana with sarcasm.
She returned my gaze, her mind full of hidden thoughts and plans.
She wasnt an idiot.
She knew exactly what Drusilla was scheming, but for now, it suited her to play along.
"Perhaps.
But Ill find out for myself.
Come with me to my mansion." 1'm not going anywhere," I said firmly.
"Pl take you by force if I have to! Dont play games with me, Electra!" The talk was over.
Her patience had run out.
She clapped her hands, and a wave of dark magic echoed through ---- the room, sending gusts of wind that made the curtains billow and the chandelier above sway dangerously.
Runes and magical threads wove between her plump fingers.
Shadows stretched and twisted from the corners of the room.
The chandelier flames flickered out, plunging us into total darkness.
But I could hear itthe scuttling of legs, the threads of magic intertwining in the shadows.
I lifted my head and saw them.
Enormous spiders.
Hunting me.
Dozens of gleaming, eerie eyes fixated on me, poised to capture or rip me apart.
A twisted laugh slipped from my lips.
"Morgana, one of your best spells, little sister.
Now I think Im actually scared...
Nah, just kidding." I provoked her, and in less than a second, I heard the screeching of those giant tarantulas leaping toward me.
I summoned Electras magic, conjured my dark daggers, and began slashing at the first ones, always aiming for their bellies, slicing their legs, stabbing their eyes, striking their weakest points.
Every time I killed one, it weakened Morgana, but no matter how many of her horrid creations I destroyed, more kept appearing.
###Chapter 437
---- At the same time, I had to avoid the sticky silk threads forming ---- deadly traps around me.
They tried to ensnare me like an insect caught ina web.
At first, they were easy to cut, but Morgana soon grew impatient and reinforced them.
In the middle of the chaos, with spiders leaping at me from every direction, the enchanted threads finally caught my arms and legs, hoisting me into the air.
My daggers clattered to the ground.
One of the creatures absorbed their magic.
Asharp sting of pain coursed through menot my own, but Electras.
She was the one truly affected by all this, not me.
"T see you've been practicing, Electra.
Such a shame you had to be such a naughty little girl.
I had so many hopes for you." She finally stepped out of the shadows.
Moonlight from the windows barely illuminated her features, surrounded by all those glowing red eyes and hairy figures.
"Now you will tell me, the hard way, everything I want to know.
What you discussed and planned with Lucrecia Silver." "Theres no need to threaten me," I said, watching her caress the head of one of those things.
Her sharp eyes locked onto me.
"['ll tell you directly.
The only thing I desire, Morgana De la Croix, is your head." ---- "You ungrateful little wretch! Ive had enough of your tantrums! Feast on her, but dont kill her...
not yet!" She roared with rage.
I guess her big-sisterly love had finally run out.
Like an avalanche, I saw them closing in on me.
Their grotesque sounds sent a shudder through me.
The silk threads that bound my hands and feet quivered wildly as they advanced along their enormous web, and I was the fly trapped in the center.
But I was no prey.
Twas the predator here.
And Morgana had made a grave mistake in turning her back on me.
"Oh, I think I forgot to mention something important," I murmured, knowing she heard me.
The first tarantula lunged at my face.
Iroared, unleashing my full Selenia power.
Awave of fire, murderous and ravenous, exploded outward, incinerating the creature instantly.
My entire body became engulfed in devouring flames, a she-wolf emerging from within, howling in liberation, wrapping my skin in amantle of blue fire.
Every thread began to burn.
---- I massacred them without mercy.
They screeched as my Selenia magic consumed them, expanding in waves of raw, untamed power.
The walls, the floor, the ceilingeverything burned and lit up, the shadows swallowed by light.
Morgana stood frozen, overwhelmed, her hand clutching her chest with a pained expression.
The violent destruction of her magic was tearing through her body.
She snapped out of it, tried to run for the exit.
Twaved my hand.
My feet touched the ground gently at last.
The doors slammed shut, trapping her inside with me.
"No one is leaving.
Didnt you want to know the truth?" I met her eyes, watching them shift from confusion to disbelief, then to nervousness and pure panic.
Phat power...
You're...
youre a Selenia...
What did you do to Electra?!"
###Chapter 438
---- 251.
DARKNESS VS.
DARKNESS, SIGRID "Dm doing the same thing you wanted to do to her, little sister.
Electra is locked up in here." I pointed to my chest theatrically.
Around us, the fire devoured everything in its path, the scorching heat making steam escape from our mouths as it illuminated our confrontation.
"What a pain to see how your favorite sister wanted to cut off your head." "T knew it! I knew Electra could never betray me!" she shouted, no longer looking as high and mighty.
"T should have suspected you were working for that damn Queen! But I know the Queen and the Princess...
which Selenia are you? Dont tell me...! Dont tell me youre Juno?!" She took a step back, clearly alarmed.
"You werent supposed to interfere in the Realms decisions anymore, you were supposed to go die in peace, you old hag!" Well, well, it seemed the first Selenia was still alive.
What a revelation.
Of course, I remembered she had supposedly been the first chosen to seal Umbros prison, so it made sense.
Juno, the current Queen, and Renata were the three existing Selenias.
It seemed Juno had retired to live a quiet lifeshe must bea dried-up old prune by now.
---- "and what if Im Juno, or Electra, or Juana? Either way, you're going to die, and Im sick of your chatter." I stepped forward, my flames renewed.
I knew she was only buying time...
time for Drusilla, who had finally stopped hiding like the coward she was.
Morgana suddenly unleashed her magic, and thousands of shadows slithered across the ground toward me, fast, nearly impossible to track with the naked eye.
Inseconds, they tangled around my feet.
She had such a habit of creating these disgusting little creatures, just like her.
Twas about to burn them to ashes when I heard the sound slicing through the airmy sword and something coming from the front.
They were both attacking at once with deadly spells, black arrows shooting straight for Electras body, which was supposedly unable to move.
I met Morganas vicious eyes, the glee in them, the maliceuntil it shifted into terror when I smiled right in her face.
Just as the arrows were about to pierce me, I manipulated her own dark magic and vanished, creating a void beneath me.
"AAAHAHHH!" Drusillas scream of agony rang out.
She had been lurking behind me, and with my sudden disappearance, Morganas attack struck her head-on.
###Chapter 439
---- I saw her clutching her chest, where the black arrows had embedded themselves.
Her eyes burned with disbelief and hatred as she stared at Morgana.
She had always despised herthe middle sister, the most scorned and humiliated.
Drusilla tried to take a step forward, hand outstretched, perhaps cursing Morgana in silence, but her body refused to obey.
I watched her fall backward, crashing through the burning curtains into the hall, the black smoke swallowing her into darkness.
I wanted to confirm her death, but I still had a problem to deal with.
I reappeared behind Morgana in an instant, dagger in hand, but she was already alert and utterly enraged.
She turned, spitting blood.
She barely dodged the cross-attack with Drusilla.
Screaming with rage and frustration, she lunged at Electras body.
"You damn wretch! I cant die without taking you with me!" she roared, rushing toward me, unleashing all her power.
Tsummoned mine.
All my dark magic.
Darkness against darknessmay the stronger one win.
see NARRATOR ---- When Silas arrived at the De la Croix estate, he felt the crackling magic in the air.
Dark clouds swirled over the vast lands of the witch family.
Strong gusts of wind battered the doors and windows of the houses The villagers ran through the streets, hurrying back to their homes.
Farmers rushed in from the fields, women secured their shelters.
The beasts in the stables neighed and kicked at their stalls, their fear palpable in the air.
The night foretold disasterbloodshed, a battle of titansand they were nothing but mere mortals.
They locked themselves in their homes, trembling under their blankets, not daring even to glance at the hill where the witches manor loomed.
But Silas was not afraid.
He walked straight into the storm, toward the ominous mansion.
His cursed eyes immediately detected the waves of energy.
Sigrid was fighting, but the Princess Selenias necklace could barely contain her power, which leaked out in flames, already consuming part of the mansion.
Silas had to act fast to protect her, to shield her, or they would soon realize a Selenia was the one fighting Morgana.
---- Watching from the shadows, another figure lurkedAlessandre.
He recognized the danger this battle posed.
He couldnt let anyone suspect the crown.
The vampire had to protect Sigrid, but even more so, Renata.
Alessandre prepared to release a barrier that Renata had set up, just in case things got out of hand.
He began tracing the runes at the outer corners of the massive mansion, but soon, a thick mist began to creep through the air.
Alessandre quickly retreated to the safety of the forest, thinking it might be a trick, a trap set by those witches.
He never expected to witness such raw dark power emanating from an elemental beingthe same one who had fought against Renata the night before.
How had he evolved so much in such a short time? That man...
was he an ally or a threat?
###Chapter 440
---- 252.
DEADLY ENTRY NARRATOR Sigrid watched as Morgana turned her back, blood flowing from the dozens of wounds covering her body.
She was ready to run, desperate to escape somewhere.
It was incredible how humiliating fear of death could be for anyone.
All the glamour, all the superioritynone of it existed in critical moments.
Morgana was more desperate than she had ever been in her life.
How could she have been so foolish, feeding a formidable enemy right under her nose? At what point had that Selenia parasitized Electras body? There was no time to figure it out now.
She needed to flee, fast, to her mansion.
She had to gather her children and escape through the portal in the secret sanctuary, where she kept her familys most powerful bookThe Book of Risorgimento.
It couldnt fall into this damn womans hands.
It held all the secrets of her ancestors, spells she herself had never even mastered.
Muttering the runes of escape, she prepared to create a portal outside Electras mansion.
She was suffocating, her voice hoarse with coughing, her skin ---- burning, on the verge of charring in the flames consuming everything around her.
Then Morgana turned swiftly, precisely, attempting to surprise Sigrid to buy herself time.
She cast a mere smoke screen, using it as a cover while she truly opened a passage to the outside.
A rift began to form out of thin air, like a jagged mouth splitting open in the very fabric of reality.
Morgana could already feel the cool night breeze on her face, smell the scent of freedom.
She only had to make it to her mansion, and she would be safe.
She moved to slip her thick body throughthere was no time to waste.
But she never imagined that instead of freedom, what greeted her was a dark, clawed hand suddenly emerging from the very portal she had created, grasping straight for her throat.
She gasped like a fish out of water, her eyes bulging with terror as she stared at the horrifying creature that had slipped in through the very exit she intended to take.
Darkness.
Only darkness, faceless and endless, with sunken red hollows where eyes should beeyes filled with nothing but hatred.
It made her tremble in sheer dread.
It was enormous, a towering shadow that reached the ceiling.
And after the first one, many more followed.
Sigrid froze, too.
She sensed the shift in space; she knew Morgana was creating a portal to flee.
---- She had already summoned a sword of fire, ready to drive it straight into Morganas back like the coward she was.
But when the smoke cleared and she saw what lay before her, even her own spirit wavered with a hint of fear.
Specters.
These were the dreaded specters of her world Only now, they looked stronger, more menacingmore lethal and bloodthirsty.
Even for her, they would be difficult to defeat, especially in the numbers that were now pouring into the mansion.
Their dark energy immediately filled every comer of the burning estate, feeding and intensifying the flames, And in the midst of all that chaos, Morgana dangled in the air, kicking wildly, struggling for breath as one of them clutched her thick throat.
Where had they come from? Had they already existed in this time? This was dangerous.
Sigrid turned her gaze to the jagged portalone that should have led into the forest.
Amidst the overwhelming darkness, something shimmered.
silver hair.
A man was stepping through the portal into the mansion.
The specters seemed to heed his command.
He was their master.
###Chapter 441
---- Her sword slipped from her trembling hand, clattering onto the floor as her mouth parted in astonishment.
Tall stature.
Broad shoulders.
Fibrous, powerful muscles.
A masculine, square, devastatingly sexy face And those golden eyespiercing, devouring her with an intensity that sent a chill down her spine.
It didnt matter that the world was crumbling around them, that just a few feet away, a woman was hanging on the verge of collapse, barely clinging to life.
For a moment, it was only the two of them.
They stared at each other, recognizing one another.
As if it were the first time, all over again.
Silas felt a nervous tension in his chest.
Now Sigrid should like him more, right? But she simply stood there, observing him, not even blinking.
He felt...
uncertain.
Sigrid was in shock.
This...
this Adonis...
was her Silas? The general features were the same, but...
how? "My lady, its...
it?s me...
Silas," he finally confirmed, his voice hoarse, barely holding back the urge to run to her, to crush her in his arms.
To tell herI became stronger for you.
I can protect you.
I can lay this world at your feet if you ask me to.
---- "silas...
what...
what happened? Why are you with the specters?" Sigrid finally snapped out of her daze, hurrying toward him.
The center of the hall was the only part left untouched by the destruction, surrounded by shadows that held back the flames, by specters waiting, watching.
Morgana, still suspended in the air like a broken doll, glared at the scene with nothing but seething resentment.
"My lady, 1..." "say my name," Sigrid demanded, examining him from every angle.
Silas was dressed in some kind of dark clothing with golden trim, and when Sigrids fingers brushed against it, it crackled with energyit was made of dark magic! She lifted her hands, pulling him down slightly to get a closer look at his faceno scars, no curses in his eyes! Her gaze traveled up to those golden orbs, and for a moment, she felt as if she were burning alive, consumed by two radiant suns.
Sigrid swallowed hard.
Damn.
No wonder that perverted Lucrecia had been so obsessed with Silas.
He had always been handsome, but now...
thisthis sharp, masculine beauty exuded danger from every angle.
Her brows furrowed slightly as she looked around, at the terrifying specters, then back at Silass chest, where she could no longer measure the power swirling within his soul.
---- A stunning, almost impossible premonition began to grow inside her heart.
"Sigrid, dont be afraid.
Dont fear me or them.
I control them, and I..." Silas lowered his face, mere inches from hers, his possessive hands settling on her narrow waist, pulling her against him.
He needed to breathe her in, to feel her magic, her presence, to slip beneath her skin and bury himself in her soul.
"I would die before I ever hurt you," he confessed.
"They look terrifying, but theyre just lost souls, like I was before I met you." "Dm not afraid of you, Silas, 1..." Sigrid hesitated, a thousand possibilities running through her mind.
She had no time to discuss this right now.
"Im just...
amazed.
Im so glad you recovered.
We'll talk later." She cupped his cheek, and Silas leaned into her touch, closing his eyes with a pleased sigh, "Do you like me?" he murmured, his mouth brushing dangerously close to hers in a seductive whisper, pressing her fully against his powerful body, his fingers stroking the back of her neck with tender affection.
Sigrids heart skipped a beat, and heat rushed to her cheeks, painting them a soft pink By the Goddess...
if resisting him had been difficult before, now, with that sinful face inches away, that low, husky, panty-melting voice...
what could she possibly deny him? ---- "Dve always liked you, Silas.
Its your essence that draws me the most," Sigrid said, pressing a hand against his chest.
"Never forget that.
Its not about how you lookits about who you are in your heart." Then, she rose on her toes and kissed him.
Soft, fleeting, but charged with emotions so deep, so intense, so ravenous.
seek Morgana thought she was going to die of a heart attack right then and there.
She was in shambles, on the brink of collapseand those bastards had the audacity to romance each other right in front of her?! "Damn them!"
###Chapter 442
---- 253.
THE NEW FEUDAL LADY NARRATOR Sigrid pulled away from her possessive tormentthey would talk laterbut the waves of malice radiating from Morgana were impossible to ignore.
"Silas, lets not forget we have an audience.
How embarrassing," she said, turning toward Morgana with a crooked smile.
Morgana trembled for a moment, the memory of this womans agonizing attacks still fresh in her mind.
Hope was slipping further and further away.
Alright, lets end this." Wait! Wait! I can offer you something in return! Just let me live! I'll leave with my children, I swear by the Goddess! The entire estate will be yours! You'll never see me again!" she suddenly screamed, dignity already discarded at her feet.
"Are you talking about The Book of Risorgimento?" Sigrid asked mockingly, watching Morganas face contort.
Did she really think she had kept it a secret? "Ican give it to you..." "My lady doesnt need anything from you.
Whatever is in this mansion already belongs to her.
May I kill her now?" Silas turned to Sigrid, his patience running thin.
Alright, this time I wont say no." Sigrid nodded, and for a ---- moment, she almost imagined a wagging tail behind the massive white-haired warrior.
Her adorable Silas.
While she was lost in such trivial thoughts, Morgana was screaming like a pig in a slaughterhouse as several specters began to close in around her.
The eerie sounds of macabre laughter and strange shrieks made her shudder.
Those eyes...
those hollow sockets were worse than those of her spiders! "NO! NO! LET ME GO! LET ME GO! ELECTRA, SAVE ME! SAVE YOUR SISTER!" she screamed, spewing incoherent curses.
She tried to summon what little magic remained within her, but the creatures were already absorbing it mercilessly, creeping under her nails, corrupting her pores, infecting the very blood in her veins.
They grabbed her by the ankles and wrists, stretching her in the air, their dark tongues slithering across her skin.
"Break her.
Slowly." Silas stepped in front of Sigrid and commanded in a vibrating voice.
Sigrid watched him amid the vortex of specters...
like aking...
The King of Specters.
Just as her heart had begun to suspect.
This was madness.
The Moon Goddess was insane.
"AAAHAAHHHH!" Morganas screams echoed through the chaos.
---- Her limbs were wrenched from the trunk of her body, joints tearing apart as they were pulled past their limits, bones snapping, skin stretching like tattered cloth.
Blood splattered across the carpet and walls.
Soon, her arms and legs were devoured by the specters, severed from the center of her writhing form, her agonized shrieks filling the hall.
She plummeted to the ground from above, writhing in a pool of blood, reduced to little more than a torso and a head.
If she had been merely an elemental, the excruciating pain alone would have already killed her.
Sigrid stepped closer, not feeling even a sliver of pity for this sadistic bitch.
My lady, dont soil your feet with her filth," Silas murmured, watching as the thick blood trickled toward Sigrids boots.
owre right.
In the end, I only need the head." Sigrid shrugged as, if they were merely discussing the weather.
Growing up surrounded by Zareks corpses, it was safe to say she wasnt the most normal person.
She summoned her flaming sword and approached Morganas final resting place.
Her chest barely rose and fell, her glassy eyes brimming with infinite hatred for her executioner.
###Chapter 443
---- "You...
wont win in the end...
damn you..." she choked out, drowning in the putrid fluids gurgling up her throat.
"What a shame you wont be around to see it." Sigrid exhaled softly, then brought her sword down, severing Morganas head in asingle, clean stroke.
It rolled to the side.
Sigrid crouched and grabbed it by the hair.
The lifeless eyes remained open, frozen in terror, death delivering the final retribution for all her sins.
A rough hand closed over Sigrids.
Pl do it.
Pll carry it." Silas whispered, taking Morganas head from her grasp.
He hated the thought of Sigrid dirtying herself.
If he could have done it alone, he would havekept her light untouched by all this filth 10 ahead.
They can devour her body and consume her magic," he said, and with a simple nod from Silas, the specters swarmed over what remained of Morgana.
As they left the hall, Sigrid waved a hand, and gusts of wind snuffed out the lingering magical flames.
Behind them, the grotesque, sickening sounds of feasting echoed through the corridors.
silas held Morganas head in one hand and wrapped the other around Sigrids waist.
---- He had no idea where they were headed, but he would follow her to the ends of the world if necessary.
"[ts just as I thought," Sigrid murmured, clearing the smoke.
Around them, the walls and ceiling were collapsing, stained black with soot and scorch marks, scars burned into the plaster.
Half of Electras mansion had been consumed by flames.
Through the shattered ceiling, the sky was visiblebut what wasnt visible was Drusillas corpse.
Not even her charred remains.
Drusilla escaped.
She was on the brink of death, but she survived, sigrid stated, staring at the floor.
The imprint of her fallen body was still there, along with a trail of bloody footprints leading away.
"My lady, I will send the specters to search for her across the entire estate if necessary, right now." Silas turned to the creatures lingering outside.
"Good.
But I doubt you'll find her.
Also, have them search for a hidden passage in Morganas library.
Thats where she would have kept the book" Sigrids request was met with a nod from Silas.
Outside, the frenzied movement began as the shadows slipped into every crevice of both the main mansion and Drusillas estate.
Most of the slaves and servants remained hidden, trembling in their barracks and servant quarters.
---- Come on, my dear Silas.
Lets put that head where it belongs." They walked toward the entrance.
The doors were destroyed, barely hanging from their hinges.
But the moment they stepped outside Selenia froze once again.
###Chapter 444
---- 254.
MY REAL NAME NARRATOR A thick black mist surrounded the entire building, like a massive domenothing could be seen beyond it.
She stretched her hand into the air, but even her own fingers disappeared into the overwhelming darkness.
She thought this must be Alessandres famous shield, meaning he had come after all.
He must have stayed hidden in the forest, watching, learning, and growing more astonished by the minute.
"T created it to protect you.
No one could sense your Selenia power.
" silas confessed, catching her off guard.
Was it really you?" "Yes.
I will always protect my lady," he declared, puffing out his chest.
"You dont need anyone else."" Sigrid smiled, her heart fluttering with warmth.
Now she understood why her mothers eyes always gleamed whenever her father displayed his possessive, caveman-like nature.
Wow, my Silas has become so capable.
So intelligent and reliable." She reached up and stroked the light stubble on his jaw, watching those golden eyes gleam with satisfaction.
And then, suddenly, his lips were on hers.
The tip of his tongue slowly, deliciously, traced her lower lip ---- before capturing it between his teeth, sucking it gently.
Desire blazed between them, their bodies remembering, their minds vibrating with echoes of the night they had shared.
"Pve been very good.
What reward will my lady give me?" Silas teased, panting against her lips, his magic slipping beneath her neckline and under her skirt like shameless hands, caressing, seeking.
Selenia wanted to tell him he didnt need to call her lady anymore.
It was obvious he wasnt her slave.
But this depraved little game...
they both loved it.
Sigrid knew he did it to show her his complete surrender.
What reward do you want?" She lifted her chin defiantly, playing the role of the wicked witch.
But when he licked his lips and gazed at hers with such scorching intensity, she nearly moaned on the spot.
Goddess...
could Electra still be in heat after all those perverted spells she stuffed into her body? "You know exactly what I want." Silas leaned in, their noses brushing.
"When this is all over, I want to make love to you again.
My soul misses you too much." What could she possibly say to such an enticing proposal? Refuse? Not a chance.
Luckily, he didnt wait for an answer.
Lifting his hand, he waved it through the air, and the misty shield ---- began to dissipate.
Massive wings unfurled behind him as he grabbed Sigrid firmly by the waist, pulling her close.
Then, he took off.
Silas soared into the sky, looking magnificent, powerfulbreathtaking.
Sigrid couldnt take her eyes off him as she clung to his body.
His magic had a spicy, intoxicating scent, tingling against her skin, calling to her own.
It was commanding, dominantnow stronger than everyet also filled with deep emotions for her.
Ear below, the citys houses passed beneath them, their rooftops mere specks from this height.
The night breeze kissed her face, her hair and clothes dancing in the wind.
Above them, the moon shone brightly, lighting their path toward the walls of the stronghold.
"Goddess, what kind of twisted game are you playing with me, with my fate?" She wondered silently, glancing at the striking man beside her.
?Save a broken, beautiful man...
and change the future? His unyielding spirit, his dark power, honed through blood and pain.
The master of specters.
His past, steeped in slavery and hatred every piece of the puzzle was falling into place.
###Chapter 445
---- But then...
how could she explain her attraction to the other slave? That was what had led her to take him as her target.
"Maybe..." Sigrid recalled the sensations from that momentthe one who seemed unsettled was Electra.
Could that slave be Electras magical mate? It seemed like the most logical explanation, though everything was still speculation.
The man Sigrid was supposed to save had, in truth, already been saved by accident.
That man...
was Silas.
Sigrid was growing more certain of it by the second.
High above the cold, towering city gates, where guards sought shelter inside their watchposts, the powerful white-haired warrior landed gracefully.
He placed his most precious treasureSigridgently at his side.
Then, he stepped toward the center of the rooftop.
Lifting his hand, he drove the severed head of Morgana onto the pike protruding from the middle of the structure.
At sunrise, the entire De la Croix estate would knowthey had a new ruler.
Sigrid stared at the rigid head, its neck sealed by coagulated blood, its horrified expression frozen in death.
---- One less bitch.
But Lucrecia Silver? She would suffer far worse.
She turned to look at these lands she never wanted.
Once she left, maybe Electra would truly claim them, or perhaps...
Drusilla would Arms wrapped around her waist, pulling her back against a strong masculine chest.
Her backside pressed against the white-haired mans groin as he enclosed her possessively, inhaling the scent of her hair, pressing a kiss to her temple.
"Im sorry, Sigrid, but that other witchthe one who attacked me she escaped.
The specters couldnt find her," he whispered, regret lacing his voice.
It didnt surprise her.
Neither did the fact that the book had vanished as well.
seek SIGRID There was a hidden room.
They found traces of her blood.
She stole that important book and then escaped through a teleportation portal inside that secret chamber," Silas explained.
"I figured as much.
Well find her eventually." "The specters have already gone hunting for her.
Dont worry," he assured me before adding "also..." He hesitated, and I braced myself for more bad news.
---- "They found the babies in their cribs.
It seems...
it seems that some of Morganas slaves, once they realized their mistress was dead, decided to take their revenge...
on them." "Isee." I closed my eyes in sorrow.
?He who lives by the sword dies by the sword? They had planned their revenge and taken it out on those children, even knowing they could be punished by their new mistress.
Though, if I had truly been the real Electra, the first thing I would have done was eliminate Morganas offspring too.
I knew I couldnt change the entire future.
Some things would find a way to happen, no matter whatlike what happened with Drusilla, even despite my intervention.
And that...
that terrified me.
Because if fate was so unyielding, could I really take him with me? That would change everything.
Everything.
"T recovered many of my memories," Silas murmured suddenly, tightening his hold around me.
"The experiments Lucrecia performed on me...
I can tell you about them later.
But I also remembered something elsesomething I want to share with you.
His lips brushed against my ear, his breath heavy against my neck, his powerful heart beating steadily against my back.
"What...
what did you remember?" I asked, almost afraid, my eyes ---- locked onto the massive moon above us.
My soul churned with emotions too complex to name.
"My real name.
The one my elemental parents gave me.
Lucrecia called me Gray because of my hair color.
[hate that name.
But after hearing it for so many years, I forgot who I truly was." He confessed, and Electras heart pounded frantically.
I clenched my sweaty palms, trying to mask my tension and nerves.
"A-And...
whats your real name?" I bit my lower lip, my eyes growing wet.
Lalready knew the answer.
Umbros," he whispered, voice thick with emotion.
"My beloved Sigrid, my real name...
is Umbros."
###Chapter 446
---- 255.
THE ULTIMATE SOLUTION SIGRID I didnt know what to say or do.
A silent tear slipped from the corner of my eye as I stared up at the sky.
How did I not see it before? Now, it felt so obvious.
The man who spoke so warmly behind me, who held me and whispered words of love in my earmy matewas the very man the world called a villain.
The most feared, the most ruthless and bloodthirsty.
It was incredible how history could be twisted by its victors.
ut you can keep calling me Silas.
Honestly, Umbros doesnt feel familiar to me anymore.
I dont like it..." "Dont say it!" I turned suddenly, pressing my hands over his mouth.
"Your name is Silas.
You are my Silas.
That nam say it ever again!" Ishouted, trying not to break, as if merely avoiding the word could erase his fatethe destruction he was meant to bring.
"Sigrid, whats wrong? Why are you crying?" He gently pulled my hand away from his lips, his face etched with deep concern.
His fingers brushed my tears away, but they wouldnt stop falling ---- Iwas drowning in the storm of my own emotions.
I threw my arms around him, holding him tight against my chest, desperate, wanting to tell him so many thingsbut how could I accuse him of a future he didnt even know? "Nothing.
Nothing...
I just suddenly felt afraid," 1 admitted, burying my face against his back, clinging to him.
I had to pull myself together.
Even if I wanted to tell him the truth, I couldnt.
Now I understood why this damn vow of silence prevented me from speaking clearly about the future or my mission here.
"Twas afraid of losing you," I continued, forcing my voice to remain steady.
"Now that youre so powerful, many women will desire you.
Maybe...
maybe you wont be satisfied with a half- blood Selenia anymore." T swallowed the lump in my throat and blurted out the first foolish excuse that came to mind.
His cold fingers lifted my chin, forcing me to look at him.
I wanted to avoid his gaze, to hidebut he wouldnt let me.
His golden eyes burned, brilliant and unwavering, I would give anything to keep them from darkening further.
He said nothing for a few seconds, simply watching my tears.
His jaw clenched, muscles tense, his magic dangerously unstable.
I didnt know if he believed me.
Silas was a very intelligent man ---- observant and perceptive.
"That will never happen.
Never." His voice was firm, unshakable.
" Iwill always be with you, Sigrid.
Always.
My body and soul belong to you.
Your mark is here..." He took my hand and placed it over his powerful heart.
Its strong, steady rhythm pounded beneath my trembling fingers.
"Its carved deep into my very being.
Dont be afraid, my Selenia.
1 will protect you.
I will protect our love." His words completely disarmed me.
Then, he lowered his head and kissed mehungry, desperate, filled with passion.
My lips trembled, the salty taste of my tears mixing between us.
This man..
This was the man who would one day break free and slaughter my entire familymy mother, my father, my grandmother, my loved ones.
Silas lifted me effortlessly and sat down on the rooftop, not asking any more questions.
The dawn was nearly upon us.
The end of this bloody night.
He stroked my waist slowly, holding me tightly against his body.
I lay curled against him, my face buried in his neck, inhaling deeply.
That intoxicating, spicy magic.
My dark temptation.
Neither of us spoke.
Each lost in our own thoughts, our own plans.
###Chapter 447
---- Thenwithout warningmy hand, hidden behind his back, summoned a sharp black dagger.
The tip hovered just inches from his spine.
A twisted, frenzied thought slashed through my mind.
"What if I ended you right here, right now? I could stop so much death.
I could save my future.
Maybe my true mission was to get close to you...
to kill you." sob NARRATOR Alessandre slipped into the inn through the corner window.
The room was dark, the lights extinguishedbut he knew she was waiting for him.
The moment he materialized, her arms wrapped around him, and he captured her lips in a searing kiss.
He took her with force, pressing her tightly against his body, devouring her like a castaway finding his salvation For her, he was willing to do anything, "You took too long.
I was about to go to the estate.
I barely managed to escape the palace, but my mother received word of trouble in the Witchs Forest and left with part of the guard." Renata confessed, panting against his lips, struggling to hold back the fire burning between them.
---- Things...
well, things went well, but something was strange." "strange?" She pulled back slightly, studying him.
Alessandre lit a candelabrum and sat with her on the bed.
They used different inns to meet in secret while they worked to resolve their complicated situation.
The more Renata listened to his story, the deeper her frown became.
That elemental had already given her a bad feeling.
And now this bombshell.
"This is definitely connected to Lucrecias experimentsthe ones that convinced your parents but that they refuse to tell you about," she said, her voice tense with concern.
"Love, that man was too powerful.
You cant even imagine.
And not just himhe was accompanied by monstrous creatures Ive never seen before.
The hatred and malice in the air...
you could feel it." Alessandres mind replayed the chilling memories.
The way that elemental had fallen from the sky.
Like a harbinger of death, How he had instantly unleashed those monstersbeasts so terrifying, even he had felt a shiver run down his spine.
And the enormous barrier that had erupted in mere seconds.
---- So much magic.
Where had it all come from? He had tried to approach the barrier, but it lashed out at him with murderous intent, forcing him to retreat.
So he had waitedwatchinguntil they finally emerged.
The mansion, untouched until then, had been completely obliterated in less than half an hour.
And in the blink of an eyeone of the most powerful witches of their time was dead.
"This is too dangerous for the crown.
If that man loses control..." Renata bit her nail, unease creeping into her voice.
###Chapter 448
---- 256.
BACK HOME NARRATOR "Tt looks like he's in love with Sigrid." "Even worse, Alessandrewe have a walking time bomb.
What will happen when she leaves for her world?" They stared at each other in silence.
The answer was obvious.
"For now, though, Sigrid has control over him, and we need more strong allies on our side.
I think the smartest move is to use him, keep him close.
That man must despise Lucrecia with every fiber of his being." Alessandre calculated his next move, and Renata did the same.
If Alessandre presented Lucrecia Silvers head to the Queenif he became the hero who defeated the witches, controlled the vampires, and swore loyalty to the crownthen they might accept him as the next King and Renatas husband.
We cant delay our plans.
Sigrid could leave at any moment.
I dont even know if she'll find the way..." "Love," Alessandre interrupted, the decision already made in his mind.
"Lucrecia invited me to one of her private parties in a few days." "Disgusting," Renata grimaced in distaste.
"Exactly.
But its our opportunity.
Ill take Sigrid and her companion.
Its all or nothing.
You need to come too, undercover.
---- We'll set a trap for her when her guard is down." "And your father? He could send reinforcements and side with Lucrecia..." "No, Renata.
Leave my father to me.
Ill handle him." His gaze left no room for argument.
Renata sighed and pressed a loving kiss along his jawline.
she knew the sacrifice her mate was makingfor her.
Alessandres father was not a good man.
But he was still his father.
And now, he had to choose.
"You wont regret it.
I promise you won't.
We'll always be together.
She whispered, straddling him, pushing him down onto the bed.
Piece by piece, she shed her clothing, and Alessandre watched, entrancedjust like the first time he had ever possessed her.
Desire blazed between them I know, my love.
I know we'll always be together." oe SILAS I remained still, gazing at the dark horizon, waiting just waiting for her decision.
I didnt know what had happened, but I never should have spoken that name.
---- I regretted it more than anything.
The moment I said it, I felt the tension coil in her body, rigid in my arms.
I tried to fix it, but it was already too late.
Her eyes...
when she turned to look at me...
something had changed between us.
I could feel it.
She has never told me about her past.
What is she doing inside that witchs body? Where is her real one? But one thing is clearSigrid doesnt belong here.
She has so many secrets.
And I dont want to ask, because I fear the answers.
Now, more than ever.
I can feel itthat the truth will separate us.
So Id rather live in this illusion.
My magic calls out to hers, reaching for her essence, trying to entwine with it.
But now...
she puts up a barrier between us.
What did I do? What did 1 do so wrong for you to suddenly reject me? T know.
I know what you're doing right now.
I know youre holding a dagger at my back, a deadly blade hovering inches from my spine.
And I just wait, staring into the distance.
Ill do whatever you want.
It will be as you wish.
Because if you leave meif you walk away from my sideI dont want to live anyway.
So do what you must.
I will never blame you.
###Chapter 449
---- "silas."" Thear her call my name and lower my gaze.
Her dark hair.
Her face, buried against my chest.
You cant even look me in the eyes.
Im tired.
Im so exhausted." She confesses, her voice hoarse, filled with sorrow.
Iwould give anything not to see her like this.
I dont know how to fix it.
The black dagger vanishes from behind me.
Then sleep.
Rest, my lady.
I will protect you.
No one will harm you.
?Least of all, me? "Good...
good," she murmurs, her trembling fist clutching at my shirt, her lashes fanning softly against my skin.
She drifts into an exhausted slumber.
Sigrid seals away her magic.
She leaves herself completely vulnerable.
Are you testing me? I could hurt you right now.
If you fear me so much...
if you fear that name...
then why do you surrender to me like this? I tighten my arms around her, but the fear never fades.
The fear of losing her forever.
Took up at the moon.
I dont believe in the Goddess they worship.
---- To me, she was the most vile and despicable being of all.
But now...
Tm not so sure anymore.
She created Lucrecia.
But she also created Sigrid.
I lower my head and stare at herobsessed.
"Dont push me away, please, my love.
I will do whatever you want.
Iwill give you my life.
But if I die...
it will be at your side." T whisper, pressing a soft kiss to her forehead.
Then, I lift her into my arms.
I've already commanded my specters to free all the slaves from their prisons.
I can feel them running, scattering into the forest.
I hope they find another life.
Though in this realm, safe havens are growing scarce.
I close my eyes, exhale deeply, leaving part of my power to guard the estate as I call the rest back to me.
Then, my massive wings unfurl.
I take flight, rising into the sky, making sure she doesnt wake.
Below, I watch the houses, the empty streets, the darkened mansion on the hill.
She will decide later if she wants to stay here.
But tonight I will make the choice for her.
I ascend higher, shielding her with my power so the cold wont touch her, so the wind won't disturb her sleep.
---- I slip between the clouds, soaring over valleys, cities, and forests.
This sensationthisthe feeling of absolute freedom and power its intoxicating.
My memories guide me.
Toward the elemental village in the mountains.
The place I was ripped away from.
My home The place I wish to live foreverwith my woman.
###Chapter 450
---- 257.
DELICIOUS AWAKENING SIGRID A low moan slipped from my slightly parted lips, heat burning through me.
Something unbearably pleasurable disrupts my sleep, a wet, delicious sensation licking between the petals of my intimacy Mmmm, I writhe in the limbo between dreams and reality.
It feels so good.
Mmm, I want more.
T moan against a soft surface, my hands clutching at something plush beneath me.
My legs spread, my ass tilts up Tlet rough hands grope and caress me, play with my clit, devour my wetness, drag me into sheer lust.
Silas, I murmur, calling his name.
A weight presses over me, my body held down, legs spread, hard muscles like steel pinning me in place, leaving me no choice but to wait and take it.
gaahh, my eyes flutter open to reality, my mouth unable to stop moaning.
In my ear, I feel his restrained growl, his ragged breaths as he thrusts into me.
Something hard and pulsing, a scorching-hot shaft pushing through my folds, the mushroomed tip piercing and stretching me open bit by bit.
---- He starts moving in and out of my pussy, sensual, smooth, deep so hot and sexy.
I feel the tightening of his powerful abs against my ass, his elbows braced beside my head, his chest trembling against my back.
Asinful mouth kisses my nape with passion, marks my shoulders, traces down my spine.
Mmmm...
so good...
Goddess, I cant stop moaning, needy, trapped beneath the body of my elemental.
Tove his possessiveness, his demanding hands, the intensity of his feelings.
silas, my Silas, mmm...
I lift my head and arch my back, drunk on lust.
I'm on a bedI dont recognize anything, only that my man is making love to me.
Sunlight filters into the room, illuminating us.
Our glistening skin, sweating, moaning, pantinghim over my back, thrusting into me, each movement faster, more urgent.
He slams into the soft sheath that welcomes his deep strokes, his thick, powerful cock fucking it fast, hard, stretching it, pleasuring it..
..
Ssshh, I want him to come hard, to fill me with his masculinity, to push him to the limits of pleasure.
The bed begins to shake, creaking as the passion turns ravenous.
Silass fingers lace with mine over the sheets, his grip tight, his ---- growl like a wolf in heat rumbling against my body.
###Chapter 451
---- We moan feverishly, the climax nearing.
I feel his heavy balls swinging, slapping with every hammering thrust.
Iwant to see him.
I need to see him.
Silas...
ah, ah, ah...
I want to see you, love, mmm, I want to see you ..
[beg breathlessly, my body rocking back and forth, driven by the relentless snap of his hips.
Suddenly, Im lifted, controlled like nothing more than a doll in his handsa doll that lives to fulfill his every fantasy.
I clutch his shoulders.
Silas holds me suspended in the air, kneeling on the mattress, my legs locked tightly around his waist, his large hands gripping my ass, his fingers sinking into the soft flesh.
Our eyes lock, our lips brush, our breath ragged Desire burns in my veins, my breasts pressed against his chest madness, lust, a whirlwind of pure depravity reflected in the depths of those stunning golden eyes.
gaahhh I scream, my eyes rolling back as he impales me to the hilt, his veined cock spearing up, striking deep against my cervix.
Like a sacrifice, my pussy stretches to the limit, forced to take him in completely.
All I can do is cling to my mate and let him claim me however he pleases sigrid...
you're mine...
my female...
you can't leave my sideI won't allow it! ahhh! I cry out, punished, rough and hard.
I bounce on his ---- cock, ride him wildly, following the force of his thrusts.
My head spins, my entire body vibrates, our magics intertwine, mergingone beginning where the other ends.
Tgrip his face and kiss him with fury, with passion.
1 bite his lips, and he sucks mine, our tongues twisting, tangling.
Beads of sweat drip and spray from our damp hair.
I pant desperately against his mouth, my eyes locked on him, obsessed.
I ride him recklessly this man is mine, fucking mine, and nothing and no one will take him from me.
How could I have ever doubted it...? silas, I love you...
[love you so much...
I always will...
always...
I confess with all my soul, my hand tangling in his hair, yanking his head back, exposing his throat.
Silas lets me.
Our passion shakes the room, filled with moans, the sharp, rhythmic pounding of the bed, the slap of skin against skin growing faster, wilder.
I ower my mouth and, right at the brink of ecstasy, sink my teeth deep into the side of his neck, breaking the skin, savoring his sweet blood.
This isnt my real body, but I want to mark him so damn badly.
I want everyone to know that this damned villain is mine, and 1ll defend him with my lifeagainst anyone, against fate, even against my own family.
His roar of release echoes in my ear, thick semen flooding the depths of this body.
I groan, coming undone ina scorching, mind- ---- shattering orgasm that devours every last shred of reason.
My pussy clenches in violent spasms, milking him, draining every last drop of his seed I'm not afraidI cast a restrictive spell just in case.
Electra wont get pregnant by Silas.
No one has that right, only my real body.
He clings to me, holding me tight, driving in to the hilt one last time, growling in satisfaction.
My lips wrap around the bite mark, my tongue laving over the deep wounds.
With love.
I dont want him to feel painonly pleasure and freedom in my arms.
We take a few moments to recover, loving each other in silence, fingers tracing over sweat-damp skin.
At last, Silas leans forward, lowering me onto the bed, his weight settling over me.
###Chapter 452
---- 258.
YOUR LAUGHTER FASCINATES ME SIGRID His delicious mouth places sensual, satisfied kisses on me in this room bathed in warm sunlight filtering through the wooden window slats.
Thavent had time to take in anythingnot with a wake-up call this passionate.
This is how I want to wake up every day of my life.
silas, I whisper against his lips.
His cock is slowly softening, but hes still inside me, drawing out breathy sighs.
The scent of raw, wild sex lingers in the air.
T suddenly glance at his neck.
Now that the haze of lust has passed, Isee the ugly bite mark.
Without the sharp canines of a she-wolf or a vampire, it must hurt him even more.
No, no...
did I hurt you? Love, Im sorry.
Tts fine, it doesnt matter.
He raises a hand to cover the wound.
You like to bite, and I like to be marked by you.
He says it as if its the most natural thing in the world, and I look into his gleaming eyes.
Silas doesnt seem to be lying.
Besides, I know that with the power he holds now, he could heal instantlybut he chooses not to Goddess...
how could I even think of doing something so horrible? ---- How could I let fear and desperation cloud my judgment? silas, I...
m sorry...
I lower my gaze, swallowing nervously.
Maybe...
maybe he figured it out.
Felt the fluctuation in my magic And if he did? No, no, no.
sigrid, I heard that Selenias have both vampire and lycan blood.
Is that true? His sudden question pulls me out of my chaotic thoughts.
Huh? Oh, yeah, yeah, we have the instincts of all three races.
But, usually, one side develops more.
Ive always been drawn to magic, Ladmit.
He just watches me, as if Im telling him something utterly fascinating, Then, without warning, he shifts, grabbing my waist and dragging me into a new position.
I try to pull away, but he dominantly pushes my ass down.
His cock is still inside me.
He lifts my leg over his hip, and I moan against his chest, feeling that hot liquid spill from my swollen petals, trickling down my thighs and onto the sheets.
So...
do you like being bitten on the nape? Like a wolfs mating mark? he continues, his voice like a spell pulling me deeper under his control.
Istare at him, hypnotized, my head resting sideways on the pillow.
He leans on one elbow, utterly relaxedhis hand under that sharp, ---- masculine jawline, so sexy, so devastatingly handsome.
His silver hair is tousled, wild and sensual, damp with sweat from making love to me.
Sunlight catches the gold in his pupils, eyes drinking me in rapturous, satisfied...
in love.
{f its you, you can bite me anywhere, my mate, the words slip from my reckless mouth without a second thought, caught in his spell of seduction.
The subtle smirk forming at the corner of his lips snaps me back to reality, and I freeze in mortified realization.
Heat rushes to my face as I process what just came out of my mouth.
{-1 mean...
well, even if I dont have my witch, sometimes I still have her instincts to bite...
I mean, damn it, my vampire, no, no, my witcmy wolf, fuck! I groan in frustration, tripping over my own words.
Then, suddenly, I hear the most beautiful sound in the world.
Silas bursts into laughter, deep and carefree.
My eyes sting.
I almost cry seeing him laugh so freely, so spontaneouslyfor the first time ever.
His laugh fills the entire room, so contagious that I smile too.
Goddess...
hes beautiful.
When he laughs, its like the entire world brightens around him are you making fun of me? I huff in mock irritation, lightly ---- smacking his shoulder.
###Chapter 453
---- He pulls me into a tight embrace, pressing me completely against his hard chest, my stomach flush against his firm abs.
His hand caresses down my spine, cradling my ass, our noses brushing in perfect intimacy.
No, Im just happy.
So happy because my woman wants to be marked, claimed.
And I'll fulfill every single one of your desires, he murmurs in a deep, husky voice, filled with sultry promises.
His words rattle me to my very core.
I feel the awakening of his arousal.
Then get ready, because Im very demanding.
You're my mate, which means you have to satisfy me, I tease, my tone bold.
Oh, I will.
Pl bury myself under your skin, into your very soul.
You never want me gone.
Silas...
You have no idea what Im willing to do to protect you, to protect us.
His voice suddenly turns serious, the lighthearted moment shifting into something heavier.
sigrid, stop looking at me like Im still that miserable slave you saved.
Ive changed.
I would walk through fire for youto be by your side.
I know you keep secrets.
I know youre not from here...
that you'll have to return to your real body...
silas, I [look at him, anxiety creeping in.
No.
He presses a finger against my lips.
---- ] dont need explanations.
Tell me what you want, and what you cant...
dont.
Just promise me two things.
Only two things, Sigrid.
Tnod, a lump forming in my throat.
First, lets find a way to stay together.
Trust me.
I have this dark power, and I can control it now.
Stop carrying everything alone.
See me as your partnerfor real.
Tnod again, my eyes stinging.
And second, and most important...
if one day I ever hurt youfor any reason I cant control...
for something unknown to me...
He trails off, and my heart stops for a second.
Then end me, Sigrid.
Without hesitation.
I would rather die by your hands than ever harm you.
And I would never blame you...
No.
Dont say that.
You won't.
You wont! I grab the back of his neck, dragging him close, furious at the world.
I won't let them take him from me.
You are mine! The Goddess created you for me! Youre innocent you've suffered so much.
Its not fair that everyone else moves on with their lives while you keep paying the price! No matter what, we will be together.
My love, I will save youI swear it.
Tcrush my lips to his.
From joy, to lust, to desperation and longingthis is how crazy our complicated love is.
Its okay.
Dont be upset, my female.
Everything will be fine.
Im ---- powerful now.
Everything will be fine, he soothes, pulling me into his embrace.
It takes all my willpower to stop him from thrusting into me again.
Even in the middle of this serious conversation, he still cant keep that cock from burying deeper inside me.
Imake my final decisionno more doubts.
Im sick of the drama, of the uncertainty.
Its time to take control of our destiny.
where are we, Silas? I ask, after nearly a minute of fondling each other.
1 finally glance around the room, curiosity settling in.
###Chapter 454
---- 259.
WHO IS THIS OLD WITCH? SIGRID The narrow black iron bed, wooden walls, the ceiling with slightly neglected beams, the old armchair by the window, and a few wooden trunks in the corner.
Everything looks worn down, brokenbut not dirty, not unpleasant.
T remembered my parents' cabin.
Last night, I brought you here.
It'sa place I've always wanted to return to, he confessed, and my heart squeezed at his words.
He hasnt outright said it, but I think his parents are dead.
Maybe they died trying to save him when he was taken.
Maybe they couldnt bear the pain of losing him.
I dont know, and I dont want to rip open those wounds.
Did you spend the whole night cleaning? If it was abandoned, where the hell did you get these sheets? I frowned, suddenly realizing something obvious.
Well...
no one was here.
I I didnt even think about it.
I just needed to rest with you.
My mind was...
troubled, he admitted, sitting up, his gaze sweeping over the details of the room.
silas, how could you think nothing would change after so long? Goddess, its obvious someone lives here...
I scrambled to get up and get dressed in a hurry.
Shit! We broke into someones home! ---- And I was moaning like a bitch in heat! All the filthy things we did in this bed! BAM! I jumped at the loud thud outside, followed by a muttered curse and the creak of the old front door opening.
Silas and I locked eyesmine panicked, his completely unfazed.
Aaahbh! I want to scream in his expressionless face! How the hell can you be so calm?! In my frantic rush to get up, I tangled myself in the sheets and nearly face-planted on the floor.
strong hands caught me by the waist.
careful.
Dont panic.
ll go out first, he murmured.
Take your time getting dressed.
Inodded like a damn chicken pecking at corn, turning just in time to watch him stand gloriously nakeda sight for my perverted eyes if I werent so anxious.
That dark mist wrapped around his body again, forming a layer of shadow-clad clothing over his skin.
Incredible.
Ive never even thought of using magic that way.
He glanced at me once moreI was clutching my breasts, my gaze flicking between him and the door, expecting someone to burst in and catch us at any second.
---- Everything will be fine.
Trust me, he reassured before stepping through the creaking old door.
I darted to the chair where all my clothes were neatly folded, quickly wiping between my legs with a handkerchief from my inner pocket.
Jumping on one foot, I shoved on my boots, dressing myself as decently as possible.
Then, my eyes landed on the bed.
Goddess.
How the hell do I hide the white stains of semen?! Theres so much of it! And the bloodstainsimpossible to clean right now! I snatched up the sheets, balling them up.
I didnt now if I should swallow them whole or shove them up my ass to hide the evidence.
My sarcastic humor wasnt helping me at all.
My eyes darted to the wooden trunkI rushed to open it.
The scent of clean clothes hit me immediately.
They looked masculine, though so worn they were barely more than rags.
I refused to dirty something clean with those filthy sheets.
With no other choice, I shoved the evidence of our very intimate activities into a half-hidden corner.
I smoothed out my skirt, fixed my hairpointless, really.
Everything was obvious.
The shame was inevitable.
###Chapter 455
---- Topened the door, stepping outside just in time to see Silass back ---- he was talking to someone.
The air was tense.
Volatile.
WHAT?! a raspy female voice shriekedlike an angry old woman.
WHAT DID YOU DO IN My BED?! GODDESS HELP ME.
I should have gone out first! Why the hell did I send Mr.
Blunt-as-a-Brick to negotiate?! 1'm so sorry, maam" I started to step forward, but Silas shoved me back.
This is my parents house.
They built it.
We dont need to ask permission.
If anything, you're the intruder.
Who let you stay here? Aaaahhh! Silas, SHUT UP! you come into my hut, screw like rabbits on my bed, and IM supposed to apologize?! the old woman raged.
You insolent brat, I'll beat you to death with my broom! EVERYONE CALM DOWN! Lets all take a deep breath! I yanked Silas back, stepping between themand almost got a face full of straw broom for my efforts.
The weapon of mass destruction stopped mid-swing.
We stared at each other.
A hunched old woman, silver-haired, dark-eyed, glowering at me.
Her gaze flicked between me and Silas, sharp and judging ---- With that broom in hand, she looked one wing flap away from taking off like a witch.
For a second, I even thought she might be some supernatural being but no, she seemed like an ordinary elemental.
alright, then.
Explain to me what a decent girl like you was doing with a perverted man in the home of an old healer! Lets hear it! No, better yet, come stand by me.
Where are your parents? Did he take you by force? Did he violate you?! WHAT?! Silas roared, the sound rattling my skull.
SHES MY WOMAN, YOU DECREPIT OLD BAT! The old lady grabbed my arm.
Silas grabbed the other.
I didnt know whether to laugh or cry.
What the hell is this these two stubborn idiots?! How the hell do I settle a fight between And WHO THE HELL is this grumpy old hag?!
###Chapter 456
---- 260.
THE NEW VAMPIRE LORD SIGRID After several rounds of clashes, things finally somewhat settled.
Silas and I made up a storywe were just a couple.
No one spoke of my true origin, and I never mentioned that I was a sorceress.
With luck, no one would recognize me.
Elementals weren't naturally attuned to sensing power in supernatural beings, which was why they were often deceived.
Turns out, the old woman was the healer of the villageanother elemental, but one who knew medicinal plants, assisted in childbirth, and had some knowledge of medicine.
Since this cabin had been abandoned for years, they let her live here she preferred the quiet, the solitude, being close to the forest.
My father...
he should be the rightful owner of this house, Silas said, standing behind me.
The old woman and I were sitting at the small wooden dining table.
You're the boy that was stolen from here, arent you? she asked, her tone calmer now.
Silas gave a rough, quiet nod.
Your father...
after they took you, and your mother died defending you...
he hanged himself, she sighed, her face troubled.
I tensed, reaching up to squeeze his hand on my shoulder.
---- t's fine.
I didnt have much hope left anyway, he murmured, intertwining our fingers.
My heart wept for him.
So much injustice.
Well then, Ill admit youre the rightful owner of this house.
Thats your room.
But I have nowhere else to live, and Im not leaving, the healer suddenly declared, completely unapologetic.
Silas and the old woman locked eyes.
I sensed another storm brewing.
Fine, fine.
We can all live together.
I blurted out the first insane thing that popped into my head.
By now, I had completely disregarded the fact that I was supposed to be playing the role of Electra De la Croix, a powerful, wicked witch who owned an entire fiefdom.
What the hell was I doing agreeing to live with a random old lady in the middle of nowhere? PII stay wherever you are, Silas said simply.
Well, looks like you two already picked your room.
Good thing I sleep in the master bedroom, the old woman muttered as she stood and shuffled toward what I assumed was the kitchen.
By the way, my name is Mérida.
You can call me Grandma Mel, like everyone else in the village, she said warmly.
and youyou call me Mrs.
Mérida, you rude brat, she added, pointing a finger at Silas with an annoyed huff.
---- Grandma Mel, his name is Silas.
And Im...
Sigrid, I introduced myself, using my real namethe only true thing about me here.
Praying she wouldnt know Electra and would believe me.
Well then, lovebirds, welcome back to Snow Lake Village.
She vanished through the doorway, her checkered dress swaying under a thick red woolen shawl.
Ttook a moment to really look at the little houseworn-out wooden rocking chairs, a soot-stained stone fireplace, a few ornamental plants, and the small wooden table where I sat.
Sunlight and the fresh forest air streamed through the open windows, filling every corner with the scent of nature.
A humble little hutyet there was something warm about it Something calming that made you want to stay forever.
Ym glad to finally have a strong man around.
My old bones cant take much more, Méridas gruff voice returned.
She reappeared holding an axe.
Go to the pen and kill a chicken.
Chop some firewoodthereIl be acold night.
The rabbits need fresh grass...
she rattled off, then scowled.
Why the hell are you still looking at me? I wont get any younger if you stare, boy! She shoved the axe into Silass hand.
He growled, but in the end, he tookit.
###Chapter 457
---- Then she kept piling on tasks, pushing him along like a strict drill sergeant.
My grumpy, silver-haired mate glared at her with icy ---- hostility.
But when he looked at me, I smiledand he relaxed alittle.
Tf you harm my woman, !ll do the same to you as Im about to do to that chicken.
Dont forget it.
His low warning made my stomach flip.
Mérida shouted after him, cursing him for being rude, for disrespecting his elders.
T laughed, but a pang of nostalgia hit my chest.
I swallowed the lump in my throat and stood, determined to keep myself busy.
How can I help? I asked when she reentered the house.
Come, come, dear, help me peel the potatoes for the stew.
I followed her into the kitchen.
small, rustic, but tidy everything in its place.
I need to put that boy to work scrubbing the potsmy hands cant handle it anymore.
Here, the potatoes are in the sack, she said, handing me a pot and a knife.
And just like that, I spent the next while peeling potatoes, listening to her elderly ramblings.
My real grandmother had looked almost exactly like my mother.
But memories of my childhood came rushing backhow I'd always sneak away from Grandmother Gabrielles magic lessons to secretly spy on Zareks experiments.
Mérida asked a few questions here and there.
---- Limprovised about where I came from, my relationship with Silas but she didnt press too much, and I was grateful.
The afternoon passed.
And for the first time since coming to this world, I felt peaceful.
Like a breakbefore the storm.
see NARRATOR Alessandre panted heavily, blood dripping from the wounds covering his body.
His chest heaved, the thick stench of death polluting the main hall.
His gaze landed on the body just a few feet awaythe man who had been his father.
And the severed head that had rolled to rest at his boots.
The sword in his hand still dripped crimson, pooling onto the stone floor.
The dimly lit hall was silent.
The Lord of Clan Vlad leader of the vampire factionwas dead.
Slain by his own son.
Alessandre reached down, gripping the long black hair of the head.
The lifeless eyes were still frozen in shocka betrayal he never saw coming.
He stepped through the thick pool of blood, staining the gray carpet as he walked down the corridorheading toward the banquet hall.
---- Screams.
Shouts.
He could hear the panic from beyond the doors.
They felt it.
The disconnection from their leader.
The guards at the entrance stood paralyzed, their eyes locked on the gruesome trophy in his hand.
open the doors.
No one moved.
T SAID OPEN THE FUCKING DOORSARE YOU DEAF?!
###Chapter 458
---- 261.
BETRAYAL PACT NARRATOR Alessandre roared at them, baring his fangs, his red pupils narrowing, exuding the intimidating aura of a powerful vampire.
At his command, the warriors snapped out of their astonishment and obeyed.
BAM! The doors were flung open, and he strode in with firm steps, unleashing all his superior power, crushing any thought of rebellion.
His mother stared at him with wide, red eyes, standing at the back of the hall near the leaders' tables.
She brought a trembling hand to her mouth, tears spilling as she saw her husband's head.
She knew.
The searing pain of losing her mate struck her all at oncebut she couldnt understand how.
He had just left to speak with their son.
Now, everything made sense.
Her heart trembled, consumed by agony and betrayal.
Alessandre didnt even glance at her as he ascended the stairs.
He turned to face the crowd dining at the banquet, long tables overflowing with exquisite delicacies and stunning elemental slaves, there to serve and be touched.
---- FROM THIS MOMENT FORWARD, THE LEADER OF THE VLAD CLAN HAS CHANGED! he roared, tossing his fathers head, which rolled down the wide aisle between the seats.
J, ALESSANDRE VLAD, AM THE NEW LORD OF THE VAMPIRIC BLOODLINE! IF ANYONE OPPOSES ME, SPEAK NOW! Silence.
Not even a fly could be heard.
No one dared to challenge him.
Alessandre had taken down his father, one of the first descendants of the original vampire, an ancient.
Everyone tacitly accepted him as their leader.
Everyoneexcept for one person.
7 stand against you! His mothers voice rang out.
He turned to face her, but a sharp slap landed across his face.
Mother...
Dont call me that! I could never have given birth to a traitor like you! she spat, hatred burning in her eyes.
How could he do this to his father? How could he leave her without her mate? This is all because of that whore, Selenia, isnt it?! she screamed, pointing at him.
Because of her, you turned your back on your family! Because of her, you'll become a dog for the Selenias! All of you! She spun toward the gathered vampires.
Tf you support him, youre supporting a lackey of the Selenias! ---- Vampires will never reach the top this way! The throne will never truly be ours! SHUT UP! Alessandres command was absolute, but she was too consumed by grief, mourning the loss of both her husband and her son.
Take her to her room and dont let her leave.
She's just in shock! he ordered the maids and guards.
They dragged her away as she cursed him.
A deep wound opened in Alessandres heart.
He knew what he was giving up for his love.
Then...
who stands with me?! he demanded, his icy gaze piercing the souls of all presenthis most loyal subjects, lords, dukes, feudal leaders of the vampire clans.
LONG LIVE THE LORD OF THE VLAD CLAN! LONG LIVE ALESSANDRE VLAD! Cheers erupted through the hall.
He had won.
He had seized control of his people.
His first decree: absolute secrecy.
He wanted Lucrecia Silver to believe that his father still served her plans.
###Chapter 459
---- Alessandre entered his room in silence and darkness.
Exhaustion weighed on him.
The ache in his chest wouldnt fade, but there was no turning back now.
---- As soon as the door shut behind him, he sensed he wasnt alone.
He turned sharply toward the figure of a woman seated in the corner armchair.
Your Majesty, what a surprise to find you in my humble abode, Alessandre immediately recognized her.
Though startled and wary of danger, he masked his unease with feigned confidence.
Congratulations to the new leader of the Vlad Clan.
The lights flared on, illuminating the piercing blue eyes of the current Selenian QueenBrianna Von Carstein.
Thank you very much, Alessandre replied, unsure of what else to say.
His senses sharpened, scanning every corner for an ambush, an attacksomething No need to be on guard.
I didnt come to settle scores with you, she assured.
But dont think I dont know you're still sneaking around with my daughter, despite my warnings.
She rose from her seat, her long black hair cascading over her white gown, nearly reaching her thighs.
She was stunning and lethally dangerous.
Your Highness...
spare me the empty words.
I came here to strike a deal.
Brianna met his gaze, sharp and calculating, a thousand hidden plans in her yee ---- Your Majesty, tell me, Alessandre braced himself for the worst.
Tell me everything you know about the supposed Selenia inhabiting the body of the sorceress Electra De la Croix.
Every.
Last.
Detail.
And forge a secret alliance with me.
Her vision in the Witchs Forest had left her shakenso much destruction, the remnants of a dark magic so potent it made the hairs on her neck stand on end.
Who had caused it? Lucrecia Silver? Morgana De la Croix? Whi Then, that witch, Drusilla De la Croix, had appeared, offering safe passage and protection in exchange for crucial informationthe truth that Morgana had been killed by Electra.
The pieces fit.
Her guards had told her that her daughter had escaped again.
She had heard that Alessandre had chosen Electra at his celebration, that she was his fiancée, and that they had vanished together after the event.
Brianna knew her daughter.
She was hiding something.
And she would never remain so calm if she believed Alessandre was involved with another woman.
Alessandre was stunned.
He never expected this proposal.
Tf you help ensure things unfold as I desire, if you truly assist in eliminating all obstacles for my daughter, if you prove your loyalty to the throneI will give you her hand in marriage and accept you as the future king.
What do you say? ---- Alessandre remained silent for a few seconds.
It was obvious the queen was using him, and that Renata wouldnt know about this arrangement.
But later, he could convince her that it had been for the best, the most strategic move.
That Selenia...
shes from the future.
Her lineage cannot die, he warned.
And she wont.
But she cant stay here either.
As you said, she belongs to the future.
She will return to her time.
There is no place for more Selenias here.
Brianna extended her hand.
Alessandre reached out as well, sealing the pact.
J accept your alliance.
I will tell you everything I knowall the plans.
I only hope you uphold your part of the bargain.
###Chapter 460
---- 262.
THE ORIGIN OF EVIL NARRATOR Js this the elemental village where you were born? Sigrid held onto her wide-brimmed straw hat to keep it from being carried away by the wind.
They had gone out after lunch with Silas to gather fresh grass for the rabbits.
Their steps led them to the edge of a beautiful hillside covered in daisies.
Below, the wooden and stone houses of the village came into view.
The creaking of carts, the clucking of chickens, and the laughter of children playing in the fields filled the air.
Yes, its just as I remember.
I never forgot it, unlike other things.
Silas gazed at the horizon with nostalgia, looking over the valley where he had been born.
His best memories...
in the darkest nights, in the most horrific tortures.
Have you been here before? he asked Sigrid.
His hand gently held hers, a bundle of herbs slung over his back, and a sickle in his other free hand.
Yes, this is where I hid the baby, remember? The baby I saved when I met you, Drusillas son.
Sigrid wondered what kind of coincidence this was.
---- Well, we can check on him later.
Silas pulled her down to sit on the stump of a freshly cut tree.
He knelt in front of her and unwrapped a raisin loaf from a clean white cloth.
That old woman was a cranky hag, but in the end, she sure could cook.
She had passed out on the armchair, snoring with her mouth open after stuffing herself at lunch.
Thank you.
Sigrid smiled, taking a piece of the bread and running her fingers through his silver hair, which swayed gently in the afternoon breeze.
He sat at her feet, on the lush green grass.
sigrid, Lucrecia found me here years ago because she had come looking for something.
Further ahead, past the lake, theres a forbidden zone.
No one dares to enter...
Silas began to explain.
The more Sigrid listened, the deeper her frown became.
It was said that when the Moon Goddess descended to experience life as an elemental, the night was plunged into complete darkness for several days.
In those shadows, devoid of light, a horrid, malevolent energy began to spread and take form.
With the absence of moonlight, that corrosive magic was born into the world, like a parasite infecting living hearts.
---- she found a way to store and control some of that energy.
She experimented by injecting it into elemental bodies.
Its...
t's what she put inside me too.
Silas confessed, his body trembling at the memory.
It hurt.
It hurt as if his veins were about to explode.
Something crawled inside him, tearing him apart from the inside, searching for an exit.
Every orifice bled, his head filled with nightmares and monsters.
Most of the elementals who died were buried in those cursed trees.
I think that same magic is what infected the forest and created what you call specters, feeding off their own hatred.
Sigrid nodded, connecting the dots Goddess, one had to be truly sadistic to experiment with things like that, especially on living beings.
###Chapter 461
---- How many elementals had died? Was Silas the only one who had managed to tame that magic? What if there were more like him? No, there shouldnt be.
There was only one Umbros.
and what was her goal with all this, Silas? { dont know exactly.
He admitted.
Every time she injected me with that black liquid, shed go mad, desperate for me to fuck her.
She would enter a frenzy of power when I...
when I came inside her...
He clenched his jaw.
Thats in ---- the past! Im telling you so you understand! Tknow, I know.
Do you think I would blame you for it? Sigrid caressed his cheek, seeing how nervous he was, as if confessing he had betrayed her.
Though deep down, a sharp sting of anger and jealousy burned in her gut.
Damn nymphomaniac witch! Silas kissed her hand tenderly.
He hated revealing all his humiliations, but Sigrid needed to know what they were up against.
also, Sigrid, I...
I dont think I age like other elementals.
I dont know exactly how long I was locked away, but I shouldnt look like this.
Silas wasnt complaining, at least it was some reward after so much suffering.
T understand.
It must be the same effect that magic has on sorcerers.
Sigrid nodded, piecing everything together.
I think Lucrecia wanted to achieve what you did, Silas.
She wanted to strengthen her dark magic, to become a superior being by mastering that powerful energy, that dark entity.
Sigrid reached her conclusion.
Only no one likes to suffer.
She would inject elementals with that energy, forcing them through the pain and agony of controlling its chaos.
And when she absorbed it through sex, she had an easier time incorporating it into her own magic.
Sigrid nearly spat to the side.
That woman disgusted her to the core seeing how much you endured, how you always gave her what she ---- wanted, how she grew stronger after every encounter with you she became obsessed with keeping you.
Sigrid muttered through gritted teeth, clenching her fists.
who knows what other horrific experiments that wretched woman has createdor what shes using to tempt the vampires.
Sigrid was seething with fury.
Things were far more serious than she had imagined.
The Goddesss little excursion had brought countless calamities, and then, to fix it, ta-da! She went and created the ultimate predators to feast on these poor elemental sheep.
tt doesnt matter.
I can absorb that dark energy, just like I did in that forest.
Dont be afraid, I'll protect you.
Sigrid looked at him, warmth flooding her gaze.
My love, I am also a powerful Selenia.
But of course, he was the almighty Umbros, the embodiment of nightmares, terror on two legs...
Only that right now, the King of the Specters was very focused on carefully cleaning ripe blackberries to feed them to his Selenia.
Sigrid smiled at him, her eyes drifting toward the peaceful village in the distance.
So many loose and dangerous threads.
They needed to take action.
They discussed everything Silas could remember that might be useful, then made their way down into the village.
---- Curious eyes watched them as they passed, but no one interfered.
Sigrid hid any traces of magic well, as did Silas.
Here, supernatural creatures werent welcome.
They knocked on the door of the house Sigrid remembered, Silass heart pounded wildly.
If he wasnt mistaken, this was where his maternal uncles lived.
yes? The woman holding a baby in her arms froze at the sight of him standing at her doorstep.
It didnt matter if a thousand years passed she would recognize her sisters features in her nephews face.
Umbros! she gasped, tears spilling as she lunged forward to embrace him, barely managing to hold onto the baby.
###Chapter 462
---- 263.
MIRACLES DO EXIST NARRATOR Silas froze.
He wasnt fond of physical contact unless it was with Sigrid, but he endured the embrace stoically and didnt act rudely.
Despite the awkward moments, that afternoon, Silas reclaimed a small piece of his family.
Still, deep inside, the only family he truly acknowledged was the woman by his side.
All the love in his heart was for her.
Everything else had withered away.
Seizing a moment alone while his aunt dragged Sigrid to the kitchen to help with the afternoon tea, Silas approached the baby in the crib.
The dark tattoos no longer stayed confined to the child's face they were creeping, slowly consuming his tiny body.
Silas extended two fingers, placing them on the babys forehead.
Instantly, the dark magic writhed, resisting, fighting against being expelled The baby let out acry of pain.
That malignant energy refused to leave, but Silass power commanded it to obey a new master.
Sigrid cast an illusion to deceive the aunt so she wouldnt hear the childs cries.
She could feel exactly what her mate was doing.
At last, a bubbling black mist oozed from the babys forehead, ---- hesitating before being absorbed beneath Silass nails.
Within his body, the energy was no longer a threat.
The baby immediately stopped crying and drifted into the deepest sleep he had known since birth.
The dark tattoos faded away, leaving only smooth, rosy skin behind.
This child was no longer cursed with dark magic.
He would live a long life, just like any other elemental.
We're leaving, Thank you.
But...
wait! I made cookies and tea...! Your uncle hasnt even returned from the fields yet! The woman called after them as she watched them leave so abruptly.
She had wanted more time with the nephew she had miraculously recovered, to talk, to let her husband see that he was alive and well.
We'll visit another day! Sigrid waved as she was dragged down the street by her rude silver-haired companion.
His social skills were a disaster, but this time, she understood why he did it.
When his aunt closed the doorhesitant, saddenedshe stepped toward the crib to check on the baby.
The poor thing was always restless, but now, he had been quiet for a while.
CRACK! The tray fell to the floor, sending everything scattering across the rug.
---- She clapped her hands over her mouth to keep from screaming, tears spilling as she stared at the now-healed babya miracle.
And she knew very well where that miracle had come from.
Still, just as she had protected this child in silence, she would protect her nephew as well, no matter what he was.
see Were you able to cure him? Sigrid asked eagerly as they climbed the hillside.
Tf I say yes, do I get a reward? Silas leaned toward her, amusement dancing in his eyes.
Rewards, rewards! You only know how to ask and ask! Where's my quiet, serious slave? Ive been swindled! She laughed and playfully threw acorns at him.
Silas dodged her attacks, grinning, before grabbing her and pulling her against him, pressing a kiss to her lips beneath the golden aftemoon sunwarm, beautiful, free.
Lets hurry back before Grandma Mel wakes up.
Sigrid kissed his nose, staring at him in fascination as he practically glowed with light.
That old witch.
She wanted me to sleep in the barn, away from you.
Shes insane.
Silas huffed, hauling the bundle of herbs over his back and carrying his Selenia in his armsrefusing to set her down.
Sigrid rested her head on his shoulder.
She knew this happiness wouldnt last forever.
###Chapter 463
---- That night, they snuck away to visit their abandoned estate.
She needed to appoint an administrator for the landssomeone had to manage its affairs.
Transforming into mist, they traveled swiftly, covering miles upon miles until they reached the old, darkened mansion.
There were no slaves, no servants.
They had all fled.
The place was decrepit, half- burned, in ruins.
The city itself was chaotic, directionless.
As soon as they set foot at the entrance, someone was waiting for them.
Alessandre.
Sigrid turned to face the dark silhouette that emerged into the light.
Miss Sigrid...
and your companion.
His name is Silas.
Sigrid corrected him sharply.
She didnt know why, but something about these distant relatives didnt sit right with her.
Very well.
I was expecting youto give you this and to congratulate you on taking control of the estate.
He handed her an invitation.
Sigrid took the envelope, trimmed with gold.
It was an invitation to a gathering with Lucreciaher chance to infiltrate and get close to the hyena.
Tomorrow, we'll be waiting at the Soul Village Inn, five kilometers north of here.
Renata and I will be there to plan our ---- next steps.
Sigrid nodded.
Your parents? Tve taken care of them.
Im the new head of the Vlad Clan.
He assured her.
Alessandres gaze occasionally flicked toward the silent man standing at Sigrids side.
If he hadnt seen it with his own eyes, he wouldnt have imagined the level of danger this elemental posedor how lethal he truly was.
alright, congratulations, I suppose.
We'll see you tomorrow at whatever time you specify.
After exchanging a few more words, Alessandre took his leave, eager to escape the suffocating place.
Do you trust them? Silas asked beside her.
No, no, my dear Silas.
I only trust you.
Sigrid assured him, and she wasnt lying.
go, always back to back, watching out for each other.
She looked at him, and he nodded, silently vowing to protect her with his life.
Sigrid knew the truth.
Everyone had their own schemes and hidden agendas in this war.
They were all just pawns in someone elses game.
---- see A few days later, Alessandre Vlad stepped out of his carriage and extended his hand behind him.
A stunning woman with short black hair, emerald-green eyes, dressed in striking elegance and sensuality, wearing a black mask over her face, reached out her gloved hand to take his.
Murmurs rippled through the mansions garden as Alessandre walked in with Electra De La Croix.
It seemed things between them were getting serious.
That sorceress was no longer just anyone.
Her battle against Morgana and the seizure of the estate had caused an uproar.
As they entered the lair of the viperLucreciano one noticed the silent figure tailing them.
A tall man, his face obscured by an ebony mask, with dark hair and black eyes like the night itself.
Sigrid was worried about Silass reaction upon seeing Lucrecia up close.
And Silas...
Silas was glaring murderously at the vampires hand gripping his womans Tonight, a witch would lose her head, and a vampire would leave without a hand.
###Chapter 464
---- 264.
FURTIVE ENCOUNTERS IN THE LABYRINTH NARRATOR Sigrid was incredibly tense, not because of the life-or-death battle ahead, but because she was worried about Silass emotions and murderous impulses.
Lucrecia couldnt discover his power.
Silas himselfand his condition as a Seleniawere their greatest secret advantages.
The prelude to the party unfolded in the vast garden and open halls, adorned with lanterns and dim lights, where guests toasted, chatted, and exchanged suggestive glances.
Everyone was masked.
Some concealed their identities even more thoroughly.
They had come here with a purpose.
Accepting the invitation meant they were willing to spend an evening indulging in sex and orgies.
This was only the warm-up.
The real festivities would take place later inside the mansion, in the underground levels.
Or perhaps Lucrecia had something even more novel and thrilling prepared.
"We need to find away for her to invite us to play with her in private.
Its our best chance to separate her from her guards and security," Alessandre whispered to Sigrid, who scanned the ---- surroundings through the slits of her mask.
she nodded, considering how to lure the fly into her web.
So many people were here...
She imagined something more private.
This society of supernaturals was completely rotten.
"And dont drink too much; all the beverages contain aphrodisiacs and stimulants." and you're telling me this now?" Sigrid pulled the glass away from her lips, slightly annoyed.
She should have known nothing here would be normal.
"and also..." "Now what?" She turned to give him a raised-brow glance.
This party came with every kind of warning.
"Control your man, because I can practically feel a knife slicing my neck." He gave her a sarcastic look.
It was hard not to sense danger when waves of murderous intent radiated the moment he got within a few inches of Sigrid.
He understood.
He didnt like any man approaching Renata, but he couldnt imagine how he would fake composure in front of Lucrecia.
Sigrid sighed and stepped away to talk to Silas.
Js this how you plan to act in front of her? Silas, we're going to ---- get caught before we even start.
She sighed, raising a hand to fix his slightly crooked mask.
###Chapter 465
---- Silas turned his face to the side, his cold lips pressing a kiss against the inside of her wrist.
"I dont care about that woman.
Honestly, now that shes this close, I thought it would be unbearable, but...
shes simply irrelevant.
Shes going to die today, no matter what." He stated coldly, opening his dark, disguised eyes and staring straight at Sigrid, just as intense as ever.
But we have to play it smart, Silas.
This is just an act, you know that, right? Alessandre has his partner, and I have mine.
And thats sya Sigrid said, opening the large black feathered fan she held in her hand, covering both their faces.
She stood on her toes and kissed him on the lips, shielding them from prying eyes.
This scene wasnt scandalous at allfar worse things were already happening among the shadows of the hedges and cypress trees.
Nor was it shocking that Alessandre, supposedly her fiancé, was just a few meters away, drinking and talking to others, even groping a slave beside him.
Exclusivity wasnt practiced here.
It was normal for couples to share slavesand even non-slaves.
"Good evening, gentlemen, Welcome to my humble gathering.
I hope everyone finds exactly what they came for." ---- Lucrecias melodic voice suddenly rang out.
Everyone turned to see her standing on the terrace, descending the wide marble staircase into the garden.
Dressed splendidly, she was beautifulthe beauty of a ripe apple, tempting and luscious, yet rotten with worms inside.
"The first event will be called Secret Encounters in the Labyrinth, " she announced mysteriously, followed by lewd, lustful giggles.
"There will be little surprises left throughout, and of course, the chance to be my special guest.
Entertain me, and may the best win! "What the hell does that mean?" Sigrid whispered, bile rising in her throat.
"She loves to watch," Silas murmured, his eyes fixed on the staircase.
Sigrid immediately moved in front of his gaze, grasping his chin.
Eyes on me, always on me.
Dont let it get to you.
Stay calm." She always feared Silass reaction, no matter how many times he assured her he was fine.
Especially when she glanced among the guests and saw Lucrecia weaving her way through the crowdheading straight for them.
"as long as youre by my side, I can face anything." Silas responded in a low, rough voice.
---- He didnt just say it for show.
Of course, he hated Lucrecia.
His hatred was visceral, so deep it had numbed even his soul.
But he was no longer the weak slave she had violated and defiled.
He was powerful, and when you were at the top, you could look down on others like ants.
In his mind, that woman was already dead.
Well, Alessandre, Im so glad you finally accepted one of my invitations." Sigrid tensed at the sound of that witchs voice, just steps away.
It was my new fiancées idea, dear.
Come, greet our hostess." Alessandre called her over.
Sigrid glanced sideways at Silas, took a long breath, and turned.
She walked toward them, fully embodying her role as Electra De La croix.
"Lucrecia." She nodded coldly.
The best part of this was that the real Electra despised her too.
"Darling, you never cease to surprise me.
You kept that overwhelming power of yours so well hidden.
Congratulations to the new feudal lady." Lucrecia said with mockery, though her eyes flickedjust for a secondto the figure behind Sigrid She masked it immediately, but Sigrid had caught the glimmer of interest on her face.
###Chapter 466
---- She only hoped their disguise held up and that Silas wasnt shooting her one of his murderous glares.
Hows it going with the slave from the auction? Sigrid asked suddenly, aiming to divert her attention.
Oh, the one you were interested in...
Well, you're in luck.
Hes one of the prizes in the labyrinth.
So, if youre lucky, you might just find him, Lucrecia replied.
Yet, her gaze kept drifting back to the slave behind Electra.
She had never seen him with her before.
He seemed newand she found herself deeply attracted to him.
There was something rebellious about that man, something that felt too familiar.
Or perhaps it was just her longing for a male who could truly give her what she liked.
In fact, if you're so interested in my slave, I can give you a little help in the labyrinth.
A small favor.
In return, I expect the same courtesy, she said, now openly eyeing Silas, who kept his head lowered like any other common slave.
But in reality, he was just keeping her from seeing the sheer murderous rage in his eyes.
We'll see, Sigrid replied through clenched teeth.
That wretched bitch better not think shed get to lay a single finger on her man.
Well, well, whats this, ladies? Am I invisible or what? Alessandre chimed in with mock indignation.
Lucrecia, stop tempting my fiancée.
---- He spoke in a lighthearted tone, trying to ease the suffocating tension in the air.
Oh, you can join in too, dont be shy.
I have some exquisite slaves, Lucrecia teased, winking at him.
Ill go get the event organized.
See you later.
They watched as she moved back into the crowd.
Looks like no matter how he appears, your mans temperament is what draws Lucrecia in.
Youve caught her attention, Alessandre said, taking a sip from his glass.
Filthy bitch, Sigrid muttered, itching to claw Lucrecias eyes out right then and there.
Oh, but she would.
Of course, she would.
Tm ready to get a lot more of her attention.
Remember, the goal is to get her to invite us to fuck her tonight, in a private setting where we can strike.
Alessandre nodded, and they continued their charade pretending, playing the part.
Sigrid dodging the constant indecent proposals thrown her way.
Silas, like an unleashed beast at her back, barely keeping his rage and foul mood in check.
At midnight, a piercing sound rang through the air, like a cannon blast.
Lights burst into the sky.
---- And with that, the Secret Encounters in the Labyrinth had begun.
They walked through the forest surrounding the garden.
In the thrilling darkness, whispers and mischievous giggles set the stage for depravity.
Sigrid arrived at one of the many entrances to the colossal labyrinth, with Silas and Alessandre by her side.
The towering hedges stretched on for miles and miles.
White mist swirled at their feet, the nights chill creeping in as the moon loomed above.
READY FOR THE EVENT IN 1...
2...! Good luck.
You know what to do.
Alessandre told Sigrid.
She nodded.
3! BOOM! BOOM! BOOM! More shots echoed through the air, fireworks of multicolored light bursting above them, Sigrid grabbed her silver-hairednow dark-hairedmate by the hand and disappeared into the shadows of the unknown.
The hunt had begun.
###Chapter 467
---- 265.
YOU REMIND ME SO MUCH OF GRAY NARRATOR Lucrecia searched everywhere for a trace, playful insinuations at every corner.
She had come across couples, trios, quartets, and even quintets sprawled on the grass, against the hedges of the labyrinth, over benches.
Inside this vast garden structure, there were also small courtyards, fountains, benches, and secluded spots designed purely for pleasure.
She loved losing herself in this maze of green leaves, but tonight, nothing seemed to tempt her.
Those eyes...
she couldnt get those black eyes out of her mind.
That slave had lifted his head for just a second, only a second, and that lethal gazeGoddessit reminded her so much of her Gray.
There was something strange about him.
she couldnt quite place it, but she needed to see him again.
Where had that prude, Electra, gotten such a specimen? And he seemed so well-trained.
Electra...
that whore...
was becoming a serious problem.
Far too powerful for her liking.
Not even Morgana had unsettled her this much.
But maybe this was also her chance to tempt her, to trick her into ---- joining her side.
Morgana had never accepted an alliance with her, but perhaps Electra was smarter...
or dumber.
um 0 good...
Suddenly, moans echoed from up ahead.
She sank into the labyrinths shadows, masking her aura as she crept closer to a small garden.
Lucrecia stopped at the corner, hidden, just watching.
And what she saw sent a shiver straight through her core.
Electra sat on the thick edge of a marble fountain, her back to Lucrecia.
The enormous statue of a naked woman gleamed under the moonlight, streams of water cascading from its heights.
The sorceresss dress was bunched up, exposing her pale thighs adorned with delicate black lace garters.
She writhed and moaned with every forceful thrust of the man in front of her.
That impetuous slave He must have been fucking her under her dressthe way Electra moaned and he panted with his face buried in her neck.
The suggestive movements, their pleasure-drenched, sweat- slicked bodies, the raw lust and filth...
His strong fingers dug into the flesh of her thighs as he shoved her ---- against his cock with dominance.
The obscene sounds only grew louder.
Goddess, he must be good if Electra couldnt even stay quiet for a second.
She was clearly enjoying herself too much, letting herself be ridden like a desperate bitch by that stallion.
Lucrecia lowered her hand between her legs.
Her fingers pressed against her clit through the layers of silk.
She bit down on her lower lip to keep from moaning aloud.
She loved voyeurism, and this scene was driving her wild, even though she had seen much bolder and more exhibitionist displays.
In truth, her mind filled in the details she couldnt see clearly.
She wanted to see him.
She needed to see that mans face.
She imagined herself in Electras place, spread open on that fountain, taking in that scorching-hot cock Ithad to be bigyes, yes, thick and veiny, deliciously red...
Mmm...
yes, give it to me, slave, fuck your mistress...
my Gray...
His name, as always, surfaced in her mind while her hand moved hungrily between her folds, the other squeezing her breast tightly.
###Chapter 468
---- Then, in the midst of her fevered arousal, in the middle of her filthy fantasies, the man pleasuring the other sorceressthe one she now desiredlifted his head just slightly over Electras ---- shoulder and looked straight into the darkness.
Lucrecia froze.
Her hands stopped their sinful movements, her eyes widened, her brain twisting cruel tricks on her.
No...
it couldnt be.
The hair...
it was changing, shifting to platinum.
And those eyes...
through the dark ebony mask...
Those golden eyes, bright as twin suns, stared back at her with the same rage and visceral hatred they had always held.
Gray? she murmured in shock, instinctively stepping forward.
Oh, well, looks like you beat me to it.
suddenly, a hand gripped her waist, and a voice made her spin around, her nerves on edge.
Alessandre? she asked, still disoriented.
Were you expecting someone else? Alessandre replied, hidden in the shadows as well.
Lucrecia didnt answer.
She turned back toward the fountain.
Now, Electra was pulling her sleeves back over her shoulders and smoothing out her skirt.
Her sharp eyes zeroed in on the slave.
She had seen it.
She knew what she had seen.
But now, that same man looked utterly insignificantdark- haired, black-eyed, the same unremarkable slave as always.
---- Was she imagining things because she missed Gray so much? Oh my, how embarrassing.
I thought it was Alessandre watching us.
I didnt realize it was you.
Did you like what you saw? Sigrid stepped closer, fully embodying her role as the shameless Electra.
Z...
Lucrecia couldnt stop staring at Silas, who now stood silently behind his mistress, head lowered once again Yes, I must admit, I liked it a lot.
Like the cold serpent she was, she quickly regained control of her emotions.
She had made up her mind.
That slave would be herswhether he wanted it or not.
In fact, her plans for Electra De La Croix had changed.
She would take her territory.
Now, she only had to defeat one witch.
So, what do you say? Should we play together tonight? She stepped forward, completely invading Sigrids personal space, who barely managed to suppress her disgust.
Lucrecias hand slid delicately over the curve of her pale breasts, just above the neckline, her touch suggestive But all her senses were on the slave behind her.
Mmm...
she could even smell the spicy scent of sex on them.
She needed to satisfy every single one of her desires.
This man...
---- why did he remind her so much of Gray? If she hadnt been the one to personally shove his half-dead body into that tree, she would swear it was him.
###Chapter 469
---- 266.
IN THE WITCH'S LAIR NARRATOR Sigrid felt a movement behind her and subtly reached back to grip silass clothing.
The message was clear: ?Calm down, I can handle this? But I thought there were more events.
The others will be very disappointed, Sigrid responded neutrally.
Fuck them.
Come, come with me, lets go to my sanctuary, Lucrecia invited, far too enthusiastic.
She was about to extend her claws to grab Silas by the arm, but Alessandre was quicker, wrapping his arm around her waist and pulling her away.
Tell me, what exactly were you using to tempt my parents? Im so tired of you never considering me, the vampire began his superficial chatter, skillfully aiding Sigrid.
It was beyond obviousthe raw lust in Lucrecias eyes whenever she looked at Silas, an obsession that went far beyond even his perfect disguise.
Through the dark corridors, the night breeze rustling the leaves, muffled moans in every corner, and soft feminine giggles, Lucrecia led them deeper into the labyrinth.
Silas stayed right behind Sigrid, his hand resting against the small of her back.
---- Inreality, they had only pretended back at the fountain, but despite the extreme situation and all the danger, the friction between them had left them both undeniably heated Wet panties and a painfully hard erection.
The cold wind sobered them up, bringing Silass body back under control.
Here we are.
Im taking you to a very special placeone that only a few of my guests have ever had the pleasure of seeing, Lucrecia announced, standing beneath a massive statue of two lovers entwined, half-naked under the moonlight.
At the heart of the labyrinth was a clearing.
The ground, paved with aged stones, had moss clinging to the cracks between them.
Luerecia, her expression mysterious, made a small cut on her finger and reached up, slipping her hand beneath the stiff marble cloth that covered the male statues member.
Goddess, even a simple access rune had to turn into something perverted with this woman, Sigrid thought, clenching her teeth as she watched Lucrecia lick the blood from her finger with obscene pleasure, all while keeping her eyes fixed on Silas.
Just take us to your trap already, you wretched witch.
Im dying to tear you apart! Sigrid was seething, barely masking her fury.
The sound of a hidden mechanism disrupted the silence of the ---- labyrinth.
The ground trembled, and within moments, the stone beneath them began to sink.
The circular platform around the statue groaned as it slowly descended, taking them down into the depths of the earth.
J dont even know why Im surprised anymore.
You get more creative every day, Lucrecia, Alessandre scoffed, eyeing the underground passage that stretched out before them.
Copper candelabras hung from the walls, casting a dim glow from their magically flickering flames.
You're...
different tonight.
I must say, teaming up with Electra has done you some good, Lucrecia murmured, slipping her arm through Alessandres as she led them through her lair.
She had noticed something Electra was a little too possessive of her slave.
In fact, she hadnt even seen her approach Alessandre once.
Something here didnt smell right.
Sigrid followed them, her silent shadow at her back.
Silas could feel the darkness slithering all around them, dark magic saturating the air.
He could see figures shifting within the walls.
Not as powerful as his specters, but he could tell these were likely Lucrecias own twisted creations, the result of her experiments.
###Chapter 470
---- Welcome to my sanctuary of pleasure! Make yourselves ---- comfortable, she announced as the tunnel opened into a lavish chamber.
Golden and black feathered cushions were scattered across the floor, plush divans lined with silver trays overflowing with exotic fruits and delicacies.
At the center of the room, a low pool shimmered invitingly, its water reflecting the illusion of the night sky.
Sigrid glanced up, observing the domed ceiling supported by towering golden columns.
Despite being underground, it projected a perfect view of the starry sky above.
Lucrecia clapped twice, and slaves began emerging from behind heavy burgundy curtains.
She shed part of her attireremoving her ornamental cloak, slipping off her lace glovesthen suggestively loosened the neckline of her dress, exposing the swell of her breasts.
Everything seemed casual as she reclined luxuriously on the cushions, hiking up her skirt to reveal toned, shapely thighs.
But her true intentions were clear.
She wanted Electras slave.
Come now, dont just stand there all stiff...
Then, just as Alessandre moved to sit beside her, she halted him with a raised hand.
No, no, Im sorry, Alessandre, but tonight, I feel like being next to Electra.
---- Sigrid didnt know what this viper was up to.
She glanced around subtly, feeling as though countless unseen eyes were watching her from the shadows.
The malevolence creeping behind the walls...
What was that? More specters? Had Lucrecia managed to create them too through her twisted experiments? Reluctantly, she lowered herself onto the cushions beside Lucrecia.
Come closer, dear, I dont bite.
She smiled, dripping with false sweetness.
J know weve had our little disagreements.
Youre not still upset about Alessandres party, are you? Qh, you mean the part where you ordered that witch to have me murdered? Nooo, of course not, Sigrid replied with biting sarcasm, shifting beside her, not trusting her in the slightest.
Well, then, I'll make sure to apologize properly tonight, Lucrecia whispered close to her ear.
Behind them, Silas was losing what little patience he had left.
If they were already here, they might as well destroy everything now.
But Sigrid had insisted on saving that auctioned slave first.
For some reason she hadnt fully explained, but as always, he ---- swallowed his rage and followed her lead.
Soon after, at Lucrecias command, wine was brought in, along with trays of fresh fruits.
At the back of the chamber, the crimson curtains parted.
Two male slaves and one female stepped onto a small stage draped in red velvet.
With a mere nod from Lucrecia, they began their performance
###Chapter 471
---- 267.
TRAP VS TRAP NARRATOR Goddes: Sigrid was disgusted.
Under different circumstancesif the participants were willing this might have been arousing.
But like this, it was just revolting.
The two male slaves groped the woman between them, their hands slipping between her legs, squeezing and sucking on her breasts.
Soon, she was kneeling between them, her mouth and hands working their lengths.
Beside her, Lucrecia looked quite entertained.
Sigrid scanned the room, searching for the slave she was looking for.
Just to be sureshe didnt want to make a mistake.
She was 99% certain that the one she needed to save was Umbros, but that lingering 1% remained focused on a certain slave who stirred something deep in her chest.
She needed confirmation.
As the moans grew louder and the pale-skinned, full-breasted brunette climbed on top of one of the reclining slaves, riding him while sucking off the other standing beside her, Sigrid let out an exaggerated yawn.
Her message couldnt have been clearer: I want to get the hell out of here.
---- The mere thought of Silas being forced to perform these kinds of acts for perverts like these in the past made her stomach turn.
T see this isnt quite what youre looking for, Lucrecias sultry voice suddenly whispered in her ear, her hand sliding over Sigrids thigh.
phat slave you want is somewhere much more...
private.
And I think you already realize that I really want to fuck your slave.
So, what do you say? How about we enjoy ourselves alonewithout your dear fiancé in the way? Sigrid shuddered, and not from pleasure, when those plump lips pressed against her cheek, dangerously close to the corner of her mouth.
She felt the murderous wave of rage from Silas, instantly shutting it down.
That sounds perfect, she replied instantly, luring Lucrecia in.
Finally.
Silas wouldnt last another second in this room.
yell then, Alessandre, take whatever you like.
I'll be taking Electra to see my collection of...
toys.
Lucrecia stood up as if nothing had happened.
The vampire agreed, appearing indifferent, though he cast Sigrid one last serious look.
Silas followed behind them, a messenger of death.
Everything was going exactly as planned.
Sigrid and Silas would take care of Lucrecia.
---- Alessandre, along with Renata, would block any counterattacks here, while the royal guards and their vampires secured the entrance to this underground chamber if Lucrecia called for her security.
Their forces were stationed along the edges of the property, waiting only for the Queens signal to strike the mansion.
Tonight, the House of Silver and its allies would be wiped out finally eliminating this threat to the crown.
The most dangerous Silver of them all was now leading Sigrid straight into a trap...
Without realizing she was walking into one herself.
Lucrecia was practically dripping with anticipation.
She couldnt wait to wring that idiot Electras neck, claim her estate, and take her scorching-hot slave for herself.
But something still nagged at herher suspicions were growing stronger by the second.
She reached a massive iron door at the end of the corridor, opening it and stepping inside, inviting them in before sealing the trap behind them.
They werent leaving unless she wanted them to.
Here we are.
This is it, darling.
She gestured toward the back of the dimly lit roomwhere a bed stood.
Everything inside Sigrid twisted.
There he was.
###Chapter 472
---- The poor young man lay on the enormous bed like a sacrificial Jamb, his wrists shackled to the headboard with enchanted chains, his ankles bound with heavy cuffs locked into iron rings on the floor.
His red eyes met hersfilled with terror.
He knew more humiliation and torment awaited him.
That dark energy slithered through his veins, corroding him like acid.
The gag in his mouth kept him from screaming his desperate cries.
He was completely naked, his cock erect from the forced stimulants in his system.
You can do whatever you want with him.
Hes all yours.
And in exchange...
Lucrecia finally turned to Silas, lust pouring from her every pore.
She didnt care about giving Electra one last indulgence if she was going to die anyway.
Meanwhile, she would feast on her new slave.
] get to enjoy your dark-haired beauty.
She circled Silas, her sharp nails barely brushing over the hard planes of his chest.
She leaned in, inhaling his scent like a woman starved.
Even his smell was similar.
Exquisite.
Her mind spun with pure, reckless lust, clouding every ounce of caution she once had blinding her to the important details she had never overlooked before.
---- And what if the slave really was Gray? What if it wasnt just an illusion? What if Electra had somehow rescued him and was hiding him? What if they were plotting something? She was a powerful witch.
Lucrecia had no fear of themnot anymore.
Not with the power she had accumulated.
She would take back what was hers.
As she reached down to confirm whether or not that thick, pulsing cock was the one she knew so well, Silass hand snapped up gripping her wrist so viciously she swore he almost shattered the bone.
How dare you touch me without my permission?! Let go of me! She struggled to break free, but Silass grip only tightened, pure hatred pouring from him, pulsing in his veins.
Looks like Electra hasnt trained you well enough! Ill show you what it means to obey your mistress! She raised her free hand, electric magic crackling at her fingertips.
The charge sizzled in the air.
Silass pupils contracted.
He knew that spell.
Lucrecia lifted her hand with rage and arousal, her mind screaming Defy me! Defy me more, just like before! Im more certain than ever that its you! But before she could strike Someone caught her wrist mid-air.
---- I trained him far better than his old mistress ever did.
That venomous voice whispered right into her ear.
Electra.
And Lucrecia knew the game was over.
Flames erupted from Sigrids hand, scorching the witchs skin, a powerful blast of Selenias fire surging out with an explosive force.
###Chapter 473
---- 268, THE KING OF THE SPECTERS NARRATOR In Silas's free hand, a lethal black dagger materialized, immediately aiming for Lucrecia's throat.
Both attacked at the same time, taking advantage of the element of surprise and their close proximity.
Only, it wouldn't be that easy.
The dagger and the devouring flames were suddenly swallowed by a dark mist.
Lucrecia's body vanished into nothingness, floating with black magic before reappearing a few meters away.
For a second, the three of them locked eyes.
"Who the hell are you?!" Lucrecia roared, scrutinizing Sigrid intently.
She hadn't seen this coming.
It couldn't be...
Was that the power of a Selenia inside Electra? That doesn't matter.
What matters is that you're going to die." Sigrid wasn't up for any more talking she summoned a sharp sword engulfed in bright blue flames and lunged at Lucrecia, who responded by conjuring her own fire- element sword They began to fight in the spacious room, tearing apart the ---- furniture, exchanging every strike, every block, every assault with hatred.
Whoever this Selenia was, she fought fiercely.
No one had ever faced Lucrecia like this in hand-to-hand combat.
The combined attacks of kicks and punches, the swift and aggressive responses, reminded her of the fighting style of the Lycans.
Silas stood by, watching every direction, ready to intercept any sneaky attack against Sigrid.
He knew Lucrecia was a snake.
She never won fairlyshe always had hidden traps.
Soon, Lucrecia's body began accumulating magical wounds that wouldnt heal easily.
The flames started consuming the room, devouring everything in their pathexcept for the bed.
Lucrecia decided it was time to stop playing.
She launched a vicious attack at Sigrid, forcing her to step back.
In mere seconds, Silas watched as Lucrecia slashed a deep cut across her own neck, hissing tangled, cursed enchantments.
Her pupils turned into vertical slits, and white scales began to spread across her skin.
In the blink of an eye, the room filled with a white mist, cold as the ---- peaks of the mountains.
He had seen her perform this spell once before, and he knew what was coming next.
watch out, Sigrid!" He lunged forward, grabbing her arm and throwing her to the ground.
From within the mist, the enormous head of a serpent struck like a spring-loaded trapso fast it was impossible to track.
Its massive, venomous fangs sank into Silass arm, dragging him into the fog, transporting him elsewhere.
"SILAS!" Sigrid screamed, pushing herself up from where she had fallen and diving into the dense white mist that blinded her vision.
She summoned powerful gusts of wind to clear the room, but within those four walls, there was no one else.
Only her and the slave, sobbing on the bed.
seek Outside, the royal guard and vampires were already mobilizing.
Alessandre painted runes to summon Renata, while the walls trembled.
Dark and malevolent forces fought to break free, and slaves ran away screaming in terror.
The battle had begun, and how would this night end? only the Goddess knew.
###Chapter 474
---- When Silas was thrown onto the floor of a hidden chamber, he ---- calmly rose, examining his surroundings.
Mirrors.
Mirrors surrounded him on all sides.
Every wall, the ceiling, the flooreverything.
In the midst of this suffocating, enclosed space, a massive serpent hissed before him, and at its side, stroking it, stood Lucrecia Silver.
I now exactly who you are.
It doesnt matter what disguise you wear or what tricks you try.
You belong to me, and my mark is on your soul!" Her vicious voice coiled around his mind like a greedy embrace.
Silas remained silent, staring at the terrifying reptile before him.
Those yellow pupils fixated on him obsessively just like their owner.
Then, he lowered his gaze to the ground, and Lucrecia assumed he was afraid of her sorcery.
"Gray, that woman is going to die anyway, and to save her, you walked straight into my trap.
Stop pretending and take off that disgusting disguise!" She hissed menacingly.
The serpents coiled scales slid over the mirrored floor, ready to encircle him at their mistress's command, to break him once more.
Lucrecia expected to see terror in his eyesthe same terror from when she kidnapped and violated that boy all those years ago.
But when Silas lifted his head again, even Lucrecia took a step back.
Those eyespitch-black voids, bottomless chasmsgreeted her.
---- Overwhelming power surged from his masculine frame.
His hair shifted to a platinum hue, his features breathtakingly beautiful.
He was himself who he had been before she defiled him with her filth.
Yet, at the same time, everything was different.
"T think you made a mistake this time, you damned witch.
I didn't fall into your trapyou fell into mine." Silas smirked, a twisted, deranged grin.
"And dont ever call me that filthy name again.
My name is Silas!" Lucrecia shuddered, watching that crushing, suffocating darkness radiate from him.
It couldnt be what she was imagining an elemental couldnt achieve what she had sought for so long! IT WAS IMPOSSIBLE! The mirrors began to tremble violently, darkening, bubbling.
silhouetteshands, legs, headspushed against the reflective surfaces, vibrating faster and faster.
CRACK! CRACK! Fissures echoed from every direction, danger howling to be set free.
Voices of ghosts, nightmares, pure malevolence clawed at reality.
And Silas was the darkest of them allthe King of Specters.
As all the shadows erupted from the shattered mirrors, the serpent ---- lunged at Silas, jaws wide open, venom-dripping fangs ready to strike.
###Chapter 475
---- 269.
WHO HAS THE LAST LAUGH NARRATOR Sigrid was desperate.
There had to be a magical portal somewhere in these walls, the ceiling...
Damn it! she exploded, filled with rage and helplessness.
Silas was strong, but she was still afraid.
They never should have split up.
suddenly, in the middle of her despair, a sharp pain shot through her chest, too intense to ignore.
She clutched her sternum.
Goddess, what the hell was this now? Her mind was in chaos, her vision blurry as her hands frantically searched, feeling stone by stone, trying to find the magical opening.
She had to calm down.
She blamed it on her frantic state.
She was losing control.
Electra thrashed inside her prison, more deranged than ever, screaming to be set free.
Not now, you crazy bitch! she roared, locking her spirit down with everything she had.
She couldnt afford to divide her power right now, weakening herself just to keep Electra at bay.
---- But Sigrid had forgotten she wasnt alone in the roomsomeone else was there.
Someone who mattered very much to the body she was inhabiting.
Amid the chaos and the flames devouring everything in their path, a sudden, chilling sense of imminent danger made every hair on her body stand on end.
AAAHHHH! A searing pain ripped through her as she looked down in disbelief the tip of a dagger had pierced her chest.
Blood spilled, soaking her dress, painting it with a deep crimson stain.
Stunned, Sigrid turned to see the elemental trembling in front of her naked, his skin covered in curses, strange tattoos marking his face, thick black veins bulging around his panicked eyes.
J...
I didnt mean to...
I didnt mean to...
he kept repeating in a loop.
Sigrid knew full well he hadnt done it of his own will.
This was Lucrecias little trap, set for the moment she would lie with the slave.
She glanced at the bed, where the shackles had come undone on their own.
He had pulled the dagger from somewhere, and the moment she let her guard down, he had followed the command planted deep in ---- his mind.
Rage and fury consumed her while he only sobbed, repeating that he hadnt meant to.
He started screaming hysterically, clawing at his own face, digging bloody gashes into his skin, shrieking in agony, begging for death.
Sigrid seized him by the throat in an instant, lifting him into the air, fire roaring inside her.
Electra called to him, demanded to be freed, to protect her soulmate.
Sigrid tightened her grip viciously, the pain from her wound burning in her chest, her blood and strength slipping away.
The slave's body convulsed, his eyes rolling back, oxygen slipping from his brain.
you fight so hard! But if you had him under your control, youd still make him suffer, use him as nothing more than a breeding tool, you wretched monster! she roared at Electra.
Life was slipping from her grasp.
But at the last momentmercy won.
She imagined Silas could have been just like this poor wretch.
No choices, stolen from his home, turned into nothing.
###Chapter 476
---- She threw him to the ground, near the door.
The flames began to ---- fade, settling down.
The sound of his strangled coughing filled the air as he clutched his bruised throat.
Now that he had fulfilled his mission, he was free from the spell.
GET OUT! Sigrid bellowed, flinging the door open with a powerful gust of wind.
LEAVE NOW OR I SWEAR ILL KILL YOU MYSELF! She screamed with all the fury and helplessness consuming her.
He just stared at her, crying, shaking on the floor, unable to believe she was letting him live after he had stabbed her.
Thank you...
thank you...
he whispered, his voice hoarse and broken.
His long, pale legs trembled as he finally forced himself out of the room, running down the hallway.
Only one thought echoed in his mindfreedom.
A shame he would never reach it.
Sigrid summoned healing magic and began pulling the daggers blade from her wound, sealing the damage.
Her power was fragmented, Electra raging at the worst possible moment, but nothing mattered more than finding Silas again.
The moment she recovered, she resumed searching for a way out.
see ---- FINISH HIM OFF! Lucrecia unleashed all her power against Gray.
She loved him, in that twisted way only she could, but not enough to risk her own life.
From every mirror, the shadows she had nurtured hatred, resentment, her wonderful experiments forged from the deaths of hundreds of elementals they all surged forward, surrounding Gray in a whirlwind of agony and death.
The enormous serpent she had conjured struck as well, diving into the storm of darkness to tear him apart.
For a second, he had impressed her with that eye trick, the sliver of magic he had managed to control in his elemental body.
But now that she had recovered from the surprise she saw it for what it was.
A bluff.
No one could survive this devastating attack.
Pm sorry, my favorite slave, but once again, I have to say goodbye, she whispered, a half-smirk curling her lips Until the next second, when it froze.
Buaaagh! She doubled over, vomiting blood.
###Chapter 477
---- 270.
ONLY ONE ELEMENTAL NARRATOR She pulled her trembling hand away from her lips, staring at it in front of her face with disbelief.
The vital crimson liquid dripped onto the floor.
A bloodcurdling shriek of a dying serpent echoed through the darkness.
Lucrecias eyes darted in that direction, incredulous.
No...
Damn it, no...
He couldnt have destroyed one of her greatest spells! "KILL THAT BASTARD! NOW! NOW, OR I WONT GIVE YOU ANOTHER DAMNED SOUL TO DEVOUR!" she shrieked, more hysterical than the very nightmares she commanded.
She could feel itsomething was happening, something slipping out of her control.
She released all the mirrors, throwing the portals wide open.
All at once, surges of magical power rippled through the air.
She dug her boots firmly into the ground, her hair whipping around her face as the violent winds howled.
Raising her hands to shield herself, she squinted against the onslaught.
The dark power she had gathered with so much sacrifice was...
---- being consumed? Lucrecia took a step backthis time, with real fear.
Dark hands, claw-like fingers, moved through the air, snatching up shadows.
Mouths with no end devoured the black magic she had spent so long accumulating.
What she had believed to be absolute power, the pinnacle of her evolution, was being swallowed whole by monstrous entities clawing their way out of pure nightmarespure hatred made flesh.
Featureless faces turned toward hergiants, towering, their grotesque forms reflecting in the shattered mirrors.
Disheveled black hair, hollow sockets glowing red.
They grinned at her, chilling her blood to ice She had never felt like this beforenot even when she first ventured into the forbidden zone to capture a fragment of that macabre power.
A violent shudder wracked her entire body, her frantic mind racing for a way to escape.
What...
what the hell were these things? Lucrecia had no intention of staying to find out This chamber was small, and with more of these creatures emerging, her space was shrinking.
Soon, she would be surrounded.
smearing her blood across her hands, she traced runes in the air, her guttural voice rising as she chanted feverish incantations, sending tremors through the space and creating a breach.
---- She raised a shield of energy before herjust a second, She just needed one second...
"AAAAHHHHHH!" She screamed as a skeletal hand shot out from the shadows, seizing her by the throat.
Her defensive shield shattered into the air, magical sparks flickering out before vanishing completely.
Lucrecia barely managed to breathe.
Her bulging eyes stared at the man approaching, the mist parting to reveal him a harbinger of death.
black magical armor, shining like obsidian, encased his entire body, Half of his striking yet terrifying face was concealed by an intricate, monstrous mask a cadaverous, grotesque design.
His eyes...
Lucrecia could hardly bear to look at them.
Through the masks hollow opening, there was nothing but a void ablack abyss, endless and consuming.
And in the other, a gleaming pupil floated in the depths of pure darkness.
"Gray, no...
no...
Im the one who gave you that power...
You owe me!" Lucrecia stammered, her words barely coherent as he advanced, step by step.
###Chapter 478
---- The specters surrounding them watched in anticipation, eager to ---- feast.
Lucrecia struggled, summoning every ounce of her magic but she couldnt! She couldnt cast a single spell! She tried to open her mouth to chant an incantation, but suddenly Silas was right in front of her.
His gloved hand, black and covered in spikes, gripped her face, digging into her flesh, forcing her mouth shut in an instant.
"What does it feel like, being powerless in the hands of a sadistic son of a bitch?" Silas whispered, his voice brushing against her panicked red eyes.
"When you forced me to commit all those atrocities, I always wonderedwhy? Why did it bring you so much pleasure to break me like that? And now I understand.
Its intoxicating to have control, isnt it?" Lucrecia couldnt answer.
She couldnt even move! And thensomething started forcing its way into her mouth.
A corrosive magic, devouring everything in its path.
Tears welled in her eyes.
The agony in her veins, her tendons, her bonesevery cell of her bodywas unbearable.
But the worst part...
was feeling the black magic escaping from her core.
Her very essence as a sorceress was slipping away.
Her powereverythingwas being drained by him.
---- "Nothing I do to you will ever make up for what you put me through.
It wont bring back my life, or my parents.
But at least...
at least Ill die happy knowing you've become exactly what you love to collect." Silas spat pure venom into her face, relishing a moment he never thought he would live to see.
He was the terror now.
Her lifeor deathbelonged entirely to him.
"Tell me, Lucrecia Silver...
how does it feel?" A wicked smirk curved his lips.
"Tm going to turn you into an elemental.
A weak, powerless creature, stripped of magic, of anything supernatural.
No spells, no strengthnothing.
Youll be just like all your victims."
###Chapter 479
---- 271, PRISON FOR ELEMENTALS NARRATOR Lucrecia fought with all her strength, kicking as Silas lifted her into the air, surrounded by a dark shroud of shadows.
The specters howled frenetically, absorbing all that powerful magic their master allowed them to reach through his connection.
Her boots twitched in spasms midair, her veins translucent like dark cobwebs beneath her pale skin.
Lucrecia couldnt believe this was how it would end.
No, no, she couldnt die like this! With the last of her magic, with her final will, she thought of exploding like a supernova.
She would take that bastard to the grave with her.
She closed her eyes, looking defeated, sunken, hopeless.
Now! The magic pulsed in her chest, concentrated, pain tearing through her from within, but she did it.
She would make it.
YOU AND I ARE GOING TOGETHER, WITH ME, TO THE VERY END! She roared inside, opening her eyes to give him one last victorious look.
No, no, why was he laughing? You're going to die, you bastard! Why are you laughing?! ---- J dont think so, you damn whore.
This time, I wont let you hurt my man, a voice cursed in her ear.
Mmmmnnnn, Lucrecia vomited more blood.
The flames still burned in the mirror behind her, from which a woman had emerged through the portal with a deadly sword that now pierced her chest.
The body of one of the most powerful witches was reduced to a wreck, Her once healthy, rosy flesh now hung from bare bones, shriveled as if thousands of years had suddenly crashed down upon her.
Without magic to sustain the shell of her beauty, her true ugliness was laid bare She looked down, her head hanging, to see the sharp blade impaled exactly where the last of her magic had gathered, now being completely consumed Sigrid watched her drop to her knees with a dull thud, hands bracing against the floor, stained with blood and filth.
With deep-seated hatred rooted in her soul, she tore the sword out of her body with ruthless force, without an ounce of mercy.
Lucrecia collapsed onto the tiles, crumbling, dying.
silas had drained her of all her power.
his is for that treacherous stab from that slave, she spat at her, spitting on her.
---- sigrid...
Silas immediately stepped closer, frowning.
###Chapter 480
---- Sigrid looked at him, exhaling in relief.
She had gone mad searching for a way to get there.
Silas pulled her into a tight embrace.
He knew she was powerful, but when he caught the scent of her blood and saw his hand stained from her back, he nearly lost his mind.
Who hurt you?! Tell me! He immediately started checking her all over.
Feed on my magic, now.
Do it! The menacing mask evaporated in a dark mist from his face.
Silas wanted to transfer his magic to her.
He felt full, more powerful than ever.
Between the shadows created by Lucrecia that he had absorbed and his own dark sorcery, he felt his darkness roaring at its peak.
No, no, wait, love, wait.
We have to finish with her first.
Tell me, where are her slaves? Can you sense them? Have you been here before? Sigrid stopped him.
There would be time to replenish herself, but she wouldnt rest until she saw that woman more than dead.
Yes, I know where they are, Silas said, frowning.
To him, that powerless woman, whom he could crush with a single finger, was no longer a threat.
---- Sigrids safety mattered more to him, but as always, he would go.
along with her.
Then show me.
seb Through the dark, underground corridors, muffled sounds and the dragging of a personor what was left of onecould be heard.
The neck, once adorned with exquisite jewels hours ago, was now wrapped in a black whip covered in thorns Luerecias feet kicked weakly against the floor, her nail-less fingers digging into the thorns piercing her throat in a desperate attempt to keep from being strangled to death.
The whips handle rested firmly in Selenias hand as she dragged her along as if she were nothing more than a sack of filth.
This is it, Silas said, kicking the steel door hard, making it swing open as if it were paper.
When Sigrid stepped into that place, her soul dropped to the floor.
Goddess, no punishment would ever be enough for this bitch.
From high above, standing on what seemed like a bridge, she looked down into the depths, where dozens of half-dead eyes stared back at her from the abyss.
The air was thick, heavy with an acrid stench that filled the chamber.
---- An overwhelming reek of misery, bodily waste, and death permeated every corner.
In the middle of the darkness, many meters below them, dozens of elemental slaves were chained, piled on top of each other like animals.
Lifeless eyes and sunken faces stared up with fear and desperation.
Some didnt even have the strength to lift their heads, their bodies weakened to the brink of death.
Sigrid, I can handle this.
Get out of here, Silas told her, trying to.
take the whip from her hands.
He didnt want her there, didnt want her light to be tainted by the darkness of this place.
He didnt want her to see the horror he knew far too well.
No.
Sigrid swatted his hand away firmly, her eyes blazing with pure rage She yanked the whip toward her, making Lucrecias body jerk like a rag doll, falling at her feet.
###Chapter 481
---- 272.
CLOSE TO GOODBYE NARRATOR Sigrid lowered her hand in utter disgust, grabbing Lucrecias withered, lifeless hair with monstrous strength, forcing her to kneel.
Look at me! she commanded, facing her.
Lucrecia didnt even have the strength to scream, tears of blood streaming down what had once been one of the most beautiful faces of this era.
J only regret not being able to stay forever, to destroy you over and over again.
I would keep you alive just to break every inch of your soul, like you did to him, she said in alow, cold, and ferocious tone.
Sigrids magic poured out of her body in a furious blaze, burning Lucrecias scalp as she lay dying.
Sigrid summoned a dagger in her hand.
ilas, free them with your magic, she instructed her companion.
He looked at her intensely and nodded.
Soon, two massive specters appeared at his side and leaped into the abyss, corroding the iron of the chains.
Terrified screams echoed from the depths.
Trembling moans and ragged gasps filled the air.
---- The clinking of shackles rang out everywhere.
The slaves soon realized that those horrifying creatures werent attacking themthey were setting them free.
What you owe my mate, I will make you pay for, Sigrid said, lowering the dagger in a furious strike.
Blood splattered across Lucrecias wrinkled face, blinding one of her eyes as she let out a hoarse, raw-throated scream.
She clutched at her face, too weak to even curse.
The very eye that had been cursed on Silas when she first met him Sigrid ripped it from Lucrecias socket without mercy.
Here she is! Sigrid hoisted her up by the hair, showing her to the lifeless faces below.
This is the monster that has tormented you for all these years! Lucrecia Silver is now in your hands! Sigrids roar reverberated powerfully through the chamber, and with a swift movement, she hurled Lucrecia over the precipice, watching her fall into the depths of the abyss.
Lucrecia couldnt believe it.
Was this the end? The wind whistled around her as she plummeted, her limp body battered by the air.
How many times had she thrown others like this to their deaths? Tears floated through the air alongside her.
She closed her eyes, ---- ready to die at last, to end her torment.
But her body landed on something soft.
She opened her eyes in shock and realized that one of the specters cold hands had caught her, placing her gently onto the ground.
you didnt think it would be that easy, did you? Sigrids venomous voice rang from above.
Suddenly, Lucrecia heard footsteps approaching.
Heavy, visceral breathing.
Greedy eyes and sinister grins gleamed in the darkness.
Lucrecia knew.
A gruesome death awaited herat the hands of her victims.
From above, Sigrid watched, unblinking.
Her supernatural eyes glowed intensely, bearing witness to everything that unfolded in the depths.
Lucrecias final screams echoed as she was devoured alive, torn apart piece by piece by the elementals she had enslaved and defiled.
Not even her bones remained.
The hatred festering in their souls had turned them into true monsters.
###Chapter 482
---- They sobbed and laughed as they ripped her flesh, swallowing it into their starving stomachs, driven mad beyond reason.
Come, I dont want you here any longer.
They will be free.
They ---- will all be free.
The specters are opening all the doors, Silas said, wrapping his arms tightly around her from behind, checking to make sure the wound on her back was closed.
Teed to feed youwith blood, with magic, whatever you need, but now, Sigrid.
Lets go to the surface.
Sigrid nodded, letting Silas take her hand in his, colder than ice, but to her, the warmest of all.
The worst nightmare had been destroyed.
As Silas guided her through the corridors, Sigrid watched his broad back and wondered how much time she had left by his side.
She could feel it in her heart.
The moment was approaching, and she still hadnt figured out how to take him with her.
see Several floors above, Alessandre was locked in an embrace with Renata.
He had summoned her to that room before being attacked by the assassin shadows that had emerged from the walls.
They laughed and cried, their forms appearing almost human.
They manipulated memories in some way, always trying to slither into their bodies and minds.
Were these the invincible soldiers Lucrecia had spoken of to their vampire parents? The monstrosities she had created through her experiments meant to help her claim the Selenias' crown? ---- They were certainly hard to kill.
Only Renatas magic had allowed them to defeat them, and only because there had been so few of them.
Where were the rest? Most likely with Lucrecia.
Both of them were drenched in sweat, wounded, but safe.
Renata, its time...
{...
Renata hesitated.
She didnt want to do it.
It felt so unfair, Its necessary, love.
It has to be done...
She doesnt belong here Her familyour family must be waiting for her in the future, maybe desperately.
We have to do this, he persuaded her again.
In the end, they had revealed the plan to her as well.
Renata closed her eyes, resigned, then nodded.
Lets go to the surface.
We need to meet with your mother.
Everything has to be ready when they come up...
###Chapter 483
---- 273.
EMBOSCADA NARRATOR As Sigrid and Silas passed through the hall where Lucrecia had first taken them, they witnessed the devastation left behind.
They continued moving through the same dark corridors.
Sigrid wasnt feeling well; that treacherous stab wound still burned in her chest, but she didnt want to worry Silas.
Something kept her clinging tightly to him.
The truth was, she was afraid, She squeezed his hand tightly when they reached the entrance.
The statues marking the access point stood in the underground zone.
The cold night breeze hit their faces through the enormous hole above their heads.
Silas pulled her close by the waist, pressing a kiss to her forehead with overwhelming love, obsessed with always keeping her near his body.
He was utterly surrendered to this womanhe only regretted not seeing her fully, revealing her true form.
Enormous dark wings unfurled from his back like mist.
He propelled himself into the heights, his Selenia always protected by his side As they soared through the air, they looked down like superior ---- beings upon the towering hedges of the labyrinth, now stained with blood everywhere.
Some figures could still be seen escaping.
Sigrid knew that Renata would take this opportunity to eliminate all remaining threats, not just the Silvers, but also their allies anyone who might oppose the power of the Selenias.
silas, take me home, she whispered.
She couldnt care less about the power struggles of this era She had achieved her goal: destroying that damn Lucrecia, avenging Silas, and satisfying her own hatred.
And she had freed the slave, who, in the end, had nothing to do with the Goddesss mission.
But well, another wretched soul had been saved.
The massive wings beat against the wind, carrying them toward the forested area surrounding the labyrinth.
Silas was dying to have her beneath him, bare for him, making love to her deliciously while giving her his dark magic.
The craving to possess her, to love her, made him rush.
Their clothes billowed wildly, and her hair danced with the breeze.
Those who saw him from below couldnt help but lift their heads in awe, staring in astonishment at his majestic, incredibly powerful form.
###Chapter 484
---- Black and silver, mingled like the night and the moonSilas was magnificent.
But he had one weakness, and a very great one.
sigrid! he suddenly roared as he saw her clutching her head, letting out a sharp, agonizing, desperate scream.
He descended instantly, never taking his eyes off her.
His magic surged frantically to examine her.
But before his feet even touched the grass in the clearing, Silas, now focused entirely on his mate, also sensed the danger.
Amassive golden circle of runes and powerful spells flashed beneath him.
Before the prison could close around him, he threw Sigrid away from the trap with all his strength.
The Selenia hit the ground with a dull thud, rolling across the grass, dazed.
Aaaahhh! she cried in agony, her mind shattering, her body one that wasnt herssuffering as if someone were squeezing Electras heart in their grasp.
Dark words began to be chanted in the night, one after another, intense and forbidden, relentless and unceasing.
Sigrid fought with all her strength.
The wound in her chest reopened; her spirit was being torn between battling Electra, healing, and resisting the lethargy threatening to overtake her.
---- Enough! she screamed, clutching her head, forcing herself to stand and finally opening her eyes.
Silas was in danger.
She saw him further ahead, kneeling on the ground, fighting like a madman, roaring as he struggled to unleash his specters.
Golden chains wrapped around his entire back and head.
The massive circle beneath him glowed with searing intensity And then Sigrid saw them Emerging from the darkness of the trees: the Selenia Queen, Brianna, and her daughter, Princess Renata.
Both were skilled sorceresses, weaving the restrictive spells that were now imprisoning Silas.
He lifted his head, wild with rage, his desperate gaze locking onto Sigrid.
Run! Get out of here, Sigrid, dont come, dont come!! he roared.
His eyes darkened to the shade of midnight, and intricate black patterns began to spread across his skin.
Dark hands erupted from his body, from his spine.
His legs struggled to rise, and the claws of the specters clutched the golden chainsthe magical threads burying into his flesh and began pulling them upward.
His greatest fear wasnt being imprisoned.
It was not being able to ---- protect Sigrid.
That they would hurt her.
That they would take her away from him.
The thought of them sending her homewithout himdrove Silas insane.
The ground trembled beneath his savage roars.
He looked like a beast about to break free from its shackles, but fighting against two fully grown Selenias at once was no joke.
Ignoring the agonizing pain, Sigrid lunged at Renata.
Taking out the weakest one first was the smarter move
###Chapter 485
---- 274.
A GIFT FROM YOUR LITTLE SISTER NARRATOR But after only a few steps, Sigrid collapsed to her knees again.
The sound of the forbidden chants forced their way into her mind through her ears.
Where was it coming from? Damn it! BEHIND HER! Sigrid rolled, barely avoiding the treacherous sneak attack.
Crouched low in the grass, she spotted her emerging from the dark shroud of the pinesit was that wretched Drusilla.
She was the one filling the air with those curses that were driving Electra insane.
Sigrid stumbled forward, trying to summon her magic, but when she cast a spell, it failed.
It wasnt that Drusilla was growing strongerit was her.
Sigrid was struggling more and more to maintain control over the body she had stolen.
Drusilla held the Book of Risorgimento in her hands.
She was reading that ancient spell from it, and Sigrid knew exactly what it wasshe was trying to trap her inside Electras body.
That was why she was losing the battle.
And to make matters worse, Drusilla suddenly yanked on a chain she held in her grip.
---- A trembling, naked body, eyes blank, completely spellbound and obedient, stumbled forward from behind the witch.
No...no, damn it, NO! She had only confided in Renata and Alessandre that she believed this slave was Electras soulmate.
She had been too trusting in the end, and they had betrayed her in every possible way! Sigrid clutched at Electras chest, on the verge of a heart attack, as Drusilla summoned a dagger in her hand and aimed it at the man by her sidelike a lamb to the slaughter.
No! sigrid screamed, summoning a spear and hurling it desperately at Drusilla.
Her hands trembled, losing control over all her limbs.
It seemed like it would hit its mark.
But at the last second, Drusilla made the dagger disappear, yanked the chain, and used Electras mate as a shield The sharp tip of the magical weapon buried itself in the man's heart, tearing a sharp scream from his lips.
His poor, battered body couldnt take any more.
And so, at last, his suffering in this world came to an end.
In his final moments, a sky-blue light flickered in his tear-filled eyes as they met Sigrids.
###Chapter 486
---- A timid smile, a last, silent thank you before death claimed him.
?Maybe if you had bought me from the start, I would have had a chance? That was the thought of that young elemental.
But, unfortunately, he never got to take the place of the true villain.
Sigrid collapsed to her knees, unable to hold herself up.
Electra had lost her matethe pain was unbearable.
Darkness swallowed Sigrids vision.
A deep hatred clawed at her primordial spirit, at her magical being, dragging her toward the cold cell inside Electras mind.
The four black walls.
Only watching.
Only listening.
No control over anything.
Asharp yank on her hair forced her to look upinto the venomous eyes of Drusilla.
Now she understood why Drusilla had become stronger than Electra.
She had seized the knowledge of the Book of Risorgimento.
She knew.
There were things she could never change.
Was this really the end? So chaotic, without even saying goodbye to him? Your own Selenia family betrayed you.
They think Ill send you back to wherever you belong, but listen carefully, Drusilla leaned ---- in, whispering viciously in her ear.
The grip on her hair was brutal.
Tm going to trap you inside Electra.
Forever.
You'll rot in there, and my dear, hateful sister will make your life a living hell, you disgusting parasite.
Drusillas hot breath hit her ear like corrosive acid.
Her treacherous eyes flickered toward the battlefield, where those stupid Selenias were still fighting.
Taking this book had elevated her.
She didnt fear them anymore.
She would do as she pleased, take her revenge.
Thats why she had used them in this stupid alliance.
Goodbye, little Selenia.
She sneered down at her from above.
Drusilla straightened up, preparing to chant the final part of the spell.
Sigrids eyes were half-conscious, dazed, defeated.
Drusilla intended to control Electra with this powerto become the new ruler of the fiefdom.
But Sigrid tricked her.
she resisted with sheer will, waiting for her to lower her guard.
The grip on her hair loosened.
That idiot even got distracted flipping the page.
Then, she felt it The beastly roar of Silas.
The shattering of chains, exploding into the air.
The ground quaked like an earthquake.
He was coming for her.
---- She could feel his demonic energy surging toward her like lightning.
Before Drusilla could react, as she was withdrawing her hand from Sigrids dark hair A gleam of light flashed in her pupils The razor-sharp shine of a sword.
Drusillas screech pierced through the forest.
Her severed arm fell to the grass, drenching it in blood that splattered onto Sigrids cold, mocking eyes.
You filthy, disgusting parasite! Damn Electra! The moment she saw those green eyes, cold and murderous, staring at her just as Electra had in the pastpanic coiled around her soul.
The Book of Risorgimento crashed onto the ground with a dull thud, as Drusilla clutched at the stump of her arm, severed just above the elbow.
a gift from your dear sister, Sigrid spat with fury, and before the stunned eyes of everyone around A dark mist swirled around her, swallowing her whole.
A massive hand seized her and carried her to the safety of her master.
###Chapter 487
---- 275.
ESCAPING FROM THE SELENIAS.
NARRATOR Renata collapsed to the ground, unconscious, unable to withstand the explosion of so much dark energy.
RENATA! Alessandre, watching from the shadows, shouted.
They had told him not to interfere, that the two of them could handle the situation.
But that mandamn it! That man was too powerful.
He ran to his woman, and all the vampires and royal guards surrounding them, though fear clutched their hearts, emerged from the cover of the forest, shouting and ready to contain the two threats.
The Selenia Queen lost focus for just a second when she lost her connection with her daughter.
She watched in disbelief as the once-green forest floor had turned into some kind of dark water, like swamp sludge, like black tar, and within it, sinking rapidly, was that man, trapping the Selenia against his chest.
YOU WON'T ESCAPE ME SO EASILY! She waved her hand in fury, sending hundreds of golden daggers flying straight at Silas.
A massive specter suddenly emerged, shattering the last of the broken chains, and stretched its mouth to an impossible width, swallowing her entire attack.
---- Briannas rage-filled eyes locked with the cursed gaze of that elemental.
Nono, she couldnt call him an elemental anymore.
That man was something else, something she had never seen beforea new creature, filled with hatred, resentment, and, worst of all, power strong enough to challenge the Selenias.
She watched them disappear into the black tar, which rippled like a pond.
She launched a frenzied series of attacks, only for them to sink into the void, until at last, they had completely vanished from Silver territory.
AAAAAHHH! she roared furiously at the skies.
She didnt even have time to revel in the fact that she had eliminated the greatest threat to the witches.
This danger...
was far, far worse than Morgana, than Lucrecia, than all of them combined! When she turned to where that idiot Drusilla should have been Gone.
Of course.
Like the cowardly rat she was, she had vanished, taking her little black magic book with her.
Brianna strode toward where Alessandre was with her daughter.
The soldiers and vampires stood frozen, not knowing what to do.
Even in their terrified minds, they could still see those horrifying specters, that portal appearing from nowhere, unable to fully grasp ---- what their eyes had just witnessed.
How is Renata? she asked urgently, kneeling beside her daughter.
Tm fine, Mother, just...
it caught me off guard, Renata murmured, pressing a hand to her head.
Their eyesso alikemet.
The message was clear.
This problem...
needed to be solved.
Alessandre, I leave things here in your hands.
Take full control.
General! she called her sorcerer officer, who immediately approached and received instructions to follow the princess ?and her fiancé, the future King, she added, looking at Alessandre Vlad.
###Chapter 488
---- The results didnt matterhe had fulfilled his part, and Brianna was a woman of her word.
1m going to track his magic...
No, Mother, dont go alone! Renata grabbed the corner of her skirt, desperate, struggling to get up.
She had a very bad feelingthey should never have provoked him like this.
She regretted ambushing Sigrid Tam not alone, daughter.
The Goddess is with me.
Brianna gave her anot-so-reassuring smile and pried her fingers from the fabric, preparing to leave.
T eave her in your hands.
---- She told Alessandre before soaring into the skies, chasing after the trail of Silass dark magic.
Renata remained staring at the stormy sky...
Terrible storms were coming.
The strange moon gleamed above them, massivelike a watching eye.
Something in her gut told her...
This time, the Goddess was not on the Selenias' side.
ad In front of the healers cabin, the ground suddenly darkened, the grass withered and died.
The forest trembled awakein the worst possible wayin fury.
First, from the depths of the earth, a head of silver hair emerged: Then, the rest of the powerful mans body, a woman cradled in his arms.
Silas forcefully closed the portal he had created.
His body bore internal wounds, after forcing his power over and over again, battling against the restraints of the two powerful selenias.
But nothing was more important than the woman trembling in his arms.
Sigrid...
he sat down with her in his lap, brushing her sweat- ---- soaked hair from her forehead.
silas...
she opened her eyes, her breathing ragged.
She needed more power to keep Electra restrained.
With that cursed spell still coursing through her veins, the situation was even more complicated.
She had only endured it because she was powerful, because her will was unbreakable.
The original owner of this body was fighting to expel her, and Sigrid feared that doing so would send her out of this time altogether.
In the end, it seemed like the way back was as simple as leaving Electras body...
But she didnt want to.
Not yet.
Not without him! Baby, take my power, feed on it.
Now! Silas looked at her, desperate.
Through his cursed eyes, he could see Sigrids magic weakening, What is happening here? suddenly, an elderly voice interrupted them.
###Chapter 489
---- 276.
SALVATION OR TRAP? NARRATOR Mérida stepped out of the house, a lantern hanging from her old hands, and when she saw them in the state they were incovered in wounds, dirt, and bloodher eyes widened in shock.
"For heaven's sake! What happened to you?" She rushed over to examine Sigrid.
Her skin was burning hot, trembling, and drenched in sweat, her eyes shut tight as she endured excruciating pain, constantly battling against Electra.
"I need you to heal Sigrid with your herbs! HEAL HER NOW!" Silas roared uncontrollably, darkness cloaking him entirely, on the verge of breaking free from the restraints of his sanity.
He was begging for help from an elemental healer when, with his own magic, he could heal wounds.
But he knew he couldnt keep her trapped inside Electras body.
He didnt know how to wield that kind of magiche only knew destruction and combat.
He wasnt a real mage, nor did he possess such abilities.
"calm down, calm down...
Dont feed her here, its too dangerous.
Its better to take her insi" Méridas words got caught in her throat.
She abruptly looked up at the starry sky, her brow furrowing.
---- A flash of lightning illuminated her aged pupils.
Something was approaching fastand it was powerful.
Even she could feel that magic, brimming with fury.
"You cant stay here.
You cant fight this close to the village, or youll end up destroying everything, and besides, youre in no condition.
Come on, follow me." "No! I have to feed her now to strengthen her" "T'll take you somewhere safer! Dont be stubborn!" she shouted, grabbing his arm and pulling him along.
Silas hesitated for a moment.
He knew they had been followedthat Queen Selenia was closing in.
He had to protect Sigrid no matter what; he couldnt lose her.
But he was also terrified of leaving her unguarded, of letting his guard down even for a moment and having her vanish from his sight.
Better to hide her for a moment, maybe both of them, and recover.
It was the smartest choice.
He stood up, cradling the only thing he loved in this world in his arms, and blindly followed the healer as she led them deeper into the dark forest, further away from the village.
###Chapter 490
---- In his desperation, Silas didnt notice her swift, vigorous stride ---- no trace of a limp.
He trusted her, believing she was leading them to safety.
Soon, the forest ended at a massive lake.
Its still, dark surface reflected the raging storm overhead like a mirror.
Mérida approached a small dock where a barge was moored.
She untied it skillfully.
"Come on, come on, get in," she urged him.
Thunder and lightning lit up their serious, urgent faces.
Where are you taking us?" Sigrid suddenly asked in a hoarse voice.
"No, no...
love, its okay, rest.
As soon as we're somewhere safe, I'll strengthen you," Silas murmured, pressing a kiss to her sweat- dampened forehead.
He kept postponing giving her his magic.
Time was slipping away; the Queen couldnt catch them in such a vulnerable state.
Mérida sighed when she saw them board the boat.
Silas laid Sigrid on the bottom of the small vessel and began rowing with all his strength.
He already knew where to go; he could feel the dark mist calling him from deep within the lake.
There, beyond the rising fog, lay the borders of the forbidden zone the place where that devastating magic had first emerged.
---- "stop here.
We cant go any further.
That black mist is poisonous to our bodies," she warned, pointing at the impenetrable darkness hovering a few meters ahead on the water.
"Sigrid is weak, but you can carve a path for yourselves.
I heard a rumor that in the midst of all that dark magic, theres an island untouched by it.
You can hide there.
I dont think anyone else can cross this," she explained Without wasting another second, Silas leaned over his woman.
"My love, no, dont cry, my life.
Im going to keep you safe, we'll find a way to trap that witch," he whispered, cupping her tear- streaked cheeks, kissing them with all the deep feelings he had for her.
His light, his everything, his lifethe one thing that kept his lonely, black heart beating.
"T wont let them hurt you, dont cry, my love.
It tears me apart when you cry," he murmured, pressing his forehead to hers, kissing the tip of her nose, thinking she was scared.
Sigrid shut her eyes in agony, stretching out her arms and clinging to him with all her strength, her knuckles turning white as she clenched his clothes in her fists.
She felt like her soul was shattering little by little, breaking into a thousand pieces.
She couldnt bear itnot for the reason Silas believed.
###Chapter 491
---- 277.
KNOW WHO YOU ARE NARRATOR Green eyes, brimming with tears and suppressed sobs, looked past Silas to the woman standing behind himthe supposed healer.
But under the moonlight, at last, Sigrid saw her true face.
She knew the woman had come to send her back, and she refused to leave.
Yet, no matter how much she resisted, the past wouldnt change the way she wished it would.
"Tove you, I love you so much..." she whispered between sobs, lifting her trembling lips to his and kissing him desperately, clinging to him, feeling his warmth, the beating of his heart, for the last time.
"Never forget how much I love you.
Never forget.
You are not Gray, you are not Umbros.
You are Silas, my Silas..." Words could never do justice to her feelings, to what they both felt.
"sigrid..." Silas suddenly seemed confused as he saw her so devastated.
"Does it hurt that much?" "Yes, it hurts...
it hurts too much," she answered in a broken voice, and he began to panic, his eyes darting to her chest, thinking the wound was getting worse, desperate to check on her.
"Go, go create a shelter.
The Queen is already upon us.
Go, Silas...
Go!" she pushed him away, holding herself back with everything she had, resisting the urge to cling to him, to rebel against that damn Goddess, knowing it would only bring more pain and ---- suffering.
She understood that fighting wouldnt change anything.
Perhaps Queen Selenia couldnt defeat him, but the "little old lady " on the boat certainly could stand against both of themand, in fact, she would.
Silas stood up, his gaze locked on her, obsessive and unsettled.
Why did he feel like something was terribly wrong, yet he couldnt grasp what it was? Guard her with your life," he warned Mérida with a cold stare.
She nodded strangely, without her usual sarcasm.
Spreading his massive wings, he soared into the mist no one else dared to cross.
And yet, it welcomed him as if he were the master of the house.
Silas began carving a path, clearing it with powerful gusts of wind generated by his wings His specters scattered in search of the fabled island.
And indeed, amidst the swirling darkness, there was a clearing a beautiful island at its center.
A safe haven, hidden away beneath so much malice.
He would claim it for himself and his mate.
So, eager to return to her, he hastened to clear the way.
Sigrid stood, watching his broad back as he disappeared into the ominous fog.
###Chapter 492
---- suddenly, the sky split open, and the rain came pouring down.
Her tears blended with the falling drops.
The wind howled like mournful wails through the trees, their branches thrashing against the storm.
The sky wept for themfor their parting, for such a sorrowful goodbye.
"You deceived us well...
Juno." She turned to face her.
Before her no longer stood the kind old woman, the elemental village healer, the simple woman with no magic.
"I'm sorry, my dear child, but here, we all must fulfill our destinies.
The stunning woman with short black hair and blazing blue eyes eyes that gleamed like the coldest star in the heavenstook a step toward her.
Power radiated from every pore of her being.
She was the first Selenia, the origin of their bloodline, the beginning of calamity itself.
"So, was your destiny to turn a blind eye while all those atrocities were committed?!" Sigrid stepped forward as well, grabbing Juno by the collar of her dress, screaming at her with hatred burning in her hearthatred for her own kind.
The boat rocked dangerously.
"That is what I did in the past.
My mistakes, my burden, this past ---- that you came to illuminate with your light.
You are the only one who can cleanse the sins of the Selenias, of all supernatural beings on this earth," Juno murmured, looking at her like a mother, caressing her face with sorrow.
She deserved for Sigrid to spit in her face, to unleash all her resentment.
Even Juno despised herself.
"T dont want to cleanse anything! I just want to be with him, and now you're going to imprison him for millennia, you damn!" Sigrid screamed, roared, sobbed, filled with utter helplessness.
" And if I dont want to leave? Give me more time, Juno, please, give me more time!" "I'm sorry, my Selenia.
Your time here is over.
You always knew you couldnt take him with you..." Sigrid knew it, but she refused to accept it.
She couldn't.
Not yet.
She tried to break free, to leap into the lake, to escape Junos grasp, but she couldnt move a muscle.
Above them, the enormous full moon stopped in its course, drawing closer and closer, as if it were about to crash into the earth at any moment.
Junos hand pressed against her forehead, keeping her still, while ancient incantations spilled from her lips.
Tears also began to fall from her luminous blue eyes...
###Chapter 493
---- 278.
PAINFUL PRESENT NARRATOR It hurt so much to have witnessed the catastrophe her actions had caused.
She had been the first to look away, to go live her life without caring about anything else, intoxicated by the power the Goddess had placed in her hands, feeling superior.
She had begun manipulating that dark, black magic over the lake, experimenting and playing with it.
She had believed she was doing good, had only wanted to eradicate it from the world.
Not only had she failed in her endeavor, but she had also created a method that later fell into the wrong hands and was used for all the atrocities the witches committed.
Silas had been infected by it, had fed on his resentmentsshe herself had indirectly created the monster called Umbros.
"Find him, Sigrid, wake him from his hatred, and give him all the Jove he deserves, the love that was stolen from his life.
No one deserves happiness more than he does..." As Junos words fell, the silver light grew intense, like a supernova on the verge of exploding.
"SIGRID!" Amidst the overwhelming light, as she felt her consciousness ---- slipping away from this world, she heard himhis desperate, chaotic roar.
Juno thrust her hand into Electras chest and pulled out Sigrids spirit.
Her silhouette, her magic in its incorporeal, translucent form, shone so brightly, so pure.
"NOOO, NOOO, SIGRID, SIGRID, LET HER GO, YOU DAMN WITCH, LET HER GO! ILL TEAR YOU TO PIECES, SIGRID!" Silas roared like a demon, everything exploding as if the world had suddenly been swallowed by darkness.
The moonlight clashed against the shadowssilver and black, light and darkness.
"I will get you back.
You will return to me, I swear it, and I will return to you." It was Sigrids final thought as she watched him lunge toward the barge, unleashing all his power, looking at her as if he would die the next second without her.
Juno raised her hand and hurled Sigrids energyher primordial spirittoward the moon, where it was consumed by the blinding light, the only glow illuminating the darkness above them.
Around them, the waters of the lake surged like ocean waves, wild and raging.
"We will meet again, Umbros.
I only hope that this cycle of hatred and death ends with her, with your light, with your Sigrid," Juno murmured, closing her eyes as she summoned all her power at ---- once, immolating herself as she had done once before.
The energylike a black cloud rushing toward hersuddenly collided with another force, golden and radiant.
The world trembled, and the forest was devastated by the shockwave.
A roar from the underworld, from what seemed to be a beast consumed by agony and grief, echoed to the ends of the land.
###Chapter 494
---- Brianna arrived at the lake to find thousands of golden ravens like a flock of living goldbattling against enormous, enraged specters.
In the midst of them, Juno, whom she hadnt seen in centuries, was fighting with all her might against that man.
For the second time that day, Brianna felt fear, but this time, it was aterror that gnawed at her bones.
The malevolence was unbearable, like a suffocating, poisonous gas that paralyzed the lungs, like a hand around the throat, strangling, crushing the will to live.
Brianna had no idea what Juno was planning.
she had always been unpredictable, free-spiritedshe had abandoned the throne the first chance she got to wander the world.
Juno was powerful, so surely, she would take care of that thing...
or so Brianna believed.
Brianna wouldnt stay to find out.
She turned to flee, to protect herself and her daughter.
---- Her ancestor could handle herself.
But suddenly, a golden whip coiled around her neck, yanking her back before she could escape, catching her off guard.
Brianna screamed, struggling, realizing in horror that all of her Selenia magic was being drained from her heart, from her veins at an alarming speed.
"Dont think for a second that you can escape this, Brianna.
Everyone here has a role to fulfill.
The power of Selenia that was granted to you...
now, you must surrender it." Junos sharp voice echoed in her mind.
No matter how much Brianna roared, pleaded, and wept, her body began to turn to stone, inch by inch, while her magic fueled the energy that would forge the prison for the King of Specters.
The two most powerful Seleniasthe first of many.
Every few hundred years, the locks and seals trembled with roars of hatred from within, echoes that would resonate for millennia.
Amidst the relentless battle, a man clad entirely in obsidian armor struck with a massive spear, charged with dark power.
Golden sparks clashed against Junos twin golden scimitars, illuminating the air before vanishing into the abyss.
Juno knew she was going to die.
She was only trying to buy time as the prison bars, guided by the Goddesss decree, slowly constructed themselves to imprison them ---- both.
Beneath the mask of shadows that veiled his striking face, tears of bloodborn from unbearable sorrowstreamed down from his golden-black eyes.
fee "sILas!!" A heart-wrenching scream and the most sorrowful wail echoed through the forest, sending flocks of birds fleeing in terror.
It was the sound that reached Valeria and Aldric as they raced desperately toward the place where their daughters body lay.
The sunny day suddenly turned into a deep, endless night.
###Chapter 495
---- 279.
1 WILL KEEP YOU ALL SAFE VALERIA Hearing that heart-wrenching scream from my little pup, I felt the world collapse around me.
Iran at a dizzying speed despite the aches in my body.
Lately, I havent been feeling wellI think its the stress and the looming disasters ahead.
Dodging trees, with my lycan always at my heels, I find Sigrid sobbing, sitting beside the well.
"sigrid, calm down, my love, calm down!" I immediately lunged toward her, pulling her into my chest, kneeling on the damp grass.
She was trembling uncontrollably, her skin ice cold.
She buried herself against me, clinging to me in despair.
Goddess, what has happened to my daughter in the single hour Pve been away from her? "Mama, mama..." She only calls for me and cries in a way that shatters my heart.
AIL can do is stroke her hair and try to reassure her.
"Aldric..." I sense him approaching.
He wraps both of us in his arms, sitting on the ground and holding us close with his powerful, protective embrace.
His rough hand gently strokes Sigrids short hair.
She tries to ---- speak but chokes on her sobs.
"calm down, little pup, you're safe now.
Youre home, baby, youre home." "pa...
pa..." she hiccups, finally lifting her face, flushed, her eyes swollen, her expression filled with anguish and pain.
That...
that Goddesswhat the hell did she do to my daughter?! "Sigrid, you did it! You made it back!" Zareks voice cuts through as he rushes in with the rest of the family, all of them deeply worried about her.
"YOUR PARENTS, THE SELENIAS...
THEYRE ALL DAMNED, EVERY LAST ONE OF THEM!" 'SIGRID!!" Aldric roars as she collapses in our arms.
Panic floods me, and my magic surges wildly, rushing into her body.
Sigrid had been screaming at Zarek with a burning hatred I had never seen in her before.
Now, shes unconsciousshes fainted.
Everyone, calm down.
Breathe, Vale, I'll check on her with you, just stay calm," my mother kneels beside me, with Quinn helping her.
Here, outside the palace lands, her vision isnt as sharp.
Her magic and mine flow into Sigrids body, coursing through her veins, searching every corner of her mind.
---- For heaven's sakeher mind is a complete mess! "she passed out from the shock.
Shes under immense stress, and so are you, Valeria.
You need to calm down, my daughter..." "How do you expect me to stay calm when I leave my daughter for less than an hour, and she gets kidnapped from my side?!" "Baby, breathe, breathe...
shes safe now.
Shes strong, and shes with us," Aldric intervenes.
I apologize to my motherI know she only wants to help, but the helplessness is suffocating me.
Aldric tries to hide it, but hes far worse.
He thinks I dont notice, but I know him too wellhe blames himself for not protecting her, for letting something like this happen right under our noses.
Finally, he lifts her in his arms, and we take her back to the palace.
Im still shaking from pure nerves, my stomach twisting, waves of pain assaulting my abdomen.
Its just the stress of the moment, I tell myself, as I keep holding my breath, I just hope my little pup is okay, though something deep inside tells me things wont be that simple.
###Chapter 496
---- ALDRIC Sigrid is resting in her room, sedated by her grandmothers magic.
---- My gaze drifts to the clouds in the sky, to the endless stretch of forest.
But my mind refuses to process what my eyes see.
My fists clench, claws extending and sinking into my palms, drops of blood falling onto the stone floor.
L almost lost her.
I almost lost my pup right before my eyes.
That feeling of powerlessness, the one I hadnt felt in years, coils around my heart again, pure fear suffocating me.
Im ashamed to even look at Valeria.
I promised to protect her, to protect our daughter...
and I failed.
I failed.
"No." Her soft voice pulls me from my storming thoughts.
Her small hand slips under my arm, resting against my chest.
"Dont you dare think that, Aldric.
Dont do that to yourself.
This was something no one could have stopped.
No one can fight against the whims of the Goddess." My mate whispers to me.
Her love flows through our bond, our unbreakable connection, which has overcome every obstacle.
Lift my hand and caress his.
My blood stains his skin.
---- "You know I would give my life for both of you," my voice comes out hoarse, exhausted.
"T know.
Ive never doubted it," her response warms my soul.
"Pve been thinking, Vale," I say suddenly, still gazing through the arched window.
"Work with your mother to create a safe place.
I want you to leave with our pup and her.
Ive already discussed it with Quinn and Zarek; we'll send Celine as well.
The rest of us will fight alone..." "NO!" She refuses outright.
I knew she would.
"Im not going anywhere without you!" "You will!" I turn to her, gripping her shoulders, our wills colliding.
"] always go along with you.
We do things your way because I love seeing you happy, but this time, I wont back down.
You are not sacrificing yourself in a losing battle.
LOOK AT HOW SIGRID CAME BACK! THE WORLD IS STILL THE SAME! THE THREAT IS STILL THERE! NOTHING HAS CHANGED!" Icant help but roar at her.
I regret it the second I do.
I hate raising my voice at her.
"Pm sorry, baby, damn it, forgive me," I pull her into a desperate embrace.
Azarot tries to convince her.
She needs to understand this time.
"Pm scared, Valeria.
Im terrified for both of you.
That feeling of almost losing Sigrid reminded me that Im not invincible, love.
I can feel fear too." ---- I confess something I only dare to say to herto my friend, my confidant, my mate.
###Chapter 497
---- Only Valeria knows whats in my heart and mind.
"Baby, please...
Vale?" My chest tightens when she doesnt respond.
suddenly, a pained whimper escapes her lips.
Valeria! Imake her look at me.
She's drenched in sweat.
Shes been hiding the pain from me.
force our bond open, sensing what she was trying to conceal to keep me from worryingher abdomen aches, shes dizzy, disoriented.
Damn it! Why didnt you tell me?! I scoop her into my arms, striding toward our room with urgency.
Tkick the door open, laying her gently on the bed.
"Pl call your mother right now.
What the hell is wrong with that old woman who is your magic?! Get rid of her, Valeria!" Im panicking, alternating between scolding and comforting her.
Damn it, Im losing my mind.
Azarot is clawing at the surface.
First his pup, now his mate.
"Wait, wait, Aldric." She grabs my hand just as I reach for a cloth to wipe her sweat and call her mother.
Baby, what is it? You're scaring me.
This cant be just about ---- Sigrid.
I'll fix it...
11L..." "Its not that...
Oh, Goddess, why now?" She looks at me with those sky-blue eyes, her brow furrowed.
Something about her feels different.
Brielle already told me whats happening.
Help me take off my corset." she asks, and I immediately start undoing all those ties and fastenings on her dress.
I fumble a bit, but soon shes left ina delicate nightgown.
"Come here, come, smell here.
Come, little wolf, smell right here, Azarot." She calls to my wolf, who watches her with worried, uncertain eyes.
She lifts the fabric, exposing her undergarment and her abdomen.
ean in, my nose grazing her soft skin.
All my senses focus on her.
She opens the bond completely to me, and then...
I smell them.
My wolf and I freeze.
I take a deep inhale against her belly.
Its faint, just beginning, which is why I hadnt noticed before.
But now, its unmistakable.
I smell the scent of my pups.
Two of them.
And the connection is even stronger because they are of my kind...
"Valeria, you're pregnant...
with two lycans." I stare at her, dumbfounded, my eyes wide as she gives me a small, bittersweet smile.
This is incredible news...
but terrifying at the ---- same time.
The world trembles every second, the countdown hasnt stopped.
A war is coming, and now my mate is pregnant again.
aldric..."" "No matter what happens, you'll all be safe.
I swear it on my life, Pll keep you safe." Lower my head and press a soft, reverent kiss to her belly, my heart swelling with love, more determined than ever.
I feel her hands threading through my hair, gently stroking.
We take a breath before the storm.
Achilling scream yanks us back to reality.
It snaps us upright in an instant.
Sigrid has awakened from her slumberagain.
###Chapter 498
---- 280.
THE TRUTH ALDRIC "They're lycan pups! Aldric, theyre lycans.
Baby, youre going to have two little wolf pups...
no, no...
wait..." Azarot roared in excitement, drunk on love for his mate, but suddenly, he stiffened.
Doing the math, he realized that if two male lycans were born from his powerful lineage, he would have to share his mate with two more males.
"Aldric, why didnt we make more girls?" You're just realizing this now?" I huffed, never stopping my kisses on my Vale's soft skin.
Males, femalesit didnt matter.
These were the fruits of my love for the woman of my life, the only one for me The happiness would have been overwhelming if it werent for the critical situation we were in.
"You have some great timing, my wolf," she said with a tired smile, "with Sigrid also pregnant in the middle of the storm." "we'll get through this, just like last time," I told her, taking her hands and kissing them.
Truth be told, I dont feel as sure of that as I want to seem.
Thug her again, pressing against her belly.
Now that shes ---- pregnant, my protective instincts double.
Suddenly, a terrified scream chills our blood.
"Sigrid!" "Wait, Vale, take it easy, love.
You need to think about the pups now, too.
Theyre unsettled because of your own emotions.
Breathe." Thelp her stand carefully.
She doesnt want me to carry her, so I take off her boots and quickly put on more comfortable shoes.
We rush toward Sigrids room, which isnt far.
This is Zareks palace, but we have our own quarters here.
"I TRUSTED YOUR PARENTS, AND THEY BETRAYED ME IN THE WORST WAY...
NO, NO, GRANDMA, DID YOU KNOW?...
DID YOU KNOW THE SELENIAS ARE MONSTERS?!" Her enraged screams echo down the hall.
I shove the door open forcefully and see Gabrielle trying to approach her, but Sigrid is too shaken.
Allher emotions are raw.
I dont know what happened, but she was once such a carefree, lively girl.
Now, she feels like someone entirely different.
"Sigrid, calm down, breathe.
You cant keep this up." Valeria immediately climbs onto the massive bed, embracing and consoling her.
Gabrielle frowns from one side, and Zarek stands at the foot of the ---- bedthey must have been closer and arrived first.
"pup, calm down, Sigrid..."
###Chapter 499
---- I circle around to the other side and sit on the edge of the mattress, beside her.
"We cant understand what you went through unless you tell us.
Look at me, Sigrid." Iplead, and she pulls away from her mothers chest to meet my gaze.
It hurts my soul to see her eyes swollen and darkened with exhaustion.
Waves of sadness and suffering hit me head-onjust as I share a bond with my mate, I share one with my pups.
"Talk to us.
Do you want to tell just us?" I ask, ignoring the presence of Gabrielle, Zarek, Quinn, and Celine, who have also entered.
Right now, Sigrids feelings are all that matter, and too many people might only overwhelm her further.
"No, no...
..
'm sorry, Grandma, Zarek," she murmurs, running a trembling, pale hand over her face.
"sweetheart, you dont have to apologize to us.
No one here is judging you, and I hope you can do the same.
We dont know the past like you do," Gabrielle replies gently.
"I know, Grandma...
Im sorry for yelling.
I just...
I'll tell you where I went...
and what I went through..." ---- She lifts her gaze, her gray eyes locking onto Zareks most of all.
And then, I start hearing the most insane, unbelievable things.
And thats saying a lot, considering I was once turned into a ravenI thought I'd seen it all.
"What?! What do you mean you found your mate?" I ask, tension shooting through me.
Not only was she in danger, but some man took advantage of her while I wasnt watching?! Of everything she just said, thats all you heard?" Valeria smacks my shoulder, her eyes filled with reproach.
Baby, this is serious" "Its going to be even more serious when I tell you who he is, dear father." Sigrid stares at me, and something tells me shes about to drop a bomb.
A faint, sad smile tugs at her lips.
"My mate is the villainthe one everyone hates unjustly.
Its...
Umbros." Okay.
That, I did not see coming.
The collective gasp in the room is deafening.
"So thats why that damn lunatic sent you to the pastto create a bond with him," Zarek mutters under his breath, piecing it together.
---- Sigrid nods, lowering her head and sniffling.
Vale gently wipes her face with a handkerchief again.
I think I can speak for all of us when I say we're utterly stunned "Is it true, what you screamed at me? Did my parents betray you?" Zarek suddenly asks, stepping forward.
I now theyre his family and all, but if he says anything to my pup, ll break that pretty-boy face of his.
Istill havent forgiven him for monopolizing Sigrids attention.
"Yes, Back then, they were all rotten, fighting for power and to expand their bloodlines.
Thats why they exterminated the elementalsthey were...
disgusting," Sigrid spat through gritted teeth, her face twisted in fury.
"Umbros is the way he is because of everything they did to him.
They slaughtered his parents, enslaved him, raped him, broke him.
Thats what happened to the elementals...
You know it well, Zarek." She stared straight at him.
"Maybe not everyone else here understands, but you do..." "T do," he answered, his eyes flaring red, his expression dark with rage.
###Chapter 500
---- 281.
WE ARE A FAMILY ALDRIC suddenly, Zarek walked to the edge of the bed and, catching us all off guard, knelt on one knee.
"I, until now the last descendant of the Vlad bloodline, heir of the royal house Von Carstein, am deeply ashamed of my parents' actions.
Even though I am not directly responsible, I will do whatever I can to make amends for their mistakes." He struck his chest firmly, displaying the honor of a warrior.
Allof this is getting too heavy.
Then, I too must ask for forgiveness on behalf of the Selenias.
I always thought it was unfair for us to be the ones sacrificedwhy only us, out of all supernatural beings?" Gabrielle added.
"Now I understand why.
Power comes with responsibilities that we failed to fulfill." A tense silence settled over the room.
Celine helped Zarek to his feet, Quinn embraced his mate, and we comforted our little one.
"I know how to prevent the catastrophe...
I just...
need your support," Sigrid suddenly spoke in a low voice "No," I answered without hesitation.
"Whatever youre thinking ---- "Dad, Ihave to do it!" she grabbed my hands, leaning toward me, her desperation burning in her gaze.
"T have to be the one to wake him up.
I love him, I love him so much...
Hes suffered too much.
I know you hate him, everyone does, hes been misunderstood for millennia.
Hes not the villain." "T won't let you risk yourself like this.
No, Sigrid!" "Dad, if it were Mom, would you let her suffer that way? Would you not save her, no matter the risk?" Her tears started falling again.
My eyes found my mates.
She sighed, nodding, the mist clouding her tired gaze.
I dont want this.
Every fiber of my being resists sending my pup into this fight.
"We will both support her.
When she removes whats left of the seal, all the remaining power of the Selenias will be shared with her.
We'll give you wings to fly, defense, attack, speed...
What remains, from Juno until now, will be yours," Gabrielle assured her.
The thought of my mate getting involved unsettles me even more especially now.
valeria..."" I call her.
She knows exactly what I mean.
"Dm pregnant again.
I have two lycan pups," she announces, caressing her belly.
---- This moment is so bittersweet.
Really? Is that why you felt so different?" Gabrielle immediately approaches, smiling in amazement.
Abit of happiness, at least.
"am I going to be abig sister?" Sigrid hugs her, resting her head on her lap, listening to her belly like she used to as a childback when she didnt question how little wolves were made.
My mate gently strokes her hair, whispering words of encouragement and strength.
Both Selenias embrace her on the bed.
Iglance at Quinn, who meets my eyes.
He is my general, and we have been preparing the entire realm for this battle.
The truth is, I dont know how far this massacre will reach.
Zarek also watches me, nodding.
His undead army is readyhes expanded it several times over the years.
At least I can be certain that, aside from criminals and the condemned, the rest enter their grim contract of death with him of their own free will.
"Sigrid, we will all support youyour family, the entire realm.
We all stand behind you," Celine finally speaks.
###Chapter 501
---- Sigrid nods, sighing.
At least shes no longer screaming like a ---- madwoman.
seek That night, Valeria and I wanted to stay with her, but she said she'd be fine.
She wanted to be alone, and we respected that.
"Baby girl, explain something to me.
You were inside that sorceress ...
Well, it wasnt your real body, but stillwhat did that man do to you? Did he force you into anything? Because if he did, mate or not, Pll tear him" "Dad..." she interrupted, gripping my fists while giving me a small smile.
I know shes pretending to be fine so we wont worry.
"He didnt force me into anything.
I...
Im an adult now.
He and I..." "No! No, dont say it.
Goddess! After all the care Ive given you, some fool just comes along and slobbers over you without me being able to rip him apart?" I groan in frustration.
That Umbros, Silas, or whatever he calls himselfhes going to deal with me when he gets out.
King of the Specters or not, no one touches my daughter just like that.
"Enough tormenting Sigrid.
You were just waiting for me to leave the room.
Lets go." Valeria tugs my hand.
Before we leave, she steps toward Sigrid and ---- gazes at her for a few seconds.
I know exactly what shes feeling.
Just like me, shes afraid that if, we blink, Sigrid will disappear again.
"Mom, Im not going anywhere.
Rest and take care of the babies," Sigrid reassures her, kissing her cheek.
I step closer, and she kisses me too.
I kiss her forehead in return.
I cant get used to this.
I cant believe how quickly shes grown, that shes already willing to leave me for some guy who didnt even change her diapers.
Im jealous.
And that is absurd in this chaotic situation: Why, out of all the women in the world, did my daughter have to be the chosen one? Pm about ready to switch sides with Zarek and start cursing the Goddess Soe NARRATOR Meanwhile, Zarek stood on the railing of the tallest tower in the castle.
His mind drifted through memories of the past, his red pupils contracting, turbulent with emotion.
"Are you planning to stay here all night, trying to fix something you didnt do?" Celines hands slid around his waist, moving up to caress his chest.
###Chapter 502
---- Zarek leaned his back against the softness of her breasts, closing his eyes as he tilted his head to the side, burying himself in her neck, inhaling the intoxicating scent that calmed his mind.
"Now I understand why my mother almost seemed relieved when she was called to sacrifice herself.
She must have felt it was only fair, I supposeher conscience," he confessed to his mate.
One after another, the Goddess only waited for the Selenias to leave behind heirs before calling them to immolate themselves.
She stopped at my niece.
She wasnt called, and then several generations passed before another Selenia was needed." "Maybe at first, she needed more energy to keep him locked away, and later, the prison became stable as the power accumulated." "Whatever the reason, I feel like I did nothing for the elementals either.
I spend my life blaming the Goddess, but no one forced us to make our choices...
Sigrid is right we were scum." "Zarek, enough tormenting yourself," Celine turned him to face her.
"We all carry our mistakes.
Now is your time to fix them.
We have to support Sigrid," she told him, pressing a kiss to his cheek.
"You're always by my side, even if the world collapses, but I cant bear to see anything happen to you.
Do you understand?" Zarek grabbed her by the waist, whispering against her lips, his fears taking shape Then lets fight and win together," Celine wrapped her arms around his neck and let her vampire kiss her deeply, pouring all the ---- intense emotions they felt and shared into it.
They didnt know if this would be the last night they could declare their love.
###Chapter 503
---- 282.
I CAN NO LONGER LOCK HIM UP ALDRIC "I will go to battle with my mother.
We will support Sigrid.
You know I cant just stay here doing nothing," I hear Valerias voice in the darkness as she rests against my chest.
aldric, if that evil cant be contained, there will be no safe place left in this world." We're both ready to sleep, but neither of us can.
Quinn has gone to the lycan lands to oversee their territory.
No one knows when this bomb will explode.
More and more specters keep escaping.
We have to fight them every time they appear.
And each time, they are stronger.
Sigrid told us that the specters left on this earth were nothing compared to the ones still imprisoned.
Thinking about a swarm of those thingsmassive ones, according to herwould make anyones balls tighten.
"Alright.
Even if I locked you up in the dungeon, I know you'd find away to escape," I sigh, pulling her tighter against my chest.
"I just have to protect you with everything I have." ?I just have to protect themmy woman and my pups.
I cant let anything or anyone harm them.? I know Umbros is Sigrids mate, though it still seems unbelievable ---- that the worst nightmare of all supernatural beings is actually the victim of the story.
But victim or not, my family is my priority.
Thope I wont have to make an extreme decisionsigrid would never forgive me.
see NARRATOR When everyone retreated to their rooms, the castle sank into a deep silence.
Each person sought comfort in their mate, sharing fears and worries, drawing strength from one another.
All except one.
Sigrid slipped out of bed and walked to the balcony, opening it silently.
Her white satin and lace nightgown fluttered in the night breeze.
Her short ebony hair gleamed under the silver moonlight.
Barefoot, she stopped at the edge of the balcony, staring into the vast darkness.
She focused on a single point in the distance.
The moment was drawing near; she could feel it deep in her Selenia soul.
Her dim, sorrowful eyes reflected images of himhis fleeting smiles, his sharp, dark gazes, the perpetual furrow of his brow.
Everything reminded her of Silas.
###Chapter 504
---- To her, it had only been hours, though for everyone else, millennia had passed.
"Soon, my love.
We will see each other very soon." seb A few days later, Quinn stood in the War Room.
That was the name they had given to the chamber where the leaders gathered to organize the troopsvampires, werewolves, and battle-ready sorcerers.
In recent years, uniting them under a single realm had been excruciatingly difficult.
Old grudges still lingered, but under the power and authority of the Lycan Kingand after a few "lessons" no one dared to rebel anymore.
"Behind the undead army, you can position the vampires and lycans.
The sorcerers arent effective in close combat; they're better at range," Zarek argued with Aldric over the strategy table.
It was late, well past midnight.
Everyone was exhausted, but time was running out.
Quinns mind was restlesssomething was wrong with Gabrielle, he could feel it.
He was about to leave to check on her when a sharp pain stabbed through his chest.
"Quinn!" Aldric shouted as he saw him collapse to the ground.
---- Dave, beside him, caught him quickly.
Every lycan in the roomthe leaders of the wolf factionslooked on in alarm.
"Its Gabrielle.
Somethings wrong," Quinn muttered, staggering to his feet, ignoring everyone's protests as he bolted down the hallway.
As he rounded a corner, he heard hurried footsteps approaching Gabrielles room.
"somethings wrong with my mother!" Valeria appeared, her face tense, wrapping a shawl over her sleepwear.
Quinn stormed into the dark room like a whirlwind, kicking the door open "Baby, whats wrong? Gabrielle, love, whats happening?" he rushed to the bed, holding her.
She sat upright, the white sheets twisted around her waist, her head lowered, long hair veiling her face, silent.
When Quinn lifted her face, he saw something astonishing one of her dull, gray eyes was slowly turning blue, regaining its vitality.
valeria gasped, covering her mouth in shock.
At that moment, Aldric and Zarek entered the room, their eyes widening at the incredible sight.
The seal...
its breaking.
Thats why Ive regained some of my power.
I cant...
[cant hold it anymore..." Gabrielle whispered, her ---- breath ragged, her body drenched in sweat.
She fixed her gaze on her daughter.
"Tts time, Valeria." "Tt seems the hour has come, Lycan King," Zarek murmured to Aldric, who held Valeria tightly by the shoulders.
They both shared the same grim expression as everyone else in the room.
")m ready, Father.
More than ready." Sigrid stepped into the room, clad in golden warrior armor, reminiscent of the kind Silas used to forge with his magic.
Her short hair was partially tied back, and her stance radiated unwavering determination.
Her focused, resolute eyes left no doubtshe was willing to do whatever it took to bring her mate back.
###Chapter 505
---- 283.
THE SECRET KINGDOM NARRATOR Beyond iron bars, powerful magic, seals, and chainsfar past the Isle of the Selenias and the dark mist, beyond the storm clouds and spectral screamsan entire civilization had survived.
One that was believed to be extinct.
Baltazar, the Regent of the Realm, was deep in a meeting with his advisors when the grand doors of the hall burst open, and one of the guards stumbled in, his face pale with panic.
"T hope what you have to say is a matter of life and death," he said coldly, his sharp brown eyes locking onto the trembling man.
"Y-Your Lordship...
weve received all kinds of reports from the kingdoms borders," the man stammered.
"T-The..." speak, damn it!" "The boundary mist is receding!" the guard blurted out in one breath, sweat dripping down his face.
Baltazar immediately grasped the gravity of the situation.
He bolted from his chair, storming onto the balcony and shoving the heavy doors open.
His wise eyes scanned the skythe thick, dark clouds that barely allowed any light to filter through were shifting rapidly in one direction.
The winds howled furiously, and in the distance, thunder cracked, ---- mingled with voices and whispers carried by the storm.
He remembered the dream he had just nights ago, the one where the King had spoken to him.
Baltazar had thought it was just his imaginationhe had never seen the King before.
For millennia, they had always known they had a King.
They themselves had chosen him, the one who kept them safe from danger, from supernatural monsters Those horrible, unnatural, undesirable beings that had no place in the society they had built over thousands of years, finally flourishing as a powerful kingdom.
A kingdom bom from a secluded elemental village deep in the mountains.
"General!" he called out, storming back into the hall.
His red robe, embroidered with golden sigils, gleamed against the perpetual darkness that ruled these hidden lands.
"Prepare the army! We are in a state of maximum alert! Protect the civilians, notify all the duchies and their soldiersevery corner of the realm must be informed!" He began issuing orders left and right.
After all, this was his dutyto carry out the will of the King, their highest deity.
"sir, may Task...
what exactly is happening?" the General questioned.
"The Elemental Realm is about to go to war.
His Majesty is preparing to cross the barrier," Baltazar said with absolute ---- conviction, now certain that his dream had been real.
A wave of realization swept through the room.
The fear of the unknown thickened the air.
Far above them, amidst the vortex of raging, dark currents that nearly blocked out the sun and moon, a silhouette took form in the swirling shadows.
Golden eyes opened slowly, their fury as alive as it had been millennia ago.
He had survived.
Of course, he had.
The hatred in his heart was too greatno Goddess would dictate his fate.
He would become his own god.
His golden pupils constricted, momentarily confused.
There was something else in his mind, a name repeating in an endless loop.
He couldnt quite remember.
Sigrid.
What did the word Sigrid mean to him?
###Chapter 506
---- The forest surrounding the dark lake had been cleared.
Much had changed since the last disaster caused by the war between Gabrielle and Kael, the former Vampire King.
The warriors had mobilized across a vast fleetships stretched to ---- the horizon, carrying troops, primarily vampires and sorcerers.
No one wanted to waste even a sliver of magic or power on unnecessary things; they didnt know how much they would need to stay alive.
The lycans and werewolves advanced through the forests and the surrounding lands.
The sorcerers' village was evacuatedno civilians remained nearby.
The sounds of snarls and rapid footsteps echoed through the trees; the clanking of armor, hushed murmurs laced with anticipation.
Each clan bore its colors, each faction stood proudly under its banner.
Their sigils billowed in the strong winds sweeping from the restless dark mist hovering over the lakes depths.
The army of the Nocturne Realm was marching toward the first war they had ever fought togethera battle between supernatural beings and elementals.
Though for them, it was simply against the King of Specters.
"Js that the Dark Princes undead army?" a sorcerer asked a vampire.
"Yes.
Impressive, isnt it? I feel much more confident with them at the front," the vampire replied, nodding.
The tension was suffocating.
"The King is at the front lines with the Lycan Guardians," a werewolf proudly remarked.
---- All eyes turned toward the vanguard.
Among the restless spirits of the undeadcreatures who knew no fear of death and were nearly trembling with excitement for this bloody battlemassive Alpha wolves prowled, towering lycans in their beast forms.
At the very front, an enormous and imposing man stood atop the highest hill, surveying his army.
His fiery red hair was tied in a thick braid, his black and gold armor gleaming in the dim light, his face marked with intricate red battle sigils, distinct to lycans.
"SOLDIERS OF MY REALM!" suddenly, a commanding voice rang through the hearts of thousands of supernatural beings.
Aheavy silence fell.
Aldric Thome had proven over the years that he was a leader worth following and obeying.
TODAY, WE FIGHT FOR OUR SURVIVAL.
NOT AGAINST AN ENEMY WE MUST DEFEAT, BUT AGAINST ONE WE MUST CONVINCE!" No one fully understood what the King meant, and Aldric had no intention of explaining.
There were only two paths here: either Sigrid worked a miracle, or they all died together.
---- "SO GUARD YOUR LIVES AND PROTECT THIS BORDER, BECAUSE BEHIND IT, ONLY OUR LOVED ONES REMAIN! THERE ARE NO OPTIONSONLY VICTORY!" "VICTORY! VICTORY! VICTORY!" they roared in response, their battle cries shaking the land for miles.
Then suddenly, in the midst of their fervor, in the fire of the courage their leader had ignited, a monstrous, guttural sound rumbled through the airso deep, so furious, that the earth trembled, and the trees shuddered.
Flocks of birds fled in terror, animals scattered, sensing the malevolence saturating the air.
###Chapter 507
---- 284.
GAINING TIME NARRATOR Aldric turned, watching as the dark mist began to stir violently.
Whirlwinds formed within it, spiraling upward into the sky, stretching to cover everything above them.
Daylight, suddenly, seemed to be swallowed by the darknessonly fear and shadow remained, seething with hatred and vengeance.
The waters of the lake churned restlessly, blackening, as if veins.
spread across the surface, weaving a web of corruption.
The lake began to harden, solidifying it was the last barrier separating them from whatever was about to emerge from that prison.
azarot, we must give our pup as much time as possible." Standing atop the hill, Aldrics storm-gray eyes flickered toward the rear ranks, away from the danger of the front lines, behind the army.
There, the three Selenias were waiting for their moment.
He and his army had to buy them time.
And if she fails, Aldric? I wont just stand by and watch her be in danger." "If she fails, we have no choice but to face the King of Specters.
For all our sakes, I hope he remembers his mate." ---- see "Mother!" "Do not leave your position, Valeria! No matter what happens, do not move!" Gabrielle shouted as her daughter took a step toward her.
Her chest achedyears, centuries of holding back, of enduring, had worn her down She had nothing left to give.
They stood on the slope of a distant mountain, a vantage point offering a panoramic view of the battlefield.
Valeria watched her mother anxiouslyand even more so, her daughter.
She prayed to the Goddess, hoping that, at long last, she would forgive the sins of the Selenias.
No one here was without fault, not even the Deity.
"['m fine, Valeria.
Stay focused, or this could go very wrong." Valeria nodded bravely.
Sigrid, prepare yourself! I will recover all the power of the selenias, and then your mother and I will pass it on to you," Gabrielle declared to her granddaughter, who stood positioned before them.
Sigrid clenched her fists, more than ready.
---- The three of them formed a triangle, with Sigrid at the spears tip, standing at the edge of the battlefield.
Her gaze remained fixed on the dark, hostile horizon.
Then, Gabrielle began to chant the ancient incantations.
Golden and black magic swirled around her, and suddenly, flocks of ravens appeared from nowhere, circling above the Selenias and the warriors, cawing in urgent, warning cries.
Danger was approaching, "Kryssal anthor mael, Selenia venath mor tallen savir! Selenia venath mor tallen savir! TALLEN SAVIR!" Gabrielle called forth the power of hundreds of Selenias, summoning them home again and again.
Quinn listened, standing in his formidable lyean form, his heart clenched tight, giving her all his strength through their bond.
The sun vanished completely.
Through the storm clouds, streaks of silver moonlight began to pierce through, forcing their way in, breaking the darkness apart.
Valeria and Sigrids voices joined Gabrielle's.
Over and over, their prayers rose into the heavens.
The runic circle beneath their feet ignited in radiant light.
The wind carried their enchantments, and everyone could hear them.
###Chapter 508
---- The power surged through the mist, guiding its way to the shattered door.
The nearly lifeless heart of the Seleniastheir sacred jewel began to throb violently, as if it were beating, as if it were about to explode.
"Selenia venath mor tallen savir! TALLEN SAVIR!!!" BOOOOMMM! With a devastating explosion, the Selenias jewel shattered.
Its fragments transformed into dazzling golden beams of light, streaking across the battlefield, drawn toward the call of their descendants.
They tore through the mist and the darkness, illuminating the lake like a beacon of hope.
The lights soared above the army, who gazed in stunned silence at the spectacle.
The raw energy wrapped around the three Selenias, forming a protective dome that shielded their figures, radiating a glow so intense that no one could bear to look directly at it.
Inside that overwhelming power, they absorbed the energy, strengthening themselves, filtering it carefully feeding it, little by little, into Sigrid.
Such an immense surge of power could destroy her if not handled with precision.
---- Aldric looked into the distance, his gaze warm for amomentonly for it to turn glacial as he turned to face the approaching threat.
The time had come.
The roars, the bone-chilling screams, and the twisted laughter echoing from within the mist confirmed his worst fearthe prison was open.
The specters were free The war horns blared, shaking the forest.
simultaneously, grotesque creatures of darkness began to emerge from the abyss of the black smokemassive beasts and colossal humanoid figures, forged from pure, malignant energy.
A giant hand shot forth at terrifying speed, its claws poised to rip through the front lines.
The enormous redhead leaped from the heights.
His clothes tore in midair as his skin erupted into a sleek coat of jet ~black fur.
His muscles swelled with raw, monstrous strength.
Fangs bared, claws sharpenedhe braced for battle.
His roar thundered through the battlefield, shaking even the bravest of warriors.
He clashed against the monstrous hand, defending his people with unyielding courage.
A monstrous wail of pain ripped through the air as the specter reeled back.
Then, its horrid head emerged, followed by the rest of its nightmarish form.
Behind it, more and more specters clawed their way into the world, ---- forming a terrifying army.
With war cries of their own, the mighty lycans and undead charged toward the enemy, clashing head-on with the first wave of specters.
Wolves and vampires followed behind, their movements swift and lethal, their power and reflexes at their peak.
Meanwhile, the sorcerers worked tirelessly from a distance, weaving protective barriers and shielding the ranks.
The battlefield had been designed for direct combateven against these seemingly immortal entities of raw energy.
Everything was fair game.
Everything was about buying seconds and minutes...
Time for the King of Specters to appear.
Time for Sigrid to absorb the full power of the Selenias and face him.
###Chapter 509
---- 285.
FATHER-IN-LAW VS.
SON-IN-LAW NARRATOR Celine watched the battle from a distance.
Her role was to protect the three Selenias from any surprise attacks.
Even though she knew her mate was incredibly powerful, that he had an army of fearless soldiers willing to die for him, she couldnt help but worry.
"Mother, dont overexert yourself!" Valerias shout snapped her out of her intense focus on the bloody battle unfolding beneath her feet.
"Grandmother!" "Keep the incantation going! I can handle it! We're at the critical pointcome on, Valeria, fight for your daughter, take control!" Through the iridescent veil surrounding the Selenias, Celine heard Gabrielles urgent command.
Blood stained the corners of her lips, yet her eyes shone vibrantly with the blue of her youth.
Her sight had returned, and the scars on her face had faded as the power she had long lost surged back into her body.
Valeria closed her eyes and took command of the spell.
Her mother had already exhausted herself.
Celine watched as raven wings began sprouting from Valerias ---- body, like feathers rising into the air, crackling with golden magic.
Those feathers transformed into even larger, more ferocious ravens, their cries frenzied and wild.
They absorbed the power of the Selenias and turned golden.
NOW, SIGRID!" Valeria roared, sending them all toward her daughter.
Her mother followed with a battle cry, holding back just enough energy for herself and the unborn pups.
The hair on Celines nape stood on end as she took in the awe- inspiring sight.
Golden lightning arced violently through Sigrids body.
Her boots lifted from the ground, her eyes shut, her head tilted upward, her black hair swirling in the air, crackling with magic.
A linding explosion of light forced Celine to avert her gaze, and at the same time, a shockwave of power slammed her into the rocky mountainside.
Blood burst from her lips as the impact stunned her, but she quickly pushed herself up, ready for an attack.
Except the attack hadnt even reached this areait was happening miles ahead.
"Goddess, what is this crushing weight on my chest?" she thought, struggling for breath.
"If I feel like this from so far away, what must it be like at the vanguard?" She squinted into the distance.
---- Through the violent clashes between specters and supernatural warriors, she finally spotted itKing Aldric was battling what appeared to be aman.
Aman who exuded an aura of invincibility.
ad ALDRIC "BEOF!" I roared, hurling one of those disgusting specters aside as I saw the massive white lycan crash into the ground like he weighed nothing.
He was badly injured.
How? Just moments ago, he was fine.
And standing over him, a man pressed him down with a single foot.
Black armor, thick and unyielding, encased his entire body like an impenetrable shell.
From his back, enormous clawslike giant pincersextended outward, twitching.
His face...
it was hidden behind a black, skull-like mask.
Ithad to be him.
That suffocating power could only belong to Umbros.
###Chapter 510
---- His face...
it was hidden behind a black, skull-like mask.
Ithad to be him.
That suffocating power could only belong to Umbros.
The dark creatures around him went wild, launching themselves at us with renewed fury.
When had he arrived? How? I didnt know.
But as he lifted his hands, a long, shadow-wrapped spear ---- materialized between them.
He gripped it tightly, poised to strike down.
Tlunged at him without hesitationif I waited, Beof would die in an instant, and I knew it.
My lycan roared in unison with me, Azarot and I fully synchronized in our assault.
My claws were mere inches from his armorI was fast, deadly.
And yet, in a blink, he vanished.
My attack sliced through nothing but swirling darkness "ALDRIC, BEHIND YOU!" I threw myself to the ground without a second thought.
Heat seared across my back, singeing the fur of my lycan form.
"shit, hes too fast," I cursed, my focus flickering toward Beof, unconscious and too close to danger.
suddenly, undead hands clawed up from the ground, dragging him away from the battle.
Thanks, Zarek." I barely had time to acknowledge it.
1 didnt even know if he heard meI had bigger problems.
My lycan twisted and dodged repeatedly, narrowly evading the spears deadly strikes The tip radiated lethal, venomous energy.
---- Damnit, I gritted my teeth.
The worst part is that Im sweating, while hes just toying with me.
He was testing me, analyzing my fighting style.
"Grrr!" I growled as the spear pierced through my shoulder.
Thad let my guard down for just a second.
Just long enough to get close.
I only needed one opportunity.
My steel claws shot toward the weak spot I had been studyingthe gap between his mask and his neck.
lunged forward, knowing it could cost me my arm.
My other hand burned from the corrosive magic as I gripped the spear, keeping it from burrowing deeper into my wound.
My lycan bared his deadly fangs, my claws just millimeters away an imminent strike.
But every instinct in me screamed, blaring like war horns.
"DAMN IT, ALDRIC! GET BACK! HIS BACK CLAWS ARE ABOUT TO STRIKE!" Azarot surged forward, pushing our body to its absolute limits.
We moved, but I knewwe couldnt dodge this completely.
"Tf you're taking me down, bastard, Im taking you with me! This is for touching my daughter, you damn pervert!" I roared, bracing for the pain, for the blades curving toward me, ready to rip into my back.
---- My claws finally struck, digging into his mask, cracking its hardened shell.
And my fangs lunged for his throat, ignoring the agony of the spear wound and the deadly attack closing in on me.
I didnt even have time to glimpse his face.
I was going to rip him apart.
I wasnt trying to kill himI didnt think I could with this strike.
But I was going to take a piece of him with me.
Then, ina flash, golden sparks blazed in my lycans pupils, contracting at the sudden burst of brilliance.
Itall happened in an instant.
Magic threads wove around me, yanking me away from Umbros, flinging me far from his attack.
###Chapter 511
---- 286, LIGHT VS.
SHADOW ALDRIC Limmediately sat up, slightly dazed by the jolt.
On the grass and earth, stained with blood and sweat, death and dark shadows, I remained alert, watching what had just happened.
A warrior clad in golden armor, enormous raven-like golden wings on her back, and two gleaming swords raised above her head, was holding off the attack aimed at my back.
Her short hair moved wildly, her eyes locked onto her targether mate.
I could feel the intense emotions surging through her heart.
"Sigrid, I'll give you the chance you asked for, but if I see you in danger even once..." "It wont happen, Father.
He will recognize me.
Do not intervene, please...
trust me." She assured me, and all I could do was place my trust ina love I didnt even understand.
That man who radiated pure evil and hatred...
how could he be the owner of so much light? I roared, launching myself at the nearest specter, releasing my fury and helplessness.
At least I had confirmed that my woman and my pups were safe, resting on the mountain far from danger.
Take care of her, Aldric, please...
take care of our daughter." ---- I will, my queen.
Even if it costs me my life, I will." ee NARRATOR Sigrid held her hands high, the full power of the Selenias pulsing through her veins, her entire body a sharpened weapon, ready to kill.
And yet, she tremblednot out of fear.
Her eyes began to redden at the sight of him.
Part of the mask had fallen to the ground from Aldrics attack, but he could rebuild it.
Still, he had frozen for amoment.
Amid the fierce battle, the screams, the roars, the stench of death and blood, that abyss-like eye had fixated on the woman.
Who was she? A threat, without a doubt.
She was holding off his attack with ease.
And yet, why...
why did she look so pained, and why did a tear roll down those beautiful eyes? ?No, no, no.
She's a damn witch.
Worse yet, shes a Selenia! She must be playing tricks on his mind.
Those wretched creatures would never imprison him again!? He roared, summoning the most powerful spear, and charged at her, blinded by hatred.
###Chapter 512
---- Dark mist surged around him, daggers and spikes materializing out of nowhere and hurling toward Sigrid.
"Silas, its me, its Sigrid!" she kept shouting as she defended herself.
Round shields of golden runes appeared in the air around her, absorbing the vicious magic Silas threw at her.
He didnt seem to recognize her, but she would make him remember.
BAM! BAM! BAM! Each time their blades clashed against the spear, golden and black sparks erupted.
Dangerous thunderbolts began striking down from the dark clouds.
The specters shrieked in excitement.
Their mastertheir master was fighting a creature far too powerful.
?Devour, devour, devour? That was the only thing on their minds, despite having spent millennia slowly corroding and absorbing the power of the Selenias ? seal, weakening it until a new sacrifice was made every hundred years.
?My love...
my Silas...
you are mine...
Sigrid...
lam Sigrid...
please, Silas, come back to me? Those words lodged themselves into Umbros' mind, and he couldnt shake them off, even if he wanted to.
---- A dull pain raged in the deep hole within his chest, a void that was never filled.
And yet, every time he exchanged blows with that woman, his whole being trembled.
He never hurt herhe wanted to, but he couldn't! ?Why was she speaking to me like a lover?!? That name haunted his nightmares, lost in the endless darkness.
Sigrid, his light.
?No, no, no.
Itsa trick, a lie!? "SHUT UP!!!" he roared, shaking the world.
Enormous wings burst from his back like thick mist.
Silas would end her, once and for all.
He couldnt bear this pain in his chest.
His mind was too clouded.
She was confusing him.
The clouds twisted under his command.
They moved at high speed, forming whirlwinds with purple and black lightning surging inside them.
A deadly storm was brewing.
Sigrid looked up at the towering man.
The mask had fallen completely in one of her strikes, revealing his beautiful faceone eye entirely black, the other golden like the sun.
Nothing could do justice to the dark beauty of her mate.
Silas watched her with that same macabre, obsessive intensity he always had.
But Sigrid knewSilas didnt fully recognize her in his heart.
His hatred was so immense that it had drowned out his memories, ---- the ones she had built with so much pain and sacrifice.
All at once, the sky tore open, and acidic rain threatened to fall.
###Chapter 513
---- 287.
[REMEMBER YOU NARRATOR Sigrid knew it even before it touched her skinit was pure poison.
She raised her hand, and hundreds of ravens flooded the dark shadows, piercing through the storm, merging into one another, hardening to form a giant shield that protected her people.
But the shield was flawedit had a gaping hole, right above her.
Sigrid, what are you doing?!" Aldric roared, trying to rush to her aid, but his daughter completely blocked him with a barrier.
Froma distance, Valeria watched in panic as the power of the Selenias, the very power they had worked so hard to refine and gather, protected the armybut not her daughter.
"Sigrid, no, daughter, no, please," she began to cry, calling to her through their bond, but Sigrid didn't hear her.
She only looked at the man above her.
"Tam yours, and you are mine.
You are not Umbros, nor Grayyou are Silas.
Only my Silas," her lips trembled with the last syllables, whispered softly, but she knew he could hear her.
The black droplets were falling harder.
Danger was closing in.
suddenly, Umbros began to grow restless.
?Why isnt she protecting herself? What is she trying to prove? Protect yourself, Selenia, do it! Guard yourself against my darkness! CREATE A SHIELD FOR YOURSELF!? ---- Panic completely overtook him as he watched the corrosive rain fall toward her.
This was what he wanted, wasnt it? But the thought of this woman getting hurt drove him madmore than he already was "Aaahhh!!!" he roared in fury, flapping his wings and driving away the rain that was about to fall on Sigrid.
It was unbelievable.
The storm poured heavily over this part of the forest.
The acid foamed against the massive shield surrounding the supernatural army.
Even the specters weakened under the Selenias power.
And yet, in one single spot, the rain did not fall.
Not a single drop of malevolence touched Sigrid.
Her heart pounded like wild horses galloping in the wind.
No matter how much he denied ithis soul resonated with hers.
Silas began to feel fear.
True fear.
This spell...
he couldnt resist it.
He couldnt.
He flapped his wings.
He had to get away from her influence, from the enchantment that was calling him so powerfully.
But Sigrid wouldnt let him escape.
His black and golden pupils constricted at the explosion of light, as if thousands of golden raven feathers were shining around him.
###Chapter 514
---- Silas felt her presencethe warmth approaching.
He wanted to fight, but then arms wrapped around him in the air.
That Selenia was attacking him head-on, and he had frozen.
So much hatred for what? So many years waiting for his revenge, only to be trapped in a single moment.
His eyes widened in shock as he found her beautiful face mere inches from his.
He got lost in the gray of her gaze, a gaze that was devouring him.
Her full, sensual lips parted to speak.
"Silas, I love you.
I love you so much.
Remember me, my mate, please...
remember our love." Her voice was soft.
His dark heart skipped a beat.
He struggled, tried to break freehe had tobut how could he resist when the only thing he truly wanted was to surrender? The killing blow was coming, he knew it.
She leaned in and...
did.
did she kiss him?! She...
she kissed him!! Umbros froze, rigid, almost forgetting to move his wings to stay afloat, his entire world spinning.
The warmth of her wet lips began to move against his cold ones.
With wide eyes, he watched her.
She closed hers, glistening with tears, and pulled him against her chest, which throbbed steadily alive.
---- A dark and golden magic surged from within her, seeping into him, invading every pore, reaching his raging energy, exploring it, intertwining, remembering.
He hated being kissed he bit, he spat, he had even been muzzled like a beast but now...
now that sinful mouth taking him by force tasted like pure glory.
The Specter Kings eyelids grew heavy, little by little.
His breath became labored.
A soft moan escaped her lips, and his curious tongue slipped inside, tasting her, exploring her, inhaling her intoxicating scent.
His hands moved on their own, reaching for her narrow waist, pulling her flush against him, possessive and dominant.
Their black and golden wings beat in the air, keeping them afloat.
Mist began to coil around Silas, hiding him, while on the other side, Selenias magic enveloped Sigrid in a radiant glow.
Light and darknessboth forming a perfect circle, creating a space that existed only for them.
"Sigrid," he whimpered, as if in unbearable pain.
His fingers clenched tightly around her golden armor.
His other hand rose to her black hair, gripping it in a possessive fist.
His lips began to devour hers with desperation, with hunger.
The memories...
those beautiful, tormenting memories surged through his mind like a flood ---- The essence of your magic, your being I recognize it." "My lady...
my lover...
my vengeance...
my woman...
my mate...
you are my Sigrid, you are mine, my Selenia..." Tears of blood streamed from Silass eyes as he clung to herhis only light in so much darkness Tremember you."
###Chapter 515
---- 288.
DADDY LYCAN JEALOUS NARRATOR They laughed and cried; they looked like two crazed lovers who had missed each other for an eternity.
"]...
this is my true form, I am...
1 am like this," Sigrid whispered against his lips, her cheeks flushed.
She could no longer hide behind Electras body; now, she was completely herself, in body and soul.
"T know...
I dreamed of you so many times, and none of them did you justice.
Nothing does justice to your beauty.
You are...
simply perfect," Silas traced her full lower lip with his finger, swallowing hard as desire rekindled in his body.
His eager eyes roamed her delicate features, her porcelain-like skin, her expressive, luminous eyes.
His hands caressed her smooth back, gripped her narrow waist, pulling her against him, feeling her curves, aching to touch her skin beneath the armor.
Their gazes locked, charged with passion, their breaths tangled.
Sigrid felt slightly embarrassed; Silas, on the other hand, could only think about kissing her, about claiming her as his, never letting her go again.
They forgot about the war and the battle raging outside the enclosed space created by their magic.
---- They forgot...
about a massive lycan who was practically breathing fire like a dragon.
Silas lowered his head, ready to taste those sweet lips again, when suddenly a dull impact struck against the magical barrier, like a giant egg surrounding them, now trembling.
"Theyre attacking us, Sigrid...!" "No!" Sigrid grabbed him, guessing his intentions.
Silas had now switched into full protective, possessive mode, but she had a pretty good idea who was causing the commotion.
BOOM! BOOM! Two more impacts slammed against the barrier, followed by a deafening roar from an enraged lycan outside "stop your specters, Silas.
Look at me, my love," she cupped his face in her hands.
"Silas, thats my people.
That lycan roaring like a madman...
hes my father." Sigrid said it with an awkward smile, slightly embarrassed, but she would be even more so when she faced what was coming next.
She had forgotten how possessive her beloved lycan wasand now she also had a mate even more toxic than the acid rain that was finally ceasing outside.
Your father...2" Silas repeated, frowning.
"Is that the powerful lycan I fought?"
###Chapter 516
---- She nodded, sighing.
---- "He's throwing my specters like ragdolls against our magic..." Silas raised an eyebrow, seeing his minions outside, flying through the air from the claws of a hellish beast.
SIGRID, I KNOW YOU CAN HEAR ME! YOU HAVE TWO DAMN SECONDS TO COME OUT!" Selenia jolted at Aldrics roar.
It felt like getting caught red-handed as a child doing something she wasnt supposed to.
Meanwhile, across the entire battlefield, in an instant, claws, fangs, spears, shieldsall attacks and defensescollided against the dark mist, which suddenly dissipated, The monsters that had terrorized them melted into nothingness.
The sky slowly began to clear, letting the moonlight break through, while the thunder and corrosive rain came to a halt.
The world, which had seemed on the brink of collapse just moments ago, breathed with renewed hope.
The incredulous faces of men and wolves, smeared with blood and grime, turned to each other in disbelief.
Some ran toward the fallen and wounded, checking the casualties; others broke into manic laughter, the joy of survival consuming them.
Or at least, thats what they thought, right? Had they truly convinced the invincible enemy? ---- That manthe one the Selenian princess...
kissed? Now that they thought about it, this was the most insane situation in the universe.
What was she doing kissing the enemy? Did she plan to kill him with kisses? But it worked...
didnt it? It didnt matteronly the results did.
The monster Umbros, the King of the Specters who had haunted their nightmares, now stood before themof flesh and blood.
A man, yes, powerful, but still just aman.
Someone in the crowd prepared to scream in triumph, to roar in victoryonly to have their mouth snap shut at the sheer force of the Lycan Kings furious bellow.
Every eye on the battlefield turned toward the frontlines, where that massive black and gold sphere floating in the air was beginning to dissipate.
Jobb Aldric thought he might drop dead on the spot.
They locked themselves away just to grope each other right in his face! That bastard, seducing his innocent daughter.
GET DOWN HERE RIGHT NOW, SIGRID! DONT MAKE ME REPEAT MYSELF" he roared furiously.
His sharp eyes zeroed in on the possessive male hand gripping his babys waistand her swollen lips.
Aldric gritted his teeth, barely restraining himself from launching ---- straight at the damn specter.
"Dad, The moment Sigrids boots touched the ground, her arm was yanked roughly, and Aldric pulled her behind his back, shielding her.
Silas tooka step forward.
Father or not, she was his mateno one would separate him from his woman! But Sigrid frantically gestured behind Aldrics back, silently pleading for him to stay put, to be patient.
"Sigrid, stop fooling around behind me," Aldrics cold voice made her stiffen instantly.
She loved her father, but when he was this angry, only her mother could calm him down.
King of the Specters..." My name is Silas." "I dont give a damn about your name.
Withdraw your specters and all this dark magic invading the borders of my realm, or we will continue fighting." Their gazes locked, brimming with hostility.
###Chapter 517
---- 289.
MY WIFE IS THE BOSS NARRATOR Aldric knew very well that, despite his strength, he was no match to kill this mansomeone even the Selenias feared.
But he would never bow his head to anyone.
"Give me my woman, and you can keep your stupid realm.
I have no interest in the rotten lands of supernatural beings." Sigrid nearly had a heart attack.
She had forgotten how blunt Silas could be "YOUR WOMAN?! Well see about that! You havent even asked for her hand, and yet you dare to slobber all over her right in front of me!" Aldrics claws gleamed as they suddenly extended.
The dark fur of the lycan began reappearing over his human body, which was barely covered in rags.
"Everyone calm down, please, Dad..." Sigrid intervened, pressing against Aldrics chest with all her strength.
She looked like a small doll next to her fathers monstrous height and bulging muscles.
This standoff wasnt leading anywhere.
No one was willing to back down.
Meanwhile, Quinn rushed off to ensure the protection of the women, and Zarek, despite his reluctance and concern for Celine, stayed behind to organize the troops.
---- Seeing that everyone was too engrossed in the dramatic scene, he impatiently ordered them to move their asses and stop gawking like a bunch of gossiping old women.
Still, the warriors who remained near the front lines perked up their ears and glanced sideways while tending to the wounded, unwilling to miss a single detail.
Was this really the terrifying Umbros? How had he turned out to be the mate of their Selenian princess? Some watched him with hatred, others with vengeful intent, but most of them were afraid.
And fear commanded respect.
None dared to underestimate him, even if he now looked like nothing more than the princess's obedient pup.
The destructive power of this man had left an imprint on their memories.
A bloody battle to the death had suddenly turned into the royal familys personal drama.
"Your daughter and I are in love.
She is my mate.
[want your blessing because it matters to Sigrid, but if you dont give it.." "and if I dont, what...
pretty boy?" Aldric took another step forward, dragging Sigrid along with him.
Silass eye twitched at the sight of his Selenias hands pressing against another mans chestfather or not.
And what the hell was with this kid and boy nonsense? When.
---- lycans were still pissing in diapers, he had already existed in this world.
"Then I'll take her by force," Silas replied without hesitation.
"MOM, HELP!" Sigrid screamed in her mind.
###Chapter 518
---- Her fathers chest rumbled with dangerous growls, while Silass dark magic coiled, sharp and eager for battle.
"Move aside, Sigrid.
If I dont break your mates damn snout today, I won't be able to sleep in peace," Aldric said, his eyes flashing red.
His massive fangs extended menacingly.
Bones stretched, muscles tensed, veins bulged and pulsed violently over the Lycan Kings biceps.
"Dad, no, please.
Silas, damn it, youre not helping either! Im seriously getting pissed off!" she yelled at her mate, spinning to glare at him furiously.
Silas hesitated, tense.
He didnt like defying herhe knew he was being a bit irrational.
Damn it! But he wasnt used to sharing her with anyone, especially not now that they had reunited.
Aldric suddenly shoved Sigrid aside, catching her off guard.
His agile legs launched him straight at the daughter-stealing bastard.
Silas wavered.
He didnt want to fight himSigrid would be furious.
He had already fought her father and injured him.
What was he supposed to do now? ---- But before those two monsters could collide, a delicate mist floated in front of Silas and transformed into a breathtaking woman with long black hair, her back to him.
Her mere presence was enough to stop the enormous lycan in his tracks, his deadly fangs freezing mere inches from the stern face of the Selenian Queen.
shift back.
Right now," Valeria ordered through gritted teeth, visibly angry.
They had talked about this at home, and yet he had tossed all her advice right out of those massive balls he carried.
"But Vale, that bastard was kissing Sigrid, hidden inside there! Who knows what else he did to her!" "SHIFT.
RIGHT.
NOW, ALDRIC THORNE!" she roared, hands on.
her hips, trying to keep her voice in his mind despite her anger so the entire realm wouldnt hear that the almighty Lycan King was ruled by his wife.
Too late.
All eyes were watching with rapt fascination.
With an annoyed huff, Aldric began to shift back, grabbing the piece of cloth discarded on the ground.
"Darling, this is all that idiots fault.
I told him we should talk civilly." Oh, you son of a bitch, Azarot, you were the first to rile me up!" Both of you, shut up.
We'll talk at home." ---- Valeria turned toward her caveman of a husbandwho sometimes leaned way too much into the cave partbefore shifting her gaze to her nervous daughter.
Mama, he...
he is my mate.
This is Silas," Sigrid sighed in relief, nearly on the verge of tears at the sight of Valeria stepping in.
She grabbed Silas by the arm and pulled him forward toward her mother.
Aldric, standing behind Valeria, shot the white-haired man.
murderous glares.
"silas, 'm glad youve finally awakened from your slumber.
Sigrid was very worried about you.
I am the Selenian Queen, Valeria Von Carstein," Valeria spoke as gently as she could.
The moment words like Selenia, Von Carstein, Queen were spoken, Silass frown deepened further and further.
He eyed the soft hand extended toward him, hesitating.
###Chapter 519
---- 290.
ARE WE AT WAR OR NOT? NARRATOR Even though Silas knew she was his mates mother, that she wasnt responsible for his suffering, every fiber of his being rebelled against showing even a shred of courtesy to another Seleniaanyone who wasnt his Sigrid, A low growl rumbled behind Valeria.
Aldric was barely restraining himself.
How dare he show such disrespect to Valeriathe very woman who had brought his mate into this world? Sigrid also looked at him anxiously.
More than anyone, she understood him, but that didnt mean she liked his dismissive behavior toward her mother.
"Silas..." Its fine, pup.
He needs time.
I understand his fears very well..." Valeria wasnt offended in the slightest.
She was about to lower her hand, which had been extended in the air for some time, but suddenly, a larger, colder one tookit.
Thank you for giving birth to her," Silas said, clumsily returning the greeting, Lam the only one blessed by that," Valeria smiled, gazing affectionately at her daughter.
---- Sigrid couldnt help but step into her mothers embrace, nestling against her chest.
She loved her parents, her familyshe had always been everyone's little girl.
Thank you, Mama...
thank you, Dad," she lifted her head, giving Aldric a look as pitiful as an abandoned pup.
He huffed but ultimately wrapped his arms around them from behind, pulling Valeria close against his broad chest as well.
Where no one could see, the Kings sharp eyes bore into the white- haired bastard standing before him.
He'd find a way to get back at him later.
?They are mine, you bastard? "Aldric..." Valeria could feel all the dark intentions swirling in her mate's mind.
"My King, you need to speak to the warriors," Valeria released Sigrid and focused on reminding her husband of his dutieshe needed to stop wasting time acting like an immature fool.
"Mom needs to rest.
Lets all go to the palace.
Now that the worst has passed, its time for unity, Aldric." are the pups safe?" Sigrid asked worriedly.
"Yes, we're fine, daughter.
Everything is much better now," Valeria reassured her, taking her hand and motioning toward Silas, who stood before them, visibly uncomfortable.
That woman's warmth unsettled him.
---- He wasn't used to it, especially knowing she was a supernatural being so powerful.
Sigrid squeezed her mates hand firmly, and instantly, the turbulent heart of the Specter King calmed.
The tense air between the dominant males lingered, but there was nothing the women in their lives couldnt handle.
"Come, my love, come.
The world has changed, Silasits not like before," Sigrid told him.
But deep inside, a knot tightened in her chest.
How was she supposed to explain that while he had been asleep, his race had been abused to the brink of extinction? Goddess...
Would Silas go mad again? Before that, I need to do something.
I need to go somewhere," he looked into her beautiful eyes and spoke in a deep voice.
"Come with me, Sigrid." "'No," the one who responded was Aldric, Sigrid gave her mate a complicated smile "please be patient with my father, my love.
This to me," she whispered in his mind.
is very important "You may come with me, King and Queen Lycan," Silas turned to face them.
"I allow you to enter my realm, but if they are harmed in the future...
I hope things have truly changed." His gaze landed on Valeria, who gave him a slight nod.
They had a long road ahead.
###Chapter 520
---- Silas waved his hand, and the thick, dark mist behind him began to recede, parting like the sea.
He intertwined his fingers with Sigrids and walked forward, stepping decisively over the hardened darkness of the lake's surface.
Aldric and Valeria exchanged curious glances.
The Lycan King remained on high alert.
What if it was a trap? Inside his own territory, Silas would be even more powerful.
His pup and his pregnant wife would be in danger.
"Dad, if you dont trust him, at least trust me.
Nothing will happen to themI would never allow it," Sigrids voice cut through his fears "Come, my King.
If we dont take the first step, he never will," Valeria pulled him by the hand, leaving behind everything familiar to venture into the unknown.
Into the world the Specter King had protected for millennia.
spb Beyond the boundaries of the forbidden zone, where only a veil of toxic mist stretched endlessly, a brown horse neighed anxiously.
The malevolence in the air was suffocating, dangerous currents shifting beyond, in the unseen.
Baltazar gripped the reins tightly, keeping the steed from rearing.
His sharp eyes seemed to pierce through the misty curtain that had ---- never lifted, always surrounding them.
It was eerie, yes, but they knew it was there for protection.
Your Lordship, everyone is ready and waiting," his General approached to inform him.
Beyond the hill, an army of hundreds of men stood armed and readythe noble houses that made up the Elemental Realm, Gleaming armor, polished helmets, banners raised high, and of course, all manner of deadly weapons.
They may not have powers, but they had vowed never again to be sheep, never again to be slaves to anyonethey would fight bravely to the death.
Keep the men calm, We must wait for His Majestys signal," Baltazar said, never taking his eyes off the barrier.
The General followed his gaze, frowning.
A rumor had been spreadingthis was madness.
Was the Regent losing his edge? Was he finally growing old? He refused to believe it.
The Regent was a wise man.
He wouldnt have stirred such a commotion for nothing something is happening.
Everyone is getting into position," Baltazar suddenly said, his voice tense The Generals gaze snapped toward the mist, which was beginning to shiftsplitting apart, creating a clear path.
Something was truly happening! ---- Kicking his horse into motion, he galloped back, commanding the war horn to be soundedto stand ready to support their King,
###Chapter 521
---- 291.
CLASH OF KINGDOMS NARRATOR Valeria glanced around nervously as they walked through the passage.
She trusted her daughter, but the negative energy in the mist surrounding them made her hair stand on end.
Aldrie squeezed her hand, sensing her unease, and quickened their pace.
The end of this tunnel seemed close.
Valeria imagined they might emerge at the battlefield, near the ruins of the Selenian gate.
Though everything had been left in shambles after the explosion that destroyed the seal completely, there shouldn't be anything left o-Fight? She heard Sigrids sharp gasp of astonishment ahead of them.
A bright light flooded their eyes, and her long lashes fluttered as she struggled to believe what she was seeing.
They had emerged onto an open plain.
Right now, they stood atop ahill covered in soft green grass, swaying wildflowers dancing with the wind, Where was this place? And more importantly...
who were all those armed people waiting for them? Aldric tensed.
Was this an ambush after all? ---- His gaze locked onto Sigrid, his hold on Valeria's waist tightening, already calculating the possibility of grabbing them and making a quick escape.
Both sides stood frozen, staring at each other, unsure of what to do, until the sharp neigh of a horse shattered the silence.
"Dont be afraid, they're my people," Silas whispered to Sigrid, who was also in shock.
All these soldiers...
were they Elementals? Had Silas kept them hidden inside his prison all this time? Baltazar dismounted from his horse, his gaze fixed on the man standing just a few meters awayplatinum hair, sharp features, gleaming armor, and an intimidating presence.
There was no doubt.
That was their King.
He walked forward, followed closely by his general, who didn't fully understand the situation but followed orders without question.
When he reached a meter away, Baltazar bent down onto one knee before Silas.
"Your Majesty, itis an honor to be in your presence.
Your subjects await your command." At the sight of the Regentthe highest authority beneath the King kneeling, everyone immediately understood.
The imposing man in black armor was indeed their King.
Like dominoes, one by one, the soldiers dropped to their knees.
---- The dukes and nobles dismounted from their horses and followed the Regent's example.
Sigrid didnt understand any of itthis was.
too overwhelming.
Aldric and Valeria were even more confused.
stand up.
Such formalities arent necessary," Silas said coldly.
As always, his personality was rigid.
These people had named him their King, just as the supernatural beings had once given him the title King of the Specters.
He didnt care about those titles.
He only wanted to be Silas Sigrids mate, "Your Majesty, Ihave the army ready.
The civilians are safe, we" "Its not necessary.
There will be no war.
I have already settled the matter," Silas interrupted.
Baltazar was caught off guard, daring to lift his gaze, quickly glancing at Sigrid.
She was young and beautiful.
Even in that radiant golden armor, she looked heroic.
But something about her unsettled himshe didnt seem like an Elemental.
Baltazar could feel the loathsome supernatural power seeping from her.
She is my woman," Silas declared firmly, ignoring the irritated huff behind him, "she is the Selenian princess." Baltazar lips pressed into a thin line.
###Chapter 522
---- How could their King have fallen for a Selenia? Had they bewitched him? They are the current rulers of the Supernatural Realm," Silas stepped aside, revealing the figures behind him, Valeria stepped forward with Aldric, standing beside their daughter and nodding in a polite greeting.
Itwas clear to everyonethe look of disbelief and even anger growing in the Regents eyes.
But they understood.
The Elementals had every reason to hate and despise the supernatural races.
"But, Your Majesty, they are the enemy..." "No longer.
Things have changed after millennia," Silas cut him off, He hated all this protocolhe was desperate to be done with it so he could leave with Sigrid.
Without some annoying lycan breathing down his neck.
Or the Regent and his damn formalities.
He'd better not offend his mate, or the benevolent King would cease to exist.
"My name is Aldric Thorne.
I am the Lycan King, and this is my Queen, Valeria Von Carstein," Aldrics deep voice suddenly resonated.
"I know that supernatural beings are indebted to your people.
The ---- mistakes of the past are something I cannot change.
I can only take responsibility for respecting your realm in the present.
I have no intention of annexing you to our domain.
You are free beings.
Any supernatural creature that harms you will be executed on the spot." Baltazar locked eyes with Aldrics cold gray gaze.
They seemed full of integrity and certaintybut he wasn't convinced in the slightest.
He hadn't lived through it firsthand, but the books and the horror stories made it clear.
The fact that they had chosen to remain prisoners behind this toxic mist all this time was proof enoughthe danger outside was far worse "My lord...
I1m sorry.
I do not mean to be disobedient.
You have been our benefactor for millennia, but..." Baltazar didnt respond to Aldric.
His eyes remained fixed on his King, believe I speak for all of us when I say that we do not agree, that we fear for our safety.
We do not wish to be associated with any supernatural creature.
Please, I beg you, on behalf of our realm.
keep us safe." Baltazar had been born a noble Duke of the Elemental Realm, a descendant of the Regents bloodline that traced back to the original family of King Umbros.
He had never begged before, never lowered his head, But he didnt care about pride.
Baltazar could not accept this unionhe neither understood nor ---- approved of it.
"You cannot stay here forever.
The dark mist is becoming toxic for you as well.
After so much time, it is starting to affect and infect your people.
It is impossible to hide forever," Silas stated coldly.
"Silas..." Sigrid squeezed his hand.
Goddess, all these men were absolute brutes.
Her father toozero diplomacy whatsoever.
"We only ask for a chance, my lord.
It will not happen overnight.
The barrier will not simply fall.
Please, just give us the opportunity to prove our words," Sigrid spoke gently.
The Regent and the General behind him stared at her.
She seemed so sincere.
She exuded such peace, but their hearts remained filled with fear.
Witches could bewitch and manipulate minds.
In the end, they had to come to an agreement.
Silas would keep the borders closed for now; the exchanges would be gradual, under strict conditions.
No one forgot the root of all evil the Elementals had always been the ideal for procreation.
Even though the supernatural world had expanded over the millennia, births were slow and infrequent, and some species never managed to produce offspring at all.
The Lycans and Selenias were dwindling races, their numbers so ---- low they could be counted on one hand.
With the Elementals, their bloodlines could rise again in greater splendor and that was always the greatest temptation in the hearts of the ambitious.
###Chapter 523
---- 292.
HOPES FOR THE FUTURE NARRATOR At the front of the army, aman wearing a helmet adorned with black feathers watched the exchange with piercing blue eyes.
His sharpened hearing caught every word of the conversation something the other Elementals couldn't perceive from this distance.
The restless horse beneath him shifted uneasily, but it wasnt nearly as unsettled as his own racing heart.
An opportunity.
This was the miracle he had prayed to the heavens for.
The man on horsebackthe Duke of Everhartheld a great secret.
The Elementals believed they had successfully blocked all supernatural beings outside the dark mist.
They had no idea how wrong they were.
Some had been trapped inside when Umbros was sealed away forced into hiding within Elemental society.
They had gone from being lords to being outcasts and hunted fugitives, living in constant fear of discovery.
A smile of relief spread across Elliot Everharts lips.
His mate was pregnantwith two wolf pups.
Now, at last, they had a chance to survive ---- seb "Silas, how did you do it? How did you manage to protect them? I remember you fought Juno at the lake, far from the village," Sigrids eyes shone as they walked back through the mist tunnel Silas wouldnt let go of her.
He didnt care about returning to any realm he didnt even want to.
The Regent hadnt been pleased and? Not his problem.
He had twice the work now.
How long do you think I fought that damn old hag?" he asked, scowling.
Two days?" Sigrid guessed, having no idea She knew both had been the most powerful beings of their time.
Their battle must have been legendary.
At least two months.
Maybe moreI dont even know exactly," he admitted, and Sigrids jaw dropped.
?My specters spread everywhere, destroying everything in their pathsupernatural mansions, whole territorieswhile I fought her.
Only the Elementals were spared from my wrath.
Itook a lot of land, but I didnt realize she was only stalling me.
She set a trap, and when I finally ended her life, I couldnt leave a certain range.
I was desperate because I had already lost the most important ---- thing to me? He lifted their intertwined hands and kissed them tenderly, his gaze burning into her.
Behind them, Valeria held Aldric back to keep him from acting like adamn fool.
The mist sealed behind them, enclosing the Elemental Realm once more "King Aldric," Silas turned to face him.
"I love your daughter.
I've spent millennia missing her.
I will never give her up.
What must I do for you to give her to me?" Sigrid yanked his arm, seeing the way Aldrics jaw ticked dangerously.
She pulled Silas down and whispered something in his ear.
"How can I prove my worth before you so I may ask for your daughters hand?" he corrected himself, following Sigrids advice.
Valeria winked at her daughter.
"No man weaker than me can have my pup," Aldric said seriously.
" I need to be certain you can protect her.
Fight me again." "Done." Valeria wanted to slap her mate.
Goddess, he was just looking for an excuse to brawl with their daughter's man.
And the other idiot accepted.
Of course.
They had to be men.
###Chapter 524
---- A FEW DAYS LATER...
The Nocturne Realm was in complete shock.
They had survived the ghost that had haunted them for millennia.
The infamous Umbros, the powerful King of the Specters, had been tamed by the Selenian princess.
Many were skeptical.
What was this nonsense about supernaturals being the villains and Elementals the victims? Why did they owe them anything? They whispered in secret within their homes, but no one dared to say it out loudbecause the Lycan King had made himself very clear.
If anyone dared to target the Elementals, he would personally tear them to shreds.
And speaking of tearing things apart it was obvious who had won the fight.
Though Silas had to admit, his father-in-law was dangerous.
His claws had nearly sliced his throat over a single moment of carelessness.
Now, he stood before a massive mirror, struggling to figure out how to adjust the intricate black-and-gold tunic draped over his frame.
Asudden knock at the door made him glance over, tensing.
He knew exactly who it was.
And she made him nervous.
"Come in," he said in a deep voice.
---- A stunning black-haired woman entered the room, her hair styled in an elegant updo, smiling warmly.
Her blue eyes regarded him approvingly until they landed on the crooked fastening of his tunic.
"T knew you'd need help.
My mate is the same way, " Valeria walked forward confidently and, ignoring the stiffness of the white- haired man, began adjusting the silk not at his collar.
Silas watched her.
This woman was a descendant of those cursed witches, those wretched beings...
and yet, she was also the one who had given birth to his beautiful Selenia.
In secret, he had observed Sigrids interactions with her family those days when just touching his beloveds hand had felt like a feat, with a certain overbearing watchdog appearing everywhere.
Sigrid was the way she wasradiant, uninhibited, noble, and pure because of how her parents and family had raised her.
Silas was grateful.
At least she had been able to live anormal, trauma-free life.
There, thats better," Valeria said, satisfied, lifting her gaze to meet his.
She knew this silent, enigmatic man was always watching.
Always.
"stop frowning, you'll age before your time," she teased, raising a finger to smooth the furrow between his browson aman who had lived for millennia, someone who even made Zarek's ---- mummified age look young.
Silas didnt like being touched.
But she was so warm...
It felt like...
the mother he had never gotten to have.
"T know we owe you, Silas.
We all do.
Thats why I am giving you my most precious treasuremy flesh and blood, the child I brought into this world and raised with all my heart." Valerias voice wavered, her eyes glistening with unshed tears, her emotions overflowing.
Take care of her for us.
Never make her suffer.
She loves you more than anything.
Im so grateful that she is your mate.
I am so glad that I created something that could heal your heart." She placed her hand over the fabric of his tunicright over his chest, where his heart pounded wildly.
She could hear it.
[ will.
Iwill protect her with my life.
She is everything to me.
Thank you, Queen Selenia." Silas choked on the words.
He never thought he would say such a thing in his lifetime, but it was step forwardthe beginning of forgiving the past and focusing only on the beautiful future ahead.
All the pain, humiliation, and despairnone of it mattered, because at the end of that thorn-filled path, Sigrid was waiting ---- alright, enough, or I'll start crying.
Im too emotional with this pregnancy now, come escort your mother-in-law." She grabbed his arm and led him through the hallways toward the throne room, where everyone was waiting.
The double doors swung open, and as he stepped inside the intimate ceremony, Silass eyes shone brighter than the sun.
At the far end, standing before the stairs leading to the Lycan Kings throne...
was his beautiful mate.
###Chapter 525
---- 293.
I'LL BE WATCHING YOU NARRATOR Dressed in a stunning cream-colored gown that flowed to the floor, embroidered with roses in tulle and satin, she looked breathtaking radiant.
Silas walked down the carpeted aisle, guided by Valeria, but he was utterly spellbound by those gray eyes, bright as stars, her soft skin, that smile that warmed his very soul Gods, how he loved this woman.
He had missed her so much that he couldn't fathom how he had survived all those years without herwithout losing his mind completely.
His brain had erased her, shielding him from insanity, just so he could survive until this very day.
"Now you have to ask her father for her hand," Valerias voice pulled him from his daze.
Looking at the massive redhead standing beside his Selenia, he recognized those same gray eyes at least in color.
But that permanent scowl? That was something else entirely, "King Lycan, Ionly Silas, just an Elementalask for the hand of your daughter, Selenia, Sigrid Von Carstein.
I wish to be her protector, her companion, and I swear to love her until the end of my days." ---- It was one of the longest, most heartfelt declarations he had ever made, Sigrids heart felt like it was about to burst from her chest.
Goddess, he was so handsome, so masculine, so commandingso damn sexy.
Focus, Sigrid, focus! Her father would definitely notice if she started drooling.
"Dad, just say yes already!" "Do I even have a choice?" Aldric muttered, raising an eyebrow with a defeated huff.
aldric..." Valeria growled under her breath, stepping up beside him, [grant you my pups hand, but I will always be watching to ensure you keep the vow you just made today." His tone was grudging, reluctant, and he wasn't letting go of Sigrids hand.
The day you break it, I'l beat the shit out of you..." "Daughter, you can go stand with your male now," Valeria said with an uncomfortable smile before giving Aldrica sharp pinch on the back and pushing him slightly to make him let go.
Aldrie sighed and extended her hand toward Silas, but Sigrid squeezed his fingers.
Rising onto her toes, she surprised him by pressing a kiss to his cheek.
---- "love you, Daddy.
You know you'll always be my favorite father, right?" she whispered, smiling.
troublemaking pup, Im your only father," he replied with a small smile, kissing her forehead.
"You're wrong.
She has more fathers and uncles.
"shut up, Quinn! And Zarekdont you dare open your mouth!" Aldric snapped, annoyed.
Laughter rippled through the room, relaxing everyone.
They were a family.
A wild, chaotic, but strong family.
Gabrielle raised her hands, weaving a beautiful illusion, and rose petals began to fall from the ceiling over the new couplethe future monarchs of the realm...
Or maybe not.
Even Sasha, the Housekeeper, discreetly wiped away her tears with a handkerchief.
Her wise eyes shifted toward Valeriashe had been right.
She had known from the start that this woman was special.
Valeria had transformed this cold, grim castle full of hardened men into a warm home for all of themespecially for their King.
Aldric had regained his joy, his will to live.
Sasha was deeply grateful to the Selenian Queen.
###Chapter 526
---- The lycans were ecstatic.
Their princess had found her mate.
And of course, everyone challenged Silas to a fight a test of his ---- strength in the name of tradition.
The troublemaker, Dave, had fallen in love with Julianne, a castle maidand they already had a little wolf pup.
Quinn held his Selenia close, who had fully regained her strength, her vision, and her beauty though to him, Gabrielle had always been the most beautiful.
Beof remained single.
With his massive size and raw strength, women feared theyd end up half-paralyzed the next morning if they ever dared to bed him.
Erik, the other lycan, was...
well, a total whore.
To him, every hole was a trench in times of war, and his mind was always at war.
But none of it mattered.
Because at last, Sigrids hand touched the cold fingers of her man, Their hearts finally resonated together, their magic intertwined, dancing as one through their touch.
Only one thing remained Something that made her nervous as hell but she wanted it more than anything.
"LETS DRINK!" Dave roared, marking the official start of the celebration.
The casualties of battle had been minimal.
The wounded had been healed by the spelicasters.
---- The guillotine that had hung over their heads for millennia was finally gone.
If that wasnt a reason to drink until they passed out, what was? eee Aldric stepped into his dimly lit study.
The moonlight streamed through the open balcony doors, flooding the room in silver.
Valeria and Sigrid had left the feast a while ago to do womens things or so his mate had said.
Which meant they were plotting something.
But Silas was still in the hall, so at least Aldric could relax for now.
He wasnt an idiot.
People called her "pup," but Aldric knew damn well that Sigrid was a grown woman.
In the supernatural world, mates didnt hesitate.
Dominant males claimed their females without delay.
"Well, I just hope I dont end up a father and a grandfather at the same damn time," he muttered under his breath, rummaging through the kingdoms map.
Celine and Gabrielle had suddenly taken an interest in the borders with the new Elemental territory.
What the hell were they up to? Then, suddenlyeverything clicked.
They were just keeping him away from that perverted bastard, ---- Silas.
Aldric stopped searching in the dark like an idiot and turned to head back.
Inan instantthe door slammed shut with a heavy thud, Aldric spun, alert.
But before he could react, the rich scent of dark chocolate reached his nose.
And through the shadows, he saw the wolf-like glow of his Selenia's eyes.
###Chapter 527
---- 294.
THE QUEEN OF MY HEART NARRATOR Valerias inner she-wolf was fully awakened now, and she gazed at him like a predator eyeing its next meal.
"Baby, I know exactly what youre doing," Aldric rumbled, his voice hoarse Just her presence and the heated images in her mind were enough to make him hard.
"And what are you going to do about it?" Valeria flicked the lock shut and began to advance through the darkness, the moonbeams illuminating her in intervals.
The intoxicating scent of wine had her dripping, the desire roaring in her veins, hotter than ever.
"vale, I dont want to hurt you.
The pregnancy" "shhhh." Valeria stopped in front of him.
Her delicate silhouette glowed under the moonlight, standing before Aldrics massive frame, trapping him against the desk, her slender index finger pressing against the sexy lips of the King.
"The pups are fine, but their mother isnt.
I need the vital essence of my male..." she whispered in that voice that made even Aldrics heart stop.
---- He watched as she took a step back, gripping the lapels of her floor -length white tunic.
Valeria slowly pulled it open, letting it slide off her shoulders.
The soft fabric cascaded down, revealing her porcelain skin, her delicate, hardened nipples, her narrow waist, that smooth, sinful belly...
And lowerthe soft mound where his ruin awaited.
Her long, dark hair flowed down her back like a waterfall, contrasting against the warm flush of her skin.
The tunic pooled at her feet, gathering in folds, leaving Aldric with a searing, unobstructed view of his naked queen.
He had seen her countless times, knew every inch of her body, every spot that made her moan and tremble Yet his Lycan eyes devoured her as if it were the first time.
He would never tire of making her his.
A deep growl rumbled from his lips, Azarot stirring inside him, demanding he mount his female.
Her scent, the sweet musk of pure lust, poured from her soaked core, driving him wild "How...
how do you want me to feed you? Do you want my blood?" Aldric played dumb, his entire body pulsing awake.
His cock throbbed, hard as stone, aching to be buried deep in her tight, needy heat.
###Chapter 528
---- "I think you know exactly what I want," Valeria murmured, stepping closer, her hands splaying over his chest as she nuzzled against the open buttons of his shirt, inhaling his strong, masculine scent.
She breathed him in like an addict savoring a drug, her favorite vintage wine.
Goddess, she loved this man.
She wanted him every time like it was the first.
Her hands traveled lower, never stopping, undoing his clothes, tracing his muscles.
Her mouth followed, tasting, licking, teasing his skin.
She loved how he growled, how his claws scratched the desk, struggling to let her play with his sanity.
Undo your pants and feed your female...
mmm, King Lycan..." Aldric almost came on the spot when he saw her kneeling between his thighs, her soft hands resting on his muscular legs.
Her lips brushed against the fabric covering his swollen length, her tongue dragging over the outline of his cock.
Those lust-heavy eyes stared up at himhungry, sinful.
Her red lips parted, sucking lightly, teasing through the rough material.
The friction sent sparks of pleasure up his spine.
His balls tightened, swelling with the need to explode inside her sinful mouth.
---- Aldric knew without a doubtValeria would make him cum effortlessly.
Just listening to her soft, needy moans, watching her kneel in submission It reminded him how much he loved dominating her inbed.
One hand ripped open his belt in urgency, the other gripped her thick, raven hair.
His veined, dripping cock sprang freealmost slapping the Queens face.
She licked her lips, greedy.
Aldric grabbed the thick base, pressing the swollen pink tip against her parted lips.
The heat of her breath made him groan.
"Open wide, Queen Selenia.
If you want to sacrifice yourself for our daughter, you better suck me real good and make me cum." "Like this?" She feigned innocence, opening her mouth, her tongue flicking over his slit, swirling over the sensitive opening.
"Mmm...
fuck, Valeria.
Forget butterflies, you were fucking born for this." She engulfed him, her lips hot and wet.
Aldrics breath turned ragged as she sucked him deep, her mouth a tight, delicious vice.
---- He rolled his hips, thrusting into her throat, panting like a wolf in heat.
And this? This was just the appetizer.
The main course was coming next.
Through darkened pupils, he never stopped watching her, obsessed.
She pleasured him in a way that made him forget the entire damn world.
This was the only time he would ever see her on her knees.
Because Aldric would always be the one kneeling before this incredible woman The true queen of his heart.
ad While her mother "sacrificed herself" Sigrid ran through the woods, racing toward her meeting point with Silas.
Tonight was their night.
Their night of consummation.
But this timeshe wasnt inside another body.
She was in her own.
And her heart pounded wildly, nervous and eager.
Would her Silas.
like her? She neared their secret spot, her eyes scanning the darkness, searching for his dominant presence.
Thenshe froze.
A massive black wolf emerged from the shadows, its fur coated in swirling mist, its golden eyes glowing like fire.
"Love...
is that you?"
###Chapter 529
---- 295.
LET'S GO HOME SILAS I tooka step forward, then another, hesitantwould she like this.
illusion Thad created from my dark magic? "Love, is that you?" Her beautiful eyes looked at me, doubtful, standing in the middle of the clearing, bathed in silver light.
Her magic reached out to me, probing, testing me.
I began to move toward her.
The pads of my massive paws pressed against the fallen leaves and soft grass.
I felt a little ridiculous, but for her, I would do anything.
"Its me," I told her in her mind.
"Silas, you turned into a wolf!" She leaned over my massive form, her hands burying themselves in the mist-like fur I had conjured.
lifted my head, mesmerized by her smile, contagious and radiant, as she stroked me with joy and wonder.
It had been worth the effort, practicing until I mastered this form.
"y can create a wolf with magic too!" she said, her eyes sparkling, "But...
I dont know how to transform my clothes properly like you do...
mmm, wait amoment!" She darted behind a tree.
I heard the rustling of fabric, and I ached to sneak a peek.
---- But I held myself back, letting my imagination wander instead.
Tonight, I would see her.
I had toor I would die of longing.
I knew she could shift into a wolf.
She was a Selenia, and I had heard her father brag countless times that he was the only one who had gone running with her at night.
Not anymore.
I wanted to be part of every corner of her life.
I wanted to experience everything with Sigrid.
My golden eyes locked onto the wolf-gray ones watching me from the shadows.
She stepped forward, revealing her sleek golden fur, her magic playful and seductive.
"Do you like it?" she asked, fluttering her long lashes.
Her black nose brushed against mine.
Tinhaled her intoxicating scent, expanding my senses.
It felt so strange yet so right to perceive her this way.
"T always like you.
Never doubt that," I whispered in her mind, closing my eyes, nuzzling into the soft fur of her neck.
suddenly, a sharp nip landed on my earplayful, teasing.
I let her do whatever she wanted.
"Come, let's run through the forest! Show me how much of a wolf you really are!" ---- She jumped back, challenging me, her eyes glowing mischievously.
Her agile paws kicked off the ground, circling me, her fluffy tail flicking tauntingly.
Then, she took off, darting between the trees.
I chased her as best I could.
Despite practicing, I was still adjusting to the sensation of running on four legs.
My instincts always urged me to move as I normally would.
"Oooooh, how slow! Are you a wolf or a turtle?" She laughed, circling me effortlessly.
Of courseshe was born from a powerful Lycan.
Sigrid was the pinnacle of werewolf evolution.
I loved seeing her so excited, but I would make her pay for her teasing later.
I ran, pushing to catch up.
I stumbled a few times, adjusting, nearly face-planting into the dirt.
Her laughter echoed in my mind, filling me with warmth.
The forest bore witness to our game.
I watched her strong, graceful movements as she leaped over a fallen tree trunk.
Then came my turn, I could do this.
I knew I could But my paws accidentally tangled, and my massive wolf body crashed onto the ground with a dull thud.
"silas!"" Her worried cry reached my ears, followed by rushed footsteps.
"Love, are you okay? Does it hurt? Where did you get hurt?"
###Chapter 530
---- I said nothing.
I kept my head down, playing the part of a gravely injured wolf.
"say something! Oh, Goddess, I shouldnt have pushed you! Let me seeshow me, let me check!" Her snout nudged me, slipping beneath my head, desperately trying to find my wound.
secretly, I smiled, pleased.
Ina flash, 1 moved.
My paw caught her off guard.
My fur melted into skin, my entire body shifting as I lunged1 tackled her, rolling her onto the ground.
Fireflies scattered, startled by our intrusion.
The forest smelled of flowers and spring.
"Silas...
youyou were faking it! When did you learn to lie so well?! She yelled beneath me, her wolf body pinned.
Theld her close, stroking her sides.
Lowering my face, I buried my nose against her neck, nipping softly at her white ears.
My mate was beautiful No matter the form, she was always breathtaking.
My lady, wasnt it you who taught me that? Didn't you spend so much time pretending to be someone else?" I whispered into her ear, which twitched at the ticklish sensation.
My hands never stopped caressing her fur, pressing her against me.
"You...
you're such a scoundrel.
And youyoure naked!" she stammered.
---- I could hear her racing heartbeat.
"You've seen me naked plenty of times, Sigrid.
But I...
havent seen you.
Thats not fair." I nibbled on the tip of her ear.
"My lady, this slave wants to make love to you.
Let me please you." I confessed in a husky voice, shifting my weight over her.
My hardening length brushed against the soft fur of her belly.
"Dont call yourself that, Silas.
You're not my slave..." But Tam." "From the very first moment.
From millennia ago.
You chained me to you, trapped my heartand I never want to be free.
I love the prison you built for me." The words spilled from my lips before I could even think.
I wasnt good at sweet talk.
I didnt know how to woo her properly with my rough, blunt ways.
Words could never do justice to what I felt for Sigrid.
She was silent for a few moments.
I could feel her magic shiftingAnxious.
Yearning.
"1...
[want it too.
I want you to be my first and only man, Silas.
I belong to you." She confessed, stirring every dark, obsessive, possessive feeling inside me.
"Then lets go home, my mate.
Lets go to our home." I whispered, ---- lowering my head, pressing a kiss to her wolfs head.
###Chapter 531
---- 296.
WANT TO MAKE LOVE TO YOU SILAS My heavy breathing fans over the soft white fur.
Thave to constantly remind myself that it's her first time, that I need to control myself.
I straighten up and shift again.
Clumsy and a bit slower than her, but steady.
I guide her where I want her to go.
Amassive black wolf leaving a trail of dark mist and a beautiful golden-haired she-wolf running under the moon.
Treached the edge of the lake and leaped over its calm waters.
Beneath my paws, the surface hardened instantly, allowing me to move forward.
Sigrid followed me, golden flashes marking the path she traveled.
We touched and nuzzled each other, always by her side, always with my Selenia.
I crossed through the dark mist, the barrier into the Realm of the Elementals, which opened to let her pass.
She would always have access to this territory.
She followed, without question, over the hills, through the mountains, skirting the cities the elementals had built over so many years.
But inside this prison, there was something that had never ---- changed.
silas, you...
you kept it, she said, her voice trembling as she looked at my parents' cabin.
Even though that old traitor lived here, I...
I couldnt get rid of this place.
Even when I forgot, something inside my chest screamed at me to protect it.
I never allowed the elementals to enter here, I confessed, walking toward the door.
Beams of silver light filtered through the clouds, illuminating the clearing in front of the old house.
My magic transformed my body once more.
I shifted into my human form, completely naked.
I turned to show myself to my woman.
I wanted her to shift as well.
Her gray eyes studied me, trying to hide her desires, but her magic, glowing and stirring inside her, betrayed her excitement.
Come, my Selenia.
Dont be afraid, Sigrid.
Through the space between us, I watched her.
Her body began to change under the moonlight.
A golden and black magic wrapped around her like a cloak before dissipating, allowing me to see her.
Her small feet, her pale, sculpted legs leading up to round hips.
Her intimacy covered by one of her hands, vulnerable, exposed only to me.
Tlifted my gaze, filled with lust.
Her tender breasts were half- ---- hidden by her other arm.
Her entire body trembled, her lip desperate for my tastecaught between her teeth.
###Chapter 532
---- Her gray eyes roamed over me as well, taking in everything I had to offer her.
My hardened erection standing between my legs.
Come, I called, breathing heavily, dominant, yearning for her complete surrender to me.
She lowered her hands and took slow steps forward.
Our hearts beat in unison, our gazes locked.
1 felt my manhood throb, drawn to her soft stomach, which clenched with every step, and further down, the delicate beginning of her slit.
I swallowed hard, so aroused that my balls ached, desperate to spill.
Just the thought of making her mine for the first time, in her real body, of taking her virginity, had me on edge.
silas...
she whispered, stopping in front of me, her cheeks flushed red.
T couldn't hold back anymore.
I cupped her head and lowered my mouth, capturing those lips that were driving me insane, our breaths ragged.
Islid my tongue into her mouth, devouring hers.
My possessive hand caressed her waist before sliding down to her ass, pulling her intimately against my cock, which shamelessly rubbed against her stomach.
Sigrid moaned into my mouth, her small hands igniting flames ---- over my muscles as she timidly caressed me.
spread your legs and jump onto me, I whispered, panting, rock hard, aching from holding back, but I had all the time in the world for her.
She braced herself on my shoulders and leaped.
I grabbed her delicious ass, holding her up as her arms wrapped around my neck.
Igritted my teeth, growling low as my cock nestled between the hot, parted petals in this position.
Damn it, I need to control myself, but her head buried in the crook of my neck and her moans against my skin aren't helping my sanity.
I kicked the door open desperately, carrying her inside the cabin, which had always been clean, always ready, waiting only for her return to me.
silas, you kept it the same, her husky voice was music to my ears.
She lifted her head, looking around.
The warmth of the old lit fireplace welcomed us.
I didnt stop; I kept going straight to our room.
This is our home.
I was never going to abandon it, I whispered, looking at her, drowning in those seductive eyes.
Thank you, my love, she murmured, cupping my cheek before lowering her mouth to claim mine.
I stepped into our room, and it felt like just yesterday that I had taken her on this very bed.
I walked forward, silver light slipping through the cracks in the old wooden windows.
---- aid her down on the clean white sheets and knelt between her spread legs, looking down at her.
No, no.
Let me look at you, my female.
Let me burn this into my mind.
You dont know how many times Ive craved you, Sigrid, I pleaded, my voice hoarse, needy, as she started to cover herself again.
As if summoned by a powerful spell, my fingers traced over her pale skin, which shivered under my touch.
I moved up the inside of her thighs, until I reached that sacred place, already wet with desire.
###Chapter 533
---- 297.
YOU BELONG TO ME SILAS The tiny pink slit parted slightly, dripping intoxicating honey that had me salivating.
The plump petals on the sides and her swollen, hard clit showed just how aroused she was.
The pads of my index and middle fingers stroked lustfully along the entire opening, gathering her fluids, watching her like a pervert.
My cock throbbed, trembling with the rigid clench of all my muscles.
Mmmm...
A heated moan slipped from her lips as I started touching her virginal flower.
Up and down, without slipping into the tight entrance, just teasing her.
I circled her clit and pinched it lightly between my fingers, rolling it in slow circles.
Silas...
She writhed in pleasure, calling my name.
My eyes locked onto hers, glazed, damp with desire Euck, fuck, fuck.
Ileaned over her and kissed her deeply, passionately, desperately.
My fingers explored and traced the soft folds of her pussy.
---- My mouth traveled down her neck, leaving a trail of fevered kisses.
My middle finger pressed in slowly, little by little, sinking into the heat of her cunt.
Sigrids entire body tasted like pure glory.
I sucked and marked her, kissed her all over.
And as my finger began to move between the wet folds of her pussy, sliding in and out with the slick sound of her arousal, my mouth found her tender breasts, drowning in the pleasure of tasting them lasciviously until she was screaming in lust, begging for more.
eee SIGRID I felt like I was drowning in gasps and moans.
The memories of us making love in my mind couldn't compare to.
the real sensations coursing through my body.
ahh! I moaned, turned on beyond reason.
I tried to keep my lips shut, but I couldn't hold it in.
It was as if my mouth had a will of its own, just like my hips, now grinding upward with a white-haired head between them.
silas...
mmm...
aajahh, I whimpered, lowering my hand to grip his hair, shoving him deeper against my pussy, which he was devouring like a starving man.
Goddess, so good, so fucking good, his tongue was eating me up so ---- deep, fucking me with pure bliss.
I could feel him swallowing everything I was giving him.
He alternated between licking and fucking me with his fingers.
At first, I felt weird, embarrassed, but now I didnt want him to stop, not when his lips kept sucking my clit, his teeth nibbling at my folds, his growls vibrating inside my pussy.
It embarrassed me, but I loved it so much, the pleasure clouding my mind with growing arousal.
My belly felt heavy, my feet curled against the mattress, and my hardened breasts trembled, the pink tips wet with his saliva.
gshhh ah, yes, yes, my male...
ahhh, I pushed against him, lifting my pelvis.
I was close, my orgasm building deep inside me, but Silas suddenly stopped.
No, he said, sitting up and licking his glistening lips.
He lifted his finger and sucked it in, making a show of it.
Iwanted to protest my pussy throbbed in need, teetering on the edge of release, and I wanted to throw myself headfirst into pleasure.
silas, I need...
Not like this.
[want you to come with this, he murmured, lowering his hand and gripping his thick, veiny cock, the tip flushed and leaking, the veins pulsing with desire.
T swallowed hard at the sight of his size.
Suddenly, nerves crept in.
I supposed the pain was inevitable.
###Chapter 534
---- Silas lay over me.
I tasted myself in the ravaging kiss he gave me.
Between my open legs, he ran his cock up and down, the tip rubbing over my tight entrance.
I trembled slightly when he pressed against my opening.
His lips tried to distract me.
My breath caught in my chest as I felt him pushing forward.
My folds stretched uncomfortably despite how much he had prepared me.
shhh, look at me, baby, look at me, my lady, he urged, and I fluttered my lashes up to meet his gaze.
My eyes welled up.
Through the dim light, his golden eyes glowed like suns, intense and deep.
I was the only one reflected in them.
Nnmm, I whimpered, trying to close my legs and taking a deep breath, but Silas moaned above my mouth.
Goddess, his sexy, husky voice, his half-lidded eyes, wild like a beast in heat, a predator ready to claim me, held my full attention.
Iwas the one making him like this, his cock like burning steel, all for me.
My desire overpowered my fear.
ssshbh, relax, my lady...
mmmm...
Sigrid...
youre so wet, my female...
nmmm, so tight and delicious...
My body reacted to his growls and words.
Silas wasnt one to talk much, not even in bed.
Mmm, my ears were ---- hotter than my pussy.
Ggggrr Sigrid, just like that, baby, just like that...
shhh, open up for your male...
ahh, you're killing me, sweetheart...
His hips rolled sensually between my thighs.
The tip of his cock slid in and out with ease.
1 felt my walls loosening, the curious tingle of wanting more.
I drowned in the lustful expression on his gorgeous, masculine face.
His breathing grew heavier, faster.
His hand on my cheek tightened slightly, his eyes shut, his entire body tense.
Sweat dripped from his platinum hair.
I knew how hard he was holding back, giving me time.
Then, suddenly, he pulled his cock out completely and thrust deep inside me, tearing through my hymen and taking my virginity.
The scream from my lips was muffled by his mouth.
My claws sank into his tense, sweaty back His fingers dug into my hips, and his pelvis didnt stop moving, slow and steady, but relentless.
He thrust into me again and again.
1 bit his lower lip and tasted his blood.
His scent filled the air, mixing with the smell of the blood between my legs.
It hurtfuck, it hurtand that huge thing kept pushing deeper with every thrust.
No, no, baby, dont cry, Sigrid.
Its just for a moment, just for a moment, my love, he murmured, kissing the few tears that had ---- slipped from the corners of my eyes.
###Chapter 535
---- 298.
[LIED TO YOU SIGRID I dont want to seem so weak.
We've already been together.
So why do I feel so vulnerable in front of Silas in my original body? I cling to him and let myself be carried away by all these new and thrilling sensations.
His lips trail downward and capture my nipples.
I shudder from so many stimuli, the pain fading into mere discomfort with the constant friction of his cock.
1 feel it throb and swell, pulsing hot.
Im starting to like it.
My pussy yields and begins to enjoy being taken for the first time.
His hips start moving more vigorously deep thrusts, faster, more passionate, rougher.
And theres a spot...
yes, oh yes, right there...
silas...
my Silas...
mmm, my moans shift from pained to pleasured.
Drops of blood mix with the milky fluids lubricating his thrusts.
Silas moves over me like a wolf in heat.
He spreads my legs wide and grinds between my thighs.
He lifts himself slightly, and I see him panting and growling, pounding into me, staring at me obsessively, not even blinking as he mounts me.
play with your tits, he commands, his voice so demanding, as if ---- Iwere his slave and he my master now.
My hands move to my breasts.
I twist my nipples, kneading them the way he does.
He devours me with his gaze, lowering his eyes to watch where our bodies meet.
The creamy slickness drips, his thick cock sliding in and out of my swollen lipsno longer those of a maiden, but of a woman fully claimed by her mate.
aaahhh, I moan like crazy, my head spinning with pleasure.
This is addictive.
Silas grabs my legs and hoists them over his strong shoulders.
Tam completely open in this position, my feet in the air, my ass lifted off the mattress.
He leans forward and spears me to the deepest point.
I cry out, arching my back The bed shakes with dry thuds, sweat drips, desire builds, the slap of our bodies echoes through the dimly lit room.
silas! T moan with a broken voice, trembling all over, squeezing my eyes shut and shattering in an orgasm like never before.
Not even in the few times I touched myself had I felt something this powerful.
My magic explodes in a frenzy, intertwining with hisdominant, dark, dangerous.
###Chapter 536
---- Our souls resonate at the same time, sharing our strengths.
1am a Selenia sorceress; my mates magic fuels my desires and strengthens our bond.
My feet return to the bed, my pussy clenches frantically, my mind blanks out, and my fists clutch the tangled sheets.
Silas growls, thrusting into my pussy like a possessed man.
I crack my eyes open just enough to see him tense, moaning deep and rough, his hands gripping my waist, locking my body completely against his delicious cock.
His eyes shut in the ecstasy of pleasure, his head tilting back toward the ceiling, lost in his release.
Every muscle in his chest and abs is rigid.
His powerful, fiery magic engulfs us like a cloak, seeping into every pore of my body.
Just watching him like this is an orgasm in itself.
His tousled hair falls sexily over his sweaty forehead.
The scent of his seed mixes with the essence of sex.
I bite my bruised lip and hiss wickedly, lifting my hips to take all of his cum deep into my cervix, where his powerful, hot spurts spill.
If Lend up pregnant with alittle Silas, it would be the most beautiful thing on earth.
His golden eyes slit open slightly, and we stare at each other across the space between us, saying so much without wordshow much we love and belong to each other.
---- A sexy smile tugs at the corner of his lips.
Hes in a damn good mood, Ican tell.
You're mine, Sigrid.
Finally, youre completely mine, my love, he murmurs, lying over me and covering me with his masculinity His lips brush against mine, and we smile at each other like foolish lovers.
Let me check if there are any tears.
Even though my magic shouldve healed you, I hate that I caused you pain.
Ill never do it again, ever, my lady.
I promise it will always feel good to be my woman.
wait, Silas! After his words, punctuated by soft kisses over my eyelids, he starts to move, ready to check between my legs.
His semi-hard cock slips out of me, making me sigh in satisfaction.
But as soon as I realize his intentions, I quickly pull my legs up, squeezing them shut and scooting back.
Dont look at that now! Why not? Are you still shy? He tilts his head slightly, that playful glint in his eyes.
N-no...
m not! Dont laugh! I grab a pillow and throw it at him.
He dodges it with a smirk and moves closer.
I love seeing him like this, so relaxed and glowing, his darkness locked away for now.
Then lets take a hot bath.
1ll run the tub and clean you up thoroughly, multiple times, he whispers in my ear as he traps me ---- in his arms.
Tkiss the sharp line of his jaw.
Wait, wait just a few more minutes with your seed inside me...
my mom...
my mom said its good for...
for getting pregnant, I whisper against his neck.
I think confessing my desire to give him what all males crave will make him happy.
Hes always been so alone, and having a piece of both of us together...
I think it would be a blessing.
But Silas doesnt say anything.
He just falls silent.
###Chapter 537
---- 299.
IDON'T REGRET CHOOSING YOU SIGRID I start to feel anxious because hes completely shutting me out.
But our magic is oneits like the mate bond in werewolves or the blood connection in vampires.
We are mates, and right now, the only thing I feel coming from him is insecurity and...
fear? silas? 1 try to lift my head, but he clings to my body even tighter.
We are both sitting on the bed.
Love, whats wrong? I ask, worried.
I feel his tension, his resistance.
Hes suddenly terrified, his heartbeat erratic.
Its making me nervous.
Just as Im about to open my mouth again, placing my hand on his chest to push him away, he finally speaks in a guttural voice: I cant, he whispers, his voice trembling.
The turbulent storm of his magic is on the verge of spiraling out of control.
What? I whisper, stunned.
T cant, Sigrid...
L...
1 didnt tell you because I was afraid you'd leave me...
Dont walk away from me, please, dont leave my life.
I cant bear it without you.
Im so selfish I kept quiet just to keep you by my side...
---- silas, love, calm down, calm down.
Silas, look at me, please, look at me, I break free from his iron grip, lift my hands, and make him meet my gaze.
His eyeschanging again, just like every time the darkness outweighs his light.
One eye cursed and blackened, the other a dull gold, his jaw locked, muscles clenched tight as if hes about to explode, his teeth gritted, his body trembling.
He just stares at me, stares at me, stares at me...
You...
you mean you cant...
I begin piecing his words together, understanding.
You cant get me pregnant.
At my words, he closes his eyes and nods, confirming it.
The deep pain hes trying to suppress, the desolation in his soul it still reaches me.
I saw it in the depths of his gaze.
I clench my fists, hatred roaring in my heart.
Im certain this has everything to do with the vile experiments Lucrecia put him through.
Thate her.
I hate her so much all over again that Id buy a ticket back just to kill her a second time.
I throw myself at my man.
His body falls back onto the bed, and mine lands on his strong hips, straddling him, feeling his seed still leaking from my pussy.
{diot, my mate, do you really think Id leave you over something like that? I caress his rough stubble, my face hovering over his.
###Chapter 538
---- Sigrid...
His voice comes out strangled, his hands hesitantly stroking my waist.
T know he thinks Im going to reject him, that I'll pull away.
What did you think? That Id blame you? That I'd push you away? Tied to you.
I took your virginityI should have told you first, and maybe you wouldnt have accepted me...
No, you didnt lie to me.
We never talked about this.
I never asked And my virginity always belonged to you, I reply, kissing his lips softly.
My magic searches for his, the one hiding away, withdrawn.
It seeps through his body, caressing his fears, his madness, soothing his ghosts.
[ was a selfish bastard.
Knowing the truth, I still clung to you.
You deserve more.
You've always deserved more.
Not a broken, used- up slave.
An infertile man who cant give you pups...
ssshhh, I place my hand over his mouth.
His pain wounds me deeply.
silas, never underestimate the love I feel for you.
Its so deep that I dont care if its just the two of us forever.
I wanted a pup for you, but its not something I desperately need.
As long as youre by my side, I am the happiest, most complete woman in the world.
Tbare my soul to him.
He studies me, searching for the truth in my words.
His cursed eye begins to turn gold again, and he lifts his fingers, tracing my every feature.
---- Forever, he repeats like a promise between us, always fighting the ugly monster of his insecurities.
Twill always be your lady.
You are mine, Silas.
I could never give you to anyone else, I answer, deeply in love with this man, and lower my lips to capture his.
Silas speaks to me with his body, with his passion, with his possessiveness, with the way he loves memadly, uniquely.
His broken soul calls out to me, and I know only I can put all the shattered pieces back together.
1 dont regret choosing him.
I never will.
This elemental is mine, and I will take him as he is, for all eternity.
ee A FEW MONTHS LATER...
VALERIA The Dark Palace is lively todayits Zareks birthday, though no one but Celine and himself know exactly how many millennia hes, celebrating.
My innocent son-in-law almost opened his mouth to try and calculate how many millennia had passed since Zarek was locked away, but one lethal glare from the man shut him up.
T glance at my family in the sitting room, all comfortably settled on sofas and chairs.
---- I sit on the strong thighs of my lycan, listening to their laughter and jokes, everyone in high spirits.
Warm, masculine hands caress my swollen belly with love.
One of my babies is calm, but the other is a little troublemaker, constantly moving.
Goddess, the kicks are so strongjust like right nowI feel like I might vomit my entire stomach, and I still have months of suffering ahead.
Even putting on underwear is suffocating at this point.
"Calm down, you two!" Azarots growl echoes through the bond he has forged with them since they were mere fetuses.
Hes their alpha lycan, their leader, and they immediately settle down under Aldrics growl.
Thank you, love, I sigh in relief, shifting to get more comfortable on him.
T should be the one thanking you, always, he whispers, kissing my hair.
His delicious scent of wine wraps around me, soothing me.
But hurry up and open it already, Uncle! Youre so boring! I hear my daughter exclaim excitedly.
###Chapter 539
---- 300.
MIRACLES DO EXIST VALERIA Silas, sitting beside her, holding her hand, has slowly been integrating into the family, though its obvious he still prefers to isolate himself with Sigrid.
My eyes linger on him for a second, and I cant help the pang of sadness that hits me.
"Vale, youre doing it again." Aldric warns me, and I immediately avert my gaze.
Silas came to me in secrethe wants my help with our Selenia magic.
He still has hope that he can be cured, that he might be able to give my daughter pups, and that filled me with deep sorrow.
Sigrid doesnt know hes asking for my help; Silas doesnt want to give her false hope.
---- I promised to keep quiet, but I cant hide something this important from Aldric.
At first, he completely shut down.
I thought he wouldnt understand.
He barely spoke for an entire day, devastated, but the next day, Sigrid invited him to run as wolves, just the two of them.
I dont know what happened, what they talked about.
But when he returned, he was calmer and accepted the situation.
He told me he would support me however necessary.
But if Sigrid, such a powerful Selenia, hasnt been able to heal her mate, I doubt any of us can.
Still, I will never give upIll do everything in my power to help them.
Im considering seeking out the most powerful white sorceress, whose magic is primarily for healing.
---- What...? What is this? Zareks stunned voice pulls me from my thoughts.
I smile slightly at his usually impassive face; however, right now, his eyes are wide, confused, as he lifts the tiny pink garment.
Tts a pup onesie.
Are your eyes failing you already, old man? my daughter teases, mocking him, despite being his much older mate.
At least Im glad she isnt upset, especially with Celines news.
Whose gift is it, prince? I ask, and the fool glances back at the red box with a black ribbon from which he pulled the baby clothes.
Tts...
from Celine...
he stares at her, then at her belly But...
but I didnt sense it, I...
are you...
are you pregnant? Dave cant hold back his snort, and despite his respect for Zarek, everyone bursts into laughter at his shocked expression.
###Chapter 540
---- I dont think Ive ever seen him like this, so euphoric.
He thanks his mate, kissing her lips, and Celine clings to him.
Its beautiful.
But I glance sideways at my daughter, searching for any trace of sadness in her eyes.
I dont see it.
I dont know if she has truly come to terms with it or if shes learned to lie to me.
Silas keeps his usual serious expression.
Celine and Zarek are going to be parents.
The best birthday gift for a being who spent millennia chained away.
2k aK KK I stand near the balcony, taking in the fresh air, my soul full as I watch my family.
Aldric had to step away for a moment to discuss a border issue with Quinn.
---- The Elementals refuse to move forward with negotiations, neither advancing nor withdrawing.
Silas is far more in love with my daughter than with politics.
He couldnt care less about sitting down to talk.
He and Aldric at a business table are a disaster both too stubborn, both wanting to impose their will just because.
But the first delegation is being prepared to visit the Elemental palace.
Silas has to approve them before granting access.
Beof and Quinn will lead to ensure no trouble arises.
Are you feeling okay, Vale? my mothers voice reaches me, and I turn to look at her beside me.
Yes, Mom, I take her arm, and we step onto the terrace alone.
Below, the vast cemetery stretches out, mist rising ---- Yes, my love, were having a little vampiress, Celine approaches him with a smile.
I see Silas lift a hand slightly; he was the one who helped her hide the pregnancy from Zarek, even within his own castle.
That man is far too powerful.
Too bad that...
no, I better not dwell on it.
Zarek drops to one knee before Celine.
Now he can finally sense the tiny life growing inside her.
He touches her stomach gently over her dress, almost as if afraid she might break.
He presses his face close and inhales deeply before kissing her belly softly.
Celine threads her fingers through his dark hair.
Their love radiates so intensely that it washes over all of us.
Darling! Hahaha! Celine squeals when he lifts her up, spinning her around, laughing out loud.
###Chapter 541
---- with the night.
Daughter, its not as terrible as you think, she says suddenly.
She knows about Silas, of courseshes far more powerful as a Selenia than I am, and I had sought her advice.
T may not have any more descendants either.
Im of a certain age now, Valeria, she confesses, and I stare at her, a bit surprised.
What would Quinn think about that? He was completely fine with it, she answers as if reading my mind.
T dont understand this obsession with procreation.
It was the root of so much calamity.
The sick obsession of supernatural beings with reproduction.
Inod.
I cant deny it.
Thad you, and I didnt even get to enjoy you...
---- He tucks a strand of my hair behind my ear and looks at me with melancholy.
"But you gave me a wonderful granddaughter, and now Ill be able to help you raise two more," he says, gazing affectionately at my "big melon".
"Tf it ever happens and I get pregnant, then it happens.
And if not, its fine.
Would you leave Aldric just because he couldnt make you a mother?" "No, no, never.
And I never blamed her either, Mom "W "T know, I know, my daughter.
My Valeria is so good," her fingers brushed my cheeks.
She suddenly looked at me in a strange way.
She was my mother...
I dont know why, but now she gave me a weird feeling, though not a bad one.
It was a deep sense of peace and positive energy, a warmth radiating under her touch.
"T had a dream, Valeria.
The Goddess spoke to me," ---- she confesses, and I stare at her in amazement.
"What did she say?" "Do you remember your gift when you passed the Selenia trial?" "Yes, yes, she granted me great descendants, but Mother, phew, I think three is more than enough," I smile, making a joke thats about 90% true.
"Then why not share that gift with someone else, someone who needs it more?" she whispers in my ear.
"If you ask with enough strength, I am sure the Goddess will hear you and fulfill the desires of your heart." She squeezes my shoulder firmly.
My eyes meet hersmysterious, as if an entire galaxy of silver stars were moving within them.
I open my mouth to ask more, but my mother steps away, leaving me alone and intrigued.
What was that? My gaze lifts to the sky.
---- The moon is nowhere to be seen.
In an instant, the world feels plunged into deep darkness, hidden behind thick clouds.
Even so, I close my eyes tightly and surround myself with my Selenia magic.
"Powerful Goddess, benefactress and creator of all supernatural beings, your daughter Valeria speaks to you.
Please, the blessing you have granted me, for which I am deeply grateful, I beg you to transfer it to my daughter Sigrid.
She is good, your warrior, who fought to mend the mistakes of all," I murmur, pleading with all my soul.
"Heal her mate, that elemental who has suffered so much and deserves his complete happiness, his children who will forge a kingdom as it was always meant to beElementals and Supernaturals united.
W I begged with all my strength, until exhaustion, feeling a luminous light shining over my body.
Hope beats in my heart.
Anything is possibleyou just hace to with for it hard enough.
###Chapter 542
---- 301.
THE FUTURE IS BEAUTIFUL NARRATOR Behind the balcony curtains, Gabrielle watched one of her dearest daughters.
She had cared for her so much, guiding her destiny to begin the salvation of this land that she had nearly destroyed through her own selfishness.
Her silver eyes glowed intensely, listening to every one of Valerias prayers.
An ethereal smile appeared on Gabrielles lips.
Her silhouette shimmered, hidden in the corner, before returning home.
Everyone was so distracted, no one had noticed that an unexpected guest had slipped into the castle.
Gabrielle leaned wearily against the doorframe, nearly collapsing.
But her tired eyes gazed toward Valeria with relief.
---- She wouldnt mind lending her body a thousand times over if it meant helping her family.
Valeria, standing on the balcony with her eyes closed, never noticed when the clouds parted and a bright light bathed her.
The full moon seemed ready to embrace her at any moment.
Her eyelashes fluttered as she looked up in awe.
Valeria knewshe knew with absolute certainty: her prayers had been heard.
2k AK KK INSIDE THE HALL Quinn arrived looking for his Selenia; something about her felt off.
He found her leaning against the wall, breathing heavily.
"Love, whats wrong? Are you okay?" he rushed to her, gripping her shoulders to examine her.
---- "T just need to rest a little.
Come, my lycan, lets cuddle like old folks under the blankets," Gabrielle responded, smiling at him with love.
And to think she had almost lost this wonderful man because of her own stubbornness.
"That sounds like an excellent plan," Quinn replied, wrapping an arm around her waist and kissing her temple.
They disappeared down the hallway, heading to their chambers.
The celebration carried on in the hall.
oR KR KK Silas had gone to fetch a punch for Sigrid in the other room, where the barrels and tables of food were set up.
"Nmmm," he groaned when a searing pain struck him, forcing him to drop the cup, which shattered upon hitting the floor.
###Chapter 543
---- It must have been something strange.
He kept the specters locked away, though they obeyed him and calmed in his presence.
Regulating his breathing and wiping the sweat from his brow with his sleeve, he tidied up the mess as best he could, filled another cup, and hurried back to the hall.
Silas had no idea that, in just a few seconds, his chances of being a father had gone from zero to infinity.
2K KK "Are you tired, my Queen?" Aldrics voice caressed Valerias ear as she continued gazing at the sky.
His protective arms wrapped around her from behind.
"No, everything is fine," Valeria kept her secret with the Goddess and turned to kiss her mates chest.
---- "Did I ever tell you that Im the happiest person in the world?" Her hands wrapped around his strong neck, fingers weaving through his red hair.
"That cant be true," Aldric murmured as he leaned down to kiss the tip of her nose.
''The happiest person in the world is me, and I will fight anyone for that title, even the woman who makes it possible." He kissed her forehead tenderly, their massive unborn child between them like a separator.
"Goddess," Valeria huffed, rolling her eyes as her belly moved with vigorous kicks.
''Youre handling all the dirty diapersI think Ive earned that much.
"Deal," Aldric chuckled, gazing at the love of his life, remembering the timid maiden who had captured his attention from the very beginning.
The first step in completely claiming her heart.
They walked into the celebration, still wrapped in ---- The drink spilled over the stone tiles from the still- open spigot.
His hand clutched his chest as sharp, unbearable pain threatened to pull him into unconsciousness, his legs nearly buckling beneath him.
It felt like his heart would explode into a thousand pieces, his veins swelling and pounding erratically.
He stumbled, crashing against a barrel, dizzy.
The sensation was overwhelming, lethal...
but just as quickly as it came, it vanished.
In mere seconds, it was gone.
He was left panting, sweat beading his forehead, waiting for the pain to return at any moment.
He ran his magic through his body, searching for anything unusual.
There was nothing...
except he actually felt better than before.
Tightening his grip, he shut off the spigot forcefully.
He didnt want to worry Sigrid hopefully, she hadnt felt anything.
###Chapter 544
---- The crowd erupted into applause, and soon, they were all dancing around themeven the Selenia Queen, supported by her massive red-haired mate, breathing heavily under the weight of her enormous belly but feeling lighter than ever in her heart.
The future was bright and filled with hope.
This time, they had to get it right.
Love had triumphed over darkness, and they would defend that victory at all costs.
END OF BOOK ONE.
---- "Shall we play?" The palace musicians hesitated for a moment.
"Play something lively!" Aldric barked with a wicked glint in his eyes.
He wanted to see that bastard make a fool of himself.
After all, he had taken the sweet bun Aldric had guarded for over twenty yearsthat damn bastard.
Silas always strutted around acting serious and composed.
The music struck up, lively and vibrant, the melodies of violins, bagpipes, and flutes filling the air.
Tambourines marked the rhythm as the dancers moved atop the wooden table, which trembled with every step.
Silas lifted Sigrid into his arms, gripping her waist as he spun her through the air, the joy of his Selenia shining in his eyes and soul.
---- each others embrace, as lively voices echoed through the hall.
"The Specter King has lost! I propose he dances on the table!" Daves drunken roar shook the walls, but the room fell silent in an instant, terrified.
Even the fly buzzing around stopped midair and shut its mouth.
"Heh, heh, forgive him, Mr.
Silas," Julianne said quickly, clamping a hand over her mates mouth.
" When he drinks, he gets a little crazy, and his tongue runs wild." They could all die at any moment, judging by the expression on Silass face.
Who would dare ask the Specter King to dance? But everyones jaws dropped when he actually stood up from his seat and climbed onto the grand table.
He extended his hand toward Sigrid, who gripped the edges of her dress with a smile and stepped up onto the benches.
###Chapter 545
---- 302.
DARK SEDUCTION - THE DEAL.
IN THE ELEMENTAL REALM, BEFORE SILAS OPENED THE BARRIER TO THE SUPERNATURAL REALM KATHERINE The stench of dampness and rot clung to every corner of my small "room "or rather, the cell that held me captive, hidden from the world.
Thugged myself, curled up in a filthy corner, trembling, pressing my knees to my chest.
My wrists were raw from the chains, my bare feet covered in grime, and my skeletal body barely concealed by a tattered white gown.
My teeth chattered against the gag that kept me silent, my entire system drugged to the brink by the powerful sedatives that he injected into me.
Laurence.
My caretaker or, more accurately, my personal executioner in this prison.
I struggled to take in a deep breath.
It felt like I was suffocating, my congested chest rising and falling slowly as my mind started to drift.
Thated feeling like this, hated how my will to hold onto life faded more and more along with my strength.
Footsteps echoed in the distance, and I tensed with hatred.
It was probably him.
What was he up to today? Tonly hoped he wasnt coming to do disgusting things to my body.
To survive in this Retirement Hospital, I had endured unspeakable things just to get a single plate of warm food after days of starvation.
The lock rattled with a metallic clink, and I thought I heard voices outside.
---- glared at her with pure hatred.
I weighed my options, contemplating whether I could lunge at her and strangle her with the chains that bound me.
I loathed her with every fiber of my being.
My breathing turned ragged as rage overtook me, my vision turning red.
My fists clenched so tightly my nails dug into my skin.
How dare she stand in front of me?! HOW DARE SHE?! "T know exactly what youre thinking, Katherine," she said with unbearable calm.
"I didnt come here for forgiveness.
I know what I did to you is beyond redemption." Ijust stared at her.
I couldnt speak, but I screamed at her in my mind.
The lump in my throat grew heavier, and the storm raging inside me threatened to tear me apart.
"You dont need to stain your hands.
Fate has already taken care of that," she said as she began unfastening the luxurious buttons at the neckline of her sapphire-blue dress.
She loosened the silk laces of her undergarments.
I had no idea what this bitch was trying to do.
"Tm dying, as you can see," she murmured, finally peeling back the fabric and revealing the darkened veins, twisted like cursed tattoos over her pale skin.
"T dont know if I was infected by the dark mist that lingers in the air, surrounding the realm, or if...
its that thing.
And because I never knew how to handle it, never accepted it, this is happening to me." That "thing" was magic.
The very magic that had gotten me locked away in this asylum by our ---- From behind the leather mask covering my entire face, my eyes flicked toward the entrance.
Something was happeningthis was different from the other days.
Then, before I even saw her, I smelled her.
A floral scent filled the air, and my heart pounded in recognition.
The sharp click of heels echoed over the stone tiles, and she stepped into the cramped, miserable space.
Her chestnut hair was elegantly styled, her matching brown eyes swept the cell with disdainuntil they landed on the beast crouched in the comer.
Me.
Her eyes widened in shock, but she quickly concealed it behind that mask of hypocrisy.
"Do you want me to stay with you, Duchess...2" "T already said I dont want my status or name mentioned," she cut him off coldly, pulling a delicate handkerchief from her lavish gown and pressing it to her nose in disgust.
"Leave us alone.
And make sure no one interrupts." Laurence nodded and shut the door, but not before giving me a look dripping with malice and hidden intentions.
Even though I wore a mask to hide my identity, he had already removed it in secret once before.
He knew very well that the so-called "Duchess" and I were twin sisters.
BAM! The iron door slammed shut with a dull echo.
She stood in silence, and from behind the small openings in my mask, I
###Chapter 546
---- If he ever discovered magic ran through my veins, my head would roll on the very first day.
---- Rossella proposed it as casually as discussing the weather, making me immediately suspect a trapbut then I saw it.
The dark marks on her chest.
A death sentence.
I didnt respond right away.
I looked around at this tiny cell, the place that had been my entire world for the past ten years.
The place where I had lost myself.
Where I had been forced to do so many degrading things just to survive.
Even when I had wanted to die, they hadnt allowed me to do so in peace.
Now, she was offering me a new life.
But more importantly, she was offering me my daughter.
This time, I had to protect her.
No one would take her away from me.
I stood up on unsteady legs, my body weak and frail.
She reached out to steady me, but I shoved her away in disgust.
It didnt matter that I was the filthy one and she the refined lady.
After a few seconds, I nodded.
I still couldnt speak clearly, but my determination was unmistakable.
"Thank the Heavens you accepted," she sighed in relief.
"Tll speak to the head of the sanatorium today to arrange your transfer to the countryside.
You need at least a month of training before presenting yourself at the Duchy." My entire world shifted in a single second.
I didnt know if I had just accepted my salvation...
or my damnation.
How could the Duke not recognize his own wife? What kind of man was he? ---- own father.
She was supposed to be the healthy twin, the Elemental twinand I was the supernatural freak.
A rough, deranged, and utterly insane laugh tore from my throat, muffled by the leather gag.
She had no idea how badly I wanted to watch her die.
"T suppose its what I deserve," she continued, unfazed by my reaction.
" At the very least, I hope it brings you a bit of joy.
But I came here to ask you for one last favor..
Iimmediately stopped laughing.
"I need you to take my place in Everharts Duchy.
No one there knows I have a twin sister.
Im married to the Duke who controls all those lands.
IfI die, they ll be lostalong with the ones Father purchased..." I sprang to my feet so fast that the chains tore open fresh wounds on my wrists.
Blood dripped to the floor as I lunged at her like a madwoman.
Iscreamed behind the gag, my eyes bulging with rage, my nails just inches from her throat, desperate to tear into her, to strangle her...
Rossella didnt move.
She just stared at me, standing tall, dignified, and calculated as always.
"YOU RUINED MY LIFE! YOU BETRAYED YOUR OWN SISTER! YOU TOLD FATHER I HAD MAGIC, AND BECAUSE OF YOU, I WAS LOCKED UP IN HERE LIKE A DISGRACE, LIKE AN ANIMAL! AND NOW YOU WANT ME TO TAKE YOUR PLACE?!" Her next words struck like an ice-cold blade to my heart.
"Shes alive.
The baby is alive." ---- And just like that, it was as if a bucket of freezing water had extinguished all my murderous rage.
I studied her face, searching for lies in her words.
"Father lied to you about that too.
She survived her birth, and I raised her as my own daughteryours and the Dukes." My lips trembled uncontrollably as salty tears spilled from the corners of my eyes.
I thought I could never cry again, that all my self-pity had long since faded.
I was wrong.
My hands reached for the leather mask that dug painfully into my face.
I lowered my head, and sobs tore from my chestmuffled screams of agony and suffering.
I didnt want to appear weak in front of her, but I collapsed to my knees.
Hard.
Dizzy and overwhelmed.
My baby.
The child I believed to be dead.
The one I had mourned every night in bitter remembrance...
was alive.
My mind was in chaos.
"Things are more complicated than you think.
If I die, the child will be left unprotected, at the Dukes mercy.
He knows she isnt his legitimate heir and could cast her out of the Duchy without hesitation.
Father and he made a deal, and you need to know everything I do." I lifted my head, my disheveled, dirty hair falling over my face.
I stared at her, my mind swirling with a thousand turbulent thoughts.
"I want to leave in peace, Katherine.
I stole your life, and now I wish to give it back to youthe chance for you and Lavinia to be safe and secure.
All you have to do is take my place.
You only need to become the Duchess of Everhart."
###Chapter 547
303.
I AM ROSSELLA EVERHART ROSSELLA I watched through the window on the second floor of the family villa, observing how my twin sister practiced over and over to take my place.
Abitter laugh curled on my lips, followed by the sharp taste of iron rising up my throat, tearing through me.
Ipressed the handkerchief to my mouth as a violent cough wracked my body.
It felt like all my organs were turning to mush, dying slowly and agonizingly.
It was my punishment.
I knew it.
I was the one who stole her life in the first place.
Ilooked at the delicate handkerchief, now stained with a grotesque splash of blood, my lifeless eyes darkened by the shadow of death.
I remembered those days.
Now more than ever.
And the weight of remorse crushed my soul.
?I had arrived for a visit to the lands of the Everhart Duchy.
We were country folknot poor, not rich, just part of a decaying middle class.
My father had spent almost all his savings, obsessed with purchasing land for sale in that faraway duchy, claiming it was time to move up in the world.
When [arrived and saw his investment a swamp and an old forestI felt nothing but disappointment.
"Fool! The best decision I ever made was buying this land next to the Dukes territory! Rossella, you cant imagine, daughter, you cant imagine what I discovered! We will be rich, we will be nobles!" he shouted euphorically, laughing like amadman.
---- there was no stopping it.
She had fought like a wild animal to protect her pregnancy.
Father was insane.
He said it didnt matterthat the Duke would accept the bastard child as his own.
I didnt understand what dark secret my father held over the Duke.
"Pm your daughter too! I have no partner, no childrenI am the ideal choice!" I protested, furious and heartbroken.
Thad always known it.
She was the favorite.
Katherine.
The perfect one.
"Your sister is the better choice.
This was just a mistake.
But Katherine is smarter and more seductive.
Youre too cold, Rossella!" he shouted mercilessly.
"Tll open the doors, but someone has to win over the Dukes heart, and youre too stiff!" Icouldnt believe it.
I cried for hours, my mind drowning in hatred and resentment.
But there was another secret about Katherine.
The worst one of all.
I would prove to my father who his beloved daughter really was.
Katherine went into labor during an argument with him, demanding to know what had happened to Brendan.
Maybe by then, Father had already buried him in silence.
Inside the birthing chamber, I saw my opportunity.
Our old nursethe woman who had raised uswas assisting her.
The baby wasnt coming.
She was in a bad position, time was running out, and it looked like ---- I didnt understand a thing.
Father didnt give me any details.
But his next words marked the beginning of every wrong choice I ever made.
"Tm returning with you to the countryside.
I have to set things in order Ineed to prepare your sister.
Daughter..." he said more seriously, placing his hands on my shoulders.
"lm going to marry Katherine to the Duke of Everhart.
Im sorry, but shes the eldest and the more level-headed one.
You still live well as her twin sister." "The...
Duke of Everhart?" I repeated like an idiot, thinking I was imagining things.
But my father confirmed itthe Duke would marry my sister.
No.
No, I couldnt accept that.
She wasnt the right one.
Besides, Father didnt know the scandalous secret Katherine was keeping from him.
He hadnt been home for months.
"Father, actually, Katherine has a little surprise waiting for you when you return.
She..." I clenched my fists under his sharp gaze.
"Shes having an affair with Brendan.
And she let herself get pregnant." "WHAT?!" Father exploded with rage.
I had just arrived, and already, I had to go back home with him.
I thought he would abandon the idea of marrying off Katherine, but he didnt.
Somehow, he got rid of Brendanthe gardener on our estate.
Katherine was going to give birth to a baby.
She was already at full term ----
###Chapter 548
---- The pause was brief; as soon as they recognized the Dukes crest, they let us through.
I shifted the lace curtain slightly.
Outside, the city was bustling, lively, busy.
Thad never seen such prosperity before.
My eyes darted across the massive stone buildings we passed, the crowded streets, filled with exotic goods and spiced aromas.
Ten years...
the world had moved on without me.
"Fix that expression.
Remember who you are now," Freya muttered, adjusting her headscarf.
With every meter forward, we drew closer to the hill, to the Dukes castle.
When the carriage finally stopped, I felt the coachman dismount.
Sweat dampened my back.
Panic coiled around my throat.
?My daughter.
Iam doing this for my daughter.
I cannot fail? I swallowed the lump in my throat, and as the door swung open, I adjusted my gloves and stepped into the role I had to play.
Katherine Pembroke died in that asylum.
I am Rossella Everhart.
The Duchess of Everhart.
---- From the moment I saw him, everything about him fascinated me.
His roughness, his wild, piercing blue eyes, his sharp and masculine features...
his disdain...
Tears spilled from my motionless eyes.
?Not once...
not even once...
did you ever want to make love to me, Elliot? sek KATHERINE My body rocked with the movement of the carriage, the coachman urging the horses forward, hoping to reach Everhart Duchy before nightfall.
I pulled back the curtain, peering outside.
The green hills stretched endlessly toward the horizon, sheep grazing in the distance.
The sun sank behind the ever-present black clouds that never seemed to leave.
In this realm, light always had to fight to break through the darkness.
"Dont be nervous.
You ll do just fine," Freyas voice pulled me from my thoughts.
I met her wise, dark eyes and nodded.
I hadnt eaten since we left.
I couldnt.
Even a piece of bread refused to go down my throat.
Nervous? That word didnt even begin to describe what I felt.
Freya had been our nursemaid, the only person in that house who had ever genuinely cared for me, and now! wanted her to come with me so I could protect her.
I twisted my hands together, a thousand thoughts racing through my mind.
The journey continued, and soon, the carriage halted before towering walls.
---- would be condemned.
I didnt know where it had come from.
I always suspected our mother had been the strange oneshe died after giving birth to us.
We never knew her.
Father never spoke of her.
By the time Katherine regained consciousness, she was already on her way to that mental institution, locked away.
Father didnt have the heart to kill her, so he hid her.
I took her place, her daughter, and became the betrothed of the Duke living in the countryside.
It was a rushed, discreet wedding.
People whispered that I had been pregnant out of wedlock, but no one dared to say it openly in front of the Duke.
However, they didnt respect me.
He never gave me my rightful place.
I knew exactly what the servants and even the people of the Duchy whispered behind my back? ook I staggered toward the bed, but my legs wouldnt hold me.
Tripping over a fold in the carpet and my own feet, I collapsed onto the floor.
So much pain...
It felt like that thing inside my body was consuming me, tearing me apart.
My heart beat slower and slower.
Ilet out a bitter smile, staring at the white ceiling, my trembling hand pressing against my chest, my vision growing blurry.
In my final moments, I thought of him.
I did love him.
---- Katherine might die.
Then, Katherine lost control.
Her body began to glow with eerie, supernatural lights, magic swirling around us.
Nana almost had a heart attack from the shock.
But it wasnt the first time Katherine had done this.
Years ago, when our dog died, she had lost control the same way.
Father never knew.
I had kept quiet, terrified that Id be accused of carrying that same supernatural plague.
The baby was born, but Katherines body was covered in unnatural markings.
She floated above the bed, eyes blank, hair billowing around her.
It was horrifying.
Nana tried to calm her down.
She handed the baby to me.
She glanced fearfully at the door.
My father called from the hallway, asking what was happening, and Nana looked at me pleadingly.
She wanted me to stay silent again, to hide my sisters abomination.
Not this time.
"Aaaahhh! Katherine, what are you doing?! Whats happening to you?! Father, save us! Father!" I screamed at the top of my lungs.
The baby wailed, shaken by the chaos.
My father, alarmed, burst into the room, shoving the door open.
Among the bloodied rags and soiled sheets, he saw what had become of my sister.
This time, there was no justification.
Nothing could make her the favored daughter over me.
If anyone found out Katherine had magic in her veins, our entire family
###Chapter 549
---- 304.
MY HUSBAND'S WELCOME KATHERINE The fine black boots touched the cobblestones of the inner courtyard.
The corset restricted my movements, forcing me to step carefully as I descended, using the coachmans hand for support.
I struggled not to let my gaze wander too much, not to show any awe at the imposing white stone fortress before me.
The castle was magnificent, adorned with intricate details and luxury in every corner.
"Your Grace, welcome." Awoman with gray-streaked hair, pulled tightly into a bun, stepped forward to greet me, accompanied by several maids.
She was the housekeeper.
I had studied everyone here.
"Mrs.
Prescott, have my luggage taken to my room," I ordered coldly, following my words with a few fake coughs as I pulled my heavy cloak tighter around my chest.
My voice was huskier than my sisters.
After so many years gagged, speaking only when necessary, it was difficult to make my vocal cords function properly again.
So, I pretended to still be recovering from the pulmonary illness Rossella had used as an excuse to retreat to the countryside for a month.
"Yes, Your Grace, right away.
Ive also had the fireplace lit in your chamber, and your rose bath is prepared," she responded efficiently, handing me warm cloths to wipe my hands.
---- "My daughter.
How is she?" It was the only thing I had truly cared about since setting foot here.
As I walked gracefully toward the grand staircase leading to the main doors, I held my breath, desperate for the answer.
"Lady Lavinia is studying in her room." My heart skipped a beat.
I wanted to run to her.
My steps echoed through the vast grand hall.
Thad never set foot in this place before, yet it felt as though I had known it my entire life.
I had studied the blueprints, the staff, every single detail Rossella had given me.
"Freya, come with me.
Her things will be placed in the nearest vacant room next to my daughter's," I commanded.
My old nursemaid followed closely.
No one dared challenge me at least not openly.
Though I caught a few disdainful glances from some of the maids standing in a corner, I ignored them.
Perhaps it was just my nerves.
Deep down, I was terrified.
I concealed my trembling hands in the folds of my cloak, keeping my chin high, my demeanor arrogant.
The housekeeper led the way.
We ascended the plush red-carpeted stairs, the massive tapestries covering the stone walls, and above us, a golden chandelier hung from the towering ceiling.
The air smelled of freshly polished wood, fragrant flowers in overflowing vases, and delicious food wafting in from the castles kitchens.---- Everything here was new to me.
Incredible.
At least my daughter had lived a good life.
Far better than the one I could have given her in our tiny cottage in the countryside.
BAM! BAM! I flinched at the sudden gunshots followed by the violent crash of a struggle, furious growls.
"You're a fool if you think you can steal from me right under my nose!" "How dare you embezzle funds from my Duchy?!" Iturned sharply toward the hallway ahead, where a study door burst open with force.
A tall, intimidating man strode out.
Dragging something behind him.
His tailored suit did little to hide his massive build, his movements rough, wildas if he were more beast than noble.
And in his iron grip, he held...
Abody? Stunned, I watched as he halted at the landing of the stairs and flung the man over the edge.
A lifeless figure, his shirt soaked in blood, a bullet wound pierced cleanly through his forehead.
The dark-haired Duke gave a callous push with his boot, sending the corpse rolling down the carpeted steps, leaving a vivid red trail until it landed with a dull thud on the marble floor.
Apool of blood immediately began to spread.
It all happened in mere seconds.
###Chapter 550
---- "Get out and wait for me in Lavinias study." "But I havent finished bathing her." "T said get out, and dont make me repeat myself!" I snapped, pointing at the door.
Who do you think you are to yell at my Nana like that?!" My daughters sudden scream froze me in place.
My eyes met hersthose deep brown eyesstaring at me with...
Hate.
---- She practically ran downstairs, despite her age.
The Duke seemed like a man who didnt hesitate.
This was his domain, a place where he could kill anyone without blinking.
A sudden wave of fear clenched my heart.
It was best to stay far away from that rude, arrogant brute.
If he hated Rossella, then that would be perfect.
ook "My lady..." Freyas voice snapped me out of my trance.
Iwas standing in front of that door.
I had been staring at the wood for nearly a minute.
"I know, Freya.
I know..." With a trembling hand, I slowly turned the knob and entered my daughters room.
The first space was an antechamber, set up as a small study, with a bookshelf behind a desk fitted to her size, and comfortable armchairs arranged before it.
I walked as if my heart were galloping with a thousand horses inside me.
Sweating, my mind playing cruel tricks on me.
Memories.
I had to calm down.
But when I stepped into the adjacent bedroom, I didnt find her there either.
It was her room, but it wasnt decorated like that of a ten-year-old girl.
It was dry, seriousmore like a room for an adult.
Muffled voices came from a side door, along with the sound of running water.
---- I didnt know why, but I approached quietly.
She was bathing...
or someone was bathing her.
Yes, someone was bathing her.
"_., But...
but I feel weird, Nana." I heard an innocent voice speaking.
Ipressed closer to the door, straining to hear.
"Silly girl, boys are always more curious.
You are very beautiful, Lavinia, but there are always things a girl must do to make them even more interested in her..." It was the voice of a woman.
I frowned, listening closely.
"So...
so if I let him do that, Theodore will be more my friend?" "Of course.
With how lovely you are, he1I be under your skirt in no time.
Hes a fine young man, very responsible, and he will take good care of you." What does it mean to have him under my skirt, Nana? Why would Theodore want to go there?" "Its when a woman" BAM! Ishoved the door open, enraged.
I hadnt heard the whole conversation, but it was already far too inappropriate for an innocent child.
The blonde woman beside the porcelain tub turned to me, startled, a sponge still in her hand.
Her eyes widened in shock at the sight of me, but then something shifted in her gaze, and she calmed.
"Duchess, I didnt know you would be arriving, or I would have had Lady Lavinia ready" ---- No one spoke.
The servants remained silent, their heads bowed, tense, nervous.
I forced myself to look back at him.
And when our gazes locked, I felt a chill run down my spine.
His icy blue eyes were sharp, piercing void of warmth, void of mercy.
Masculine.
Fierce.
Cruel.
But his contempt drowned out any hint of beauty in his savage features.
Iwas standing before the Duke of Everhart.
Of that, I was certain.
He hated me.
Or rather, he hated Rossella...
And now, I was her.
I tried to open my mouth...
After months without seeing his wifeand even more so after she had supposedly left to "recover from an illness'""I assumed he would at least greet her, right? "Your Grace" "Get that thief out of my house and replace the carpet!" he commanded the servants, cutting me off and completely ignoring me.
Without another word, he strode briskly back into his study and slammed the door shut, rudely.
I stood there like an idiot, perplexed and a little humiliated.
Things were worse than I had imagined.
What had my father used to blackmail the Duke into accepting a wife he didnt want and recognizing a child that wasnt his? Such an important detail, and Rossella hadnt even known it.
"Mrs.
Prescott, go and carry out the Dukes orders.
I will go to my quarters alone," I dismissed the housekeeper.
###Chapter 551
305.
YOU'RE FIRED! KATHERINE I stood frozen for a moment, unsure of how to respond.
A storm of conflicting emotions crashed inside my chest.
The overwhelming joy of finally meeting her, the nervousness of getting close, of how she would treat me, of whether I could win back her love after more than ten years...
and now...
Now, all that remained was the bitterness of seeing my daughter treat me as an enemy, a stranger.
"Tam your mother, Lavinia, and I only want whats best for you..." "T dont have a mother! You have no right to call yourself that! Get out of my room, leave, leave...!"" she started screaming, throwing water at me.
Asoapy sponge hit me directly on the chest, soaking my dress and skin, splashing my face.
I clenched my fists, my whole body trembling.
My gaze moved from her tantrum to the so-called "nanny" standing in the corner.
She quickly lowered her eyes, but I saw it clearlythe smugness and mockery in them.
"Leave the bathroom.
I wont say it again," I ordered coldly, taking control.
My chest ached from Lavinias rejection, but I would have time to win her over, to fix the mess my sister had left behind.
Now, I would protect her, even if it meant making her hate me more.
"I'm sorry, my lady, but you'll have to finish on your own today.
My ---- apologies..." the woman said pitifully, stepping forward to stroke Lavinias wet hair as if she were her mother.
"No, nanny, dont go, dont leave!...
The child clung to her arm, and ina single glance, I could see itthis woman had taken Rossellas place, who, it seemed, didnt even spare my daughter a second look.
I wanted to dig her out of the ground just to kill her myself.
The "nanny" walked past me, finally leaving the bathroom.
"Dm going to tell Father so he punishes you for abusing nanny! You re awful, I hate you, I hate you!" "But I love you, my daughter...
I just want to take care of you..." I whispered, swallowing the lump in my throat and shoving all those weak emotions deep inside.
"Finish your bath, dont catch a cold.
Lady Freya is waiting outsideshe was my nanny, and she will assist you." I spoke and left the enormous, luxurious bathroom, leaving her throwing a fit behind me.
"Take care of her, make sure she doesnt fall or anything.
Be patient," I whispered to Freya, who nodded as she stood waiting in Lavinias room.
Taking a deep breath, I stepped into the small study, closing the door behind me.
What have you been saying to my daughter?" I asked the woman, walking up to confront her.
"Nothing important, madam.
Just little girl tal ----
###Chapter 552
---- Sweat trickled down my skin, making my dress cling to me like a second layer.
My legs wobbled, and I leaned against the wooden desk, my breath ragged.
Trying to pull myself together, I had the horrible feeling that this confrontation was only the beginning of the nightmare awaiting me.
As expected, Lavinia refused to see me in her room, demanding I bring back her nanny.
She, of course, also acted out against Freya.
My old nanny had endless patience.
Alifetime as a governess had taught her that time was needed.
It was clear I couldnt force things from the start.
The change was too drastic, and I couldnt draw too much attention.
Sighing, I finally headed to Rossellas room, and Freya also left with a maid to settle into hers.
---- Youre fired!" I screamed, enraged.
She looked at me, her eyes red with fury, holding her cheek where I had hit her with all my strength.
I knew it hurt, but not as much as her words had hurt me.
"How dare you strike me?!" "I dare because I am the Duchess, the owner of everything here, whether you like it or not!" I shouted, cutting off her complaints.
Thad to remind myself every second who I was now, or else I would drag her out of here by her hair myself.
Tears of rage rolled down her cheeks.
She was on the verge of hitting me back.
What are you going to do about it? Tell me!" I stepped forward again, threatening, ready for anything.
"This isnt over! Ill speak to the Duke!" the wretched woman threatened, turning on her heel and slamming the door behind her as if this were her house.
It was obvious that, despite Rossellas neglect, this woman had been poisoning my daughters mind, making herself indispensable to her, turning her against Rossella.
That was where her confidence came fromthe belief that she was irreplaceable.
My whole body trembled, my inner madness wanting to burst out.
Tlowered my head, the pain pounding in my skull, clutching it with my pale, cold hands.
---- "You think its appropriate to tell a ten-year-old girl she can lure aman under her skirt?" I asked through clenched teeth.
Her relaxed attitude was seriously pissing me off.
She didnt even look nervous or remorseful.
I wanted to ask who this Theodore was, but I didnt want to give myself away.
Id find out later.
"T already told you, she was just curious, as any girl her age would be.
I was only giving her advice on how to be likable and not grow up to be an arrogant, despised Duchess," she said, looking me straight in the eye, making no effort to hide.
I realized there was no respect for my sister in this household.
"Who the hell do you think you are to give MY DAUGHTER advice on how to please men?" My voice rose, fury coursing through me.
"Tm the one who held her in my arms since she was a baby, who gave her the motherly love you never did," she retorted defiantly, even stepping closer.
"Its better she learns how to truly win a mans heart rather than resorting to tricks like getting pregnant and then abandoning the child like trash..." SLAP! My hand moved on its own, striking her face hard.
How dare this insolent woman say I abandoned my daughter?! Iknew she was talking about Rossella, but I wouldnt let her get away with it either! "You are leaving this estate! You will never be Lavinias nanny again!
###Chapter 553
---- 306.
DINNER WITH THE DUKE KATHERINE Night had already fallen.
I was drenched in water, covered in the dust from the road, and utterly exhaustedmore mentally than physically.
I stepped into a small sitting room, adorned with lavish furniture anda tea service table.
The décor was exquisite: paintings, heavy drapes, finely crafted hardwood furnitureeven the ceiling had intricate detailing.
Everything was beautiful, but if you looked closely, certain details stood outthe cobwebs half-hidden in the corners, the dust poorly wiped away.
When I opened the bedroom door, the stale, damp smell hit my nose, despite the clean sheets.
Whoever was in charge of cleaning this room did everything but clean properly.
At least they had left the fireplace burning in the cold room.
When I opened the enormous wooden wardrobe, I almost expected bats to come flying out like from a cave.
That thing hadnt taken a single breath of air in all this time.
Well, what a pathetic excuse for a Duchess you were, dear sister, I murmured with a sigh.
I grabbed the simplest dress with the least musty smell, though to me who had spent ten years in a cell smaller than that closet, dressed in nothing but a filthy shiftit felt exquisite.
---- Alright, following this hallway, I should find the suits of armor...
ah, there they are.
Then the tapestry of the man on horseback and the staircase to the first floor." The layout played out in my mind.
Ihad memorized it every day, so I arrived at the massive dining hall, large enough to accommodate about fifty people.
It was imposing, and that never-ending table, set just for the two of us, looked desolate.
Madam, this way, a footman guided me to a chair placed almost in the middle of the table.
Here? I asked, instantly regretting it when he gave me a look that screamed obviously.
This is where you always dine, Your Ladyship.
Is there a problem? he asked, and I glanced at the head of the table.
At the very least, I had assumed Id be seated beside the Duke, but I was placed more than five chairs away from him.
No, this is fine, I replied, gathering the voluminous skirt of my turquoise dress and sitting with elegance.
Drawing from all the etiquette I had learned and refined, built upon the little I had known before.
Toccupied myself by examining the tablewarethe white porcelain decorated with blue flowers.
Time passed; I slowly raised my head, watching for the Dukes arrival, the food, or anything at all...
My stomach churned worse than lice in a greasy scalp, and my ass had already gone numb from sitting so long.
---- When I stepped into the bathroom, it was the same as the bedroom barely cleaned after months of neglect.
And to think you betrayed me for this life of hypocrisy...
You were truly pathetic, Rossella, I scoffed while sinking into the so-called rose bath, which was more cold water than anything else, inside the yellowed tub.
As the lady of the house, I should have had a maid or more trailing after me, attending to my every need, even washing my...
feet if necessary, but there was no one.
Why did the servants dare to treat me this way? It was obviousthe Duke allowed it.
Still, for me, it was an advantage now.
Once I was dressed and drying my hair, a maid knocked on the door.
Come in, I called out, and I heard her walk from the antechamber to the open doorway.
Your Ladyship, dinner is ready, she informed me, and I nodded.
Lady Lavinia requested to dine in her room.
Very well, I replied with a sigh.
The lady who arrived with mesee that she is well attended as part of my personal staff, I instructed, firm but not harsh.
Yes, maam.
I will inform the housekeeper, she answered before leaving without much ceremony.
Irecalled what Rossella had told me about her duties, one of which was dining with the Duke whenever he was at the castle.
With little time to freshen up and my stomach growling from hunger, I headed toward the dining hall.
###Chapter 554
---- Bang, bang...! The clock chimed.
Ilooked up, astonished to realize that between one thing and another, I had been sitting here like an idiot for almost an hour.
Waiter! I called out, and a man immediately appeared from a side door likely leading to the kitchen.
Yes, Your Ladyship? Why hasnt the food been served? Madam, the Duke has not come down to dine.
He is still in his study, and as you know, we cannot serve until the master arrives.
What?! I nearly bit my tongue to keep from screaming.
Then why did you summon me, telling me dinner was ready? I asked, trying to keep my temper in check.
After all, he was only following orders.
Tt is the usual dinner hour, so we informed you.
Everything is prepared for when the Duke comes down...
Twant to eat alone.
Serve me now.
That would be against the rules, an arrogant male voice suddenly cut in.
I turned toward the speakeran impeccably dressed man in a black uniform, square spectacles perched on his face, and silver-streaked hair slicked back rigidly.
The butler and castle administrator, Mr.
Wallace.
T only wish to dine, Mr.
Wallace.
If the Duke is busy, then I will eat ---- alone, I said, matching his haughty tone.
Even my sister had warned me about this man.
He had the Dukes full support and trust, which gave him far too much confidence.
Tm sorry, Duchess, but you must wait Fine, I interrupted, abruptly rising from the table.
I wasnt waiting another second for that idiot to decide he was ready to eat.
Iwas not Rossella, desperate to be by his side.
Then serve my dinner in my room, I said, tossing my napkin onto the table, ready to leave this ridiculous scene behind, heels clicking sharply against the floor.
T cannot do that either, he said behind me, making me halt.
I gritted my teeth.
Damn it, could I not even have a peaceful dinner?! All the food has already been transferred to the dining chamber, he gestured toward the exit, and it cannot be touched until the Duke arrives.
There is nothing left in the kitchen.
?Then tell the damn cook to make something for me, you idiot!? I roared internally but forced myself to count to a thousand and back.
I didnt answer.
I would go to the kitchen myselfI refused to endure this humiliation any longer, only for the little Duke to decide he wasnt even in the mood to eat tonight.
With determination, I threw open the double doorsonly to have my face crash directly into something solid.
###Chapter 555
---- 307.
PIG VS DUKE KATHERINE Iclutched my nose, on the verge of tears from the pain, and looked up to see the wall I had crashed into.
Aman, well over six feet tall, with powerful muscles beneath his white shirt, which had a few buttons undone, revealing his sexy chest.
The black tunic with silver embroidery draped over him made him look even more imposing.
looked like a tiny thing at barely five foot three, standing in front of him.
His blue eyes locked onto me, so intense that I started feeling nervous, fearing he might suspect something.
The scent of his colognemasculine, with hints of bergamotstung my nose, dominating my senses.
What are you doing? he asked in a deep, cold voice, that rough, authoritative undertone unmistakable.
I took a step back; we were too close.
I needed to be cautious.
This man...
this man screamed danger from every angle.
Waiting for Your Lordship to dine, I replied curtly, turning on my heel and returning to my seat.
The truth was, I wanted to challenge him, but the real Rossella wouldnt have.
Talso considered leaving, but my stomach wouldnt allow it.
Thad done far worse for a hot meal than sit through dinner with this ill----- mannered Duke.
He took his place, seated far from the outcast, and finallythank the heavensthe carts carrying the food arrived.
When the scent of the meat-laden broth and freshly baked bread hit me, I forgot my own name.
I devoured the chunks of pork floating in the oily liquid with a fury.
?..mmm, so tender, it melts in the mouth...? late with delight, ignoring everything around me, nearly licking the porcelain clean.
Were you starving in your familys home? I froze when his voice spoke again.
Damn, I had forgotten about the Duke.
Ireached for my wine glass with deliberate graceafter eating like a pig and took a sip, helping the bread stuck in my throat go down.
Dinner started over an hour ago, Your Lordship, I met his gaze with reproach I was a little hungry, thank you for asking.
Im finished now; if you ll excuse me.
Good night.
And with that, I dabbed my mouth with the napkin and stood, not sparing him another glance.
Icould have sworn he was frowning, and the butlers expression was a masterpiece.
If he didnt want to see me, I wouldnt force him with my presence.
How dare you leave before the Duke has finished dining? Suddenly, the butler blocked my path as I was leaving.
###Chapter 556
---- everything that comes from you.
I told you! dont want you in my room anymore! Leave! she screamed, pointing at the door.
How coulda ten-year-old girl hold so much venom? Lady Lavinia, I found the ribbon you wanted...
Oh, its you...
---- How dare you speak to me like that? I challenged, lifting my chin.
I have finished my meal, and I wish to return to my room.
Who will stop me? You? Ibegan moving forward, clutching the skirt of my dress tightly.
In this house, everyone treated Rossella like a used ragthat had to change.
Texpected him to step aside, at least out of respect, maybe even looking offended.
But instead, he stood his ground and even signaled to the footman.
I started to believe they were planning to force me back to the table.
Let her go.
If she wants to leave, let her.
That cold voice, almost a low growl like a beast, resonated through the vast dining hall.
The butler shot me an angry look but stepped aside, and I walked straight to the exit.
Once I shut the door behind me, I pressed a hand to my chest.
Iwas scared.
That mans presence was crushing.
I didnt want to dine with him againor share anything with him.
I would avoid him at all costs.
Thats what I thought...
but by the next morning, I found myself facing him once again.
ook I woke up earlyvery earlyand went to the kitchen.
The maids and cooks looked at me in horror when I started preparing breakfast myself.
---- Iknew how to cook very well, and so did Rossella.
It was part of every womans education for when she married.
I took an empty workstation in the massive kitchen and began making something delicious for my daughter.
lignored the malicious glances and the provocative whispers.
With the tray in my hands, I was happier than ever as I climbed the stairs to her room.
Iknocked gently, and when I heard her little voice say, Come in, a small smile crept to the corner of my lips.
This was the first step to winning her heart.
When I entered, I found her organizing her schoolwork on her desk.
The moment she saw me, her eyesso much like mineheld that contemptuous look that crushed my soul.
Good morning, sweetheart.
I brought you breakfast.
Its something delicious, try it, I said, ignoring the fact that she didnt even greet me and walked toward her, uncovering the tray to reveal the appetizing pancakes with honey and the strawberry cream the cook told me she liked.
You need to eat well so you can study hard and become a well-prepar...
BAM! Her hand shot up and smacked the tray away.
I tried to catch it quickly, but it ended up crashing onto the carpet.
Everything I had prepared with love for her now lay on the floor like garbage.
T dont want your disgusting breakfast! Nana already fed me, and I hate
###Chapter 557
---- 308.
MADWOMAN GRADUATED FROM AN INSANE ASYLUM KATHERINE Istared in disbelief at the woman I had thrown out the night before who, surprisingly, was now walking out of the inner room as if nothing had happened.
T gave you a very clear order yesterday.
What are you doing here? I asked in a low voice, careful not to make a scene in front of the girl.
The Duke is the one who hired me, and unless he dismisses me, Im not going anywhere, she answered with all the audacity in the world.
The girl started telling me to stop harassing her nanny, saying she was good, that I should just go back to the countrysidebut I didnt hear a word of it.
All I could see was that woman, her eyes filled with confidence and contempt.
Did you tell the Duke that I asked you to leave, or did you spin some lie? T told him that the lady dismissed me from her service, and he said I should stay to look after the child...
I didnt even let her finish.
I stormed out of the room like a whirlwind.
He could do whatever he wanted with his damned castle.
He could keep his servants from feeding me or let them spit in my face.
But when it came to my daughter, NO.
Ireached the study where I had seen him drag a man out the day before.
I took several deep breathsone, two, three.
Deep and slow.
I adjusted the bodice of my dress, trying to steady myself.
---- Iraised my fist to knock, and it landed much harder than it should have.
"You are Rossella.
You are Rossella." Even if you want to sink your teeth into that bastard, you have to act like a duchess.
Footsteps approached, and I waited.
I would speak politelybut if he pushed me too far, this Duke was about to learn what it meant to face a woman straight out of a madhouse.
sek ELLIOT ?.
the stored coal will last through the winter, but there have been complaints from the laborers...
Wallace was speaking, reading the morning reports.
Usually, I would be paying attention, but my mind kept wandering back to the same thing, which only soured my mood further.
Why the hell was I thinking so much about that damn harpy? My wife, the one I had been forced to marry because of that damn old mans blackmail, was as insignificant to me as the dung in the stables.
And yet, ever since that day she returned from the countryside, I had seen her step out of the carriage through the study window while that thief behind me tried to justify his actions.
Thad watched her with nothing but annoyance.
I truly wouldnt have given a damn if she had stayed away forever.
But when she lifted her brown eyes, I had expected to see nothing but her usual deception.
###Chapter 558
---- Instead, they looked...
surprised.
They shone with life.
I had tried to convince myself it was just an illusion, another one of her tricks to get my attention.
But last night, after making her wait all that time just because I could...
when she bumped into me, when our eyes met again...
Why does she look exactly the same, yet so different in so many ways? Did being close to death make her reinvent herself? No.
No, what a stupid thought...
or was it? Even her scent is similar, but not quite the same.
This thing inside me, the one I dont quite understand or control, is warning me that something is wrong with her...
or maybe too right.
That soft body colliding against my chest, the intoxicating lavender seeping into my senses, heating my bloodI had never been so aware of Rossellas femininity.
Thad expected her, as usual, to try and make conversation during dinner, stealing glances at me, throwing those cheap coquetries my way.
But I waited.
And waited.
And not even a damn look.
The meat on her plate seemed to be the most fascinating thing in the world.
The way she stood upso indifferent...
She had always waited for me to finish.
She never missed a chance to try and lure me into her bed, to tempt me.
But last night...
Her defiance.
Her rebellion.
That aura of a tough, untamed womanso fucking sexy...
those full lips glistening with grease, the pink tip of her ---- 3.
MADWOMAN G NE ASYLUM JUATED FROM AN INS tongue licking them clean...
Would she look the same sucking my? No, no, no.
Shes just trying to manipulate me, acting all dignified now.
Its just another strategy to get into my bed.
Iwont fall for her games! I hate that damn woman! I dont know for sure if she knows my secret.
Ive never dared to ask her outright because if she doesnt know, Id be handing her the most dangerous weapon against me.
That disgusting old man told me he left the proof with someone who could expose it.
Ive been searching in secret since his death and havent found anyone specific.
Could it be Rossella? Then why has she never directly threatened me with it to get what she wants? your Lordship? Yes? ...
Repeat that, I said, snapping out of my thoughts as Wallace began reading the report again.
Iwas about to respond when my nose caught that intense floral scent.
My entire body tensed, my groin tightening involuntarily.
Theard heels approaching in the hallway.
I thought they would pass by, but nothey stopped right in front of my study.
My eyes stayed fixed on the sliver of light beneath the door.
She was waiting.
And so was I.
"Knock, damn it.
Why arent you knocking?" ---- 308.
MAD IMAN GRADUATED FROM AN INS ASYLUM I found myself thinking, listening to her ragged breathing.
She was angry.
Very angry.
And I was dying for her to walk through that door and challenge me again, without holding back.
I preferred the Rossella who dropped the act, who stopped pretending to bea lamb when I knew damn well she was a wolf.
Knock, knock, knock.
Open the door, Wallace, I ordered, hiding the cold, expectant smirk creeping onto the corner of my lips.
Damn it, what the hell is happening to me?
###Chapter 559
---- 309.
MY WIFE, THE INTELLIGENT ONE KATHERINE Duchess, did you need something? The insufferable butler was the one who opened the door.
T wish to see the Duke, I replied, my tone bordering on rudeness.
His superior attitude irritated me to no end.
You know you must schedule an appointment to see His Lordship.
I can arrange one for next week...
Tts an emergency, and I need to see him now, I emphasized the now.
Icould hear the sounds of the Duke inside the room.
I didnt know if he was doing it on purpose, but I could hear papers shuffling on the desk and him reading some document.
The Duke is busy with his morning session.
He cannot be distur...
Hey, nngh! he groaned in pain when I drove the heel of my boot deep into his foot.
Taking advantage of his momentary distraction, I shoved past him and entered that arrogant bastards office.
J apologize for the interruption, Your Lordship, but I must speak with you about an urgent matter, I said, barely restraining my temper.
?Iam Rossella, I am Rossella, Iam my sisters pathetic, lovesick doormat!? Even the mantra wasnt working.
My irritation was only growing.
I could hear Wallaces footsteps behind me, his venomous gaze burning into the back of my head, but he remained silent.
---- I supposed he was waiting for the Duke himself to humiliate me as punishment.
Your Lordship, this is regarding the Mr.
Wallace, fetch me last Decembers agricultural reports from the bookshelf.
I need to review some figures, he interrupted without even lifting his eyes from his papers.
He had me standing there like an idiot in front of his desk, as if I didnt exist.
My fists clenched, itching to smash them into that smug face of his.
Here they are, sir.
The butler returned, while I racked my brain fora way to make the Duke acknowledge me.
It was obvious he was doing this on purpose.
What did he expect me to do? What would my foolish sister do? Run out crying dramatically? sir, [know youre busy, this will only take amo Dont hand it to me.
Read it aloud, Mr.
Wallace.
Tell me the grain accumulation figures from the silos.
Aaaagh! My eyes dangerously darted toward a dark crystal ornament sitting on the massive desk.
Disturbing thoughts of smashing that thing against the Dukes head flickered through my mind.
?No, no, Katherine.
Be smarter.
Dont let your crazy instincts take over.
Thats exactly what he wantsto make you lose control? And since the Duke was so busy, I decided to wait.
I slowly walked to the armchair in front of his desk, dropped onto it, and
###Chapter 560
---- made myself comfortable.
I had all day to play this little game of Bastard Duke versus Miserable Duchess.
I stared at him without blinking.
I looked like a professional stalker.
He coughed suddenly, bringing his fist to his mouth.
Fora second, I could have sworn the hint of a smirk flickered at the corner of that hateful mouth.
No, it must have been my imagination.
This ice man only hated Rossellathere was no other intention behind his actions but contempt.
?..
the figures per hectare of harvested grain are these, and we stored XXX in the silos...
Thats not right, I blurted, and then immediately wanted to slap myself.
Why the hell did I speak? My impulsiveness was getting the best of me.
And why does the Duchess think they re incorrect? Please, enlighten us with your wisdom, Mr.
Wallace quipped, setting the report down.
you're talking about the borders in the southern region, correct? He nodded.
Well, I dont know about other places, but I know the south and its agriculture very well.
That amount of land couldnt possibly yield so little wheat.
And how would you know more than the silo administrator? Has the Duchess ever worked the land? he scoffed, ready to keep running his mouth, but a cold voice cut him off.
Explain, Duchess.
Why do you believe the figures are wrong? The Duke finally addressed me.
---- For a second, I was tempted to let them keep robbing him blind.
But then I rememberedthis wealth was what I was fighting for my daughter.
Iwouldnt let anyone steal a single penny from her future.
Besides, I needed to get on his good side right now.
Look, I was just reviewing these maps you have here, I said, walking around the desk, gathering the fabric of my dress so I wouldnt trip.
I stopped beside his chair to get a better view of the enormous map he was studying.
Tf all these red crosses mark the grain storage silos and these mark the hectares, then in this area alone, they should be harvesting around...
I started explaining everything I knew.
Thad grown up in the countryside.
My father wasnt a farmhand himself, but he had always kept a close eye on grain collection.
Harvesters werent always the most honest men.
He had taught both Rossella and me about it, though she had been far more interested in cosmetics.
I was the one who had followed him everywhere like a shadow.
Td bet anything that in this biggest silo, they re hiding sacks in a false ceiling.
You wouldnt believe the hiding places they use! Iturned my head suddenlyonly to find myself inches away from those piercing eyes that seemed to look straight into my soul.
I was practically leaning over the Duke, our breaths mingling.
I understood why my sister had been crazy for this manany woman would be.
Except me, because I was more concerned with keeping my head ---- attached to my shoulders.
JT mean...
!wouldnt personally dirty my hands in the fields, but you knowIm from the south...
My voice trailed off as I instinctively took a step back, like I had been electrocuted, trying to escape his powerful, intimidating presence.
Yes, I know very well that youre from the south...
like your father...
His tone turned icy at the end.
Relax, we both hate that bastard.
Your Lordship, surely you dont believe This years report is significantly lower, and we havent even reached December.
Supposedly, a plague struck the crops.
Investigate this thoroughly orno, never mind.
I will personally go inspect it.
You, sir? Very well, I will make the arrangements for your trip.
Prepare the largest carriage.
They resumed their discussion, completely ignoring me.
I cleared my throat softly...
Nothing.
A little louder...
Ahem! Duchess, you may request water from any maid in your chambers No.
Leave us, Wallace.
Before he could return to his usual game of polite but venomous remarks, the Duke finally showed me some mercy.
###Chapter 561
---- 310.
WHO ARE YOU? KATHERINE Yes, Your Lordship, the butler said as he exited, closing the door behind him.
Left alone with him, my heart, for some reason, started to race slightly.
Even more so when I saw him stand and walk toward the window, where a selection of liquor sat on a small table.
Would you like something to drink? No, no, Duke.
I came to talk to you about our daughter, I went straight to the point.
Our daughter? He turned with his glass in hand, raising a sarcastic eyebrow.
Theres no one else here, Rossella.
You dont have to pretend.
Iclenched my fists, sighing.
It was truehe had only ever raised a child forced upon him.
Fine, my daughter, I corrected coldly.
And precisely because she is only mine, I believe I have the right to choose who takes care of her and who doesnt.
I dont like her nanny.
I threw her out of the castle.
Mrs.
Elena has cared for her since she was a baby.
Lavinia is very fond of her.
You cant just dismiss an honest woman for no reason...
Honest? Do you even know what she was telling the girl while bathing her? I took a step forward, indignant, and started recounting everything I had overheard.
Theodore? he asked with a frown.
I knew even he saw the threat in ---- that womans words.
Yes, yes, Theodore, I muttered under my breath, hoping he wouldnt ask.
Thad no idea who that boy wasRossella never told me.
you remember Theodore, dont you? he suddenly questioned.
Acold sweat broke out on my upper lip as my nerves spiked.
My mind worked at full speed.
Of course, of course, that lively boy, I answered, quickly averting my gaze.
Imoved closer to his desk, pretending to straighten some papers, pushing them around with my fingers.
"Please, dont ask more about that damn Theodore." you would call a fourteen-year-old a boy? His voice came from dangerously close to my ear, too close, and that overpowering bergamot cologne invaded my senses.
The heat from his chest burned against my shoulder.
Well, fourteen isnt that old, thats why I said boy.
But for him to be playing with a ten-year-old...
its not appropriate if he has bad int Strong fingers gripped my chin.
I gasped in shock as he tilted my face up.
The Duke leaned over me, his face mere inches from mine.
He scrutinized me, and I swore his blue eyes narrowed into slits, like a beast lurking beneath their depths.
He inhaled deeply, as if he were trying to absorb my scent.
Thad even put on that sickly sweet perfume my sister used, just in case.
###Chapter 562
---- His large, imposing frame loomed over me, pinning me against the desk.
y-Your Lordship, w-whats happening? I stammered, nervous.
Youve changed, he said in a low, guttural voice, and I froze.
What game are you playing, Rossella? What happened on your trip that made you seem like a completely different person? Because I am a different person! And is that a bad thing? I decided not to shrink back and instead sought a justification for my strange behavior.
Do you prefer the old Rossella, or the new meafter nearly dying alone, far from my family? I asked with as much confidence as I could muster.
The Duke simply stared at me, his gaze slowly lowering to my mouth.
I swallowed hard.
Did he notice the tiny beauty mark near my lip that Rossella didnt have? So...
family...
he muttered at last.
Do whatever you want regarding Lavinia.
He finally stepped back, putting distance between us.
Then, he downed nearly his entire drink in one gulp.
Wasnt it a bit too early to be getting drunk? The Duke didnt respond to my question, and I didnt push any further.
Seriously?! Fine.
But I dont want that Theodore near my daughter either.
Its obvious he has bad intentions! Very well.
Ill have his entire family removed from the duchy.
Theodore is the nannys sonhe works in the stables, he said, refilling his glass.
---- Right, of course, I totally forgot...
I mumbled, quickly slipping out of that mess.
Icould afford to act forgetful about minor details after all, that wretched Rossella had barely cared about her own daughters affairs.
you promised, so you cant go back on your word, no matter what! Irushed to seal the deal before he could reconsider.
T never break a promise I willingly make, he turned to reply.
I knew there were daggers hidden in every word, full of accusations.
I was using him toolying, deceiving for my daughters sake and my own.
"Sorry, Duke.
But I wont be prey anymore in this world full of predators.
This castle might be dangerous, but it was the safest place to protect Lavinia.
Thad always been afraidafraid that she would turn out just as strange as me.
And this inescapable realm was a cruel place for those who were different.
Thank you, Your Lordship, I nodded.
And I think it was the first somewhat civil conversation we had.
I stormed out of the study like a hurricane.
Now, that witch was about to know who she was messing with.
ook ELLIOT I took a long, slow drink of the strongest liquor, watching her storm out.
The alcohol burned down my throat, heating my stomach.
---- "As if Ineeded more heat in my body." I scoffed, irritated with myself.
I was confused, very confused by this new wife of mine.
Having her so close, feeling the softness of her skin, her lips gasping just inches from mine, the pale curve of her breasts above her neckline, those brown eyes so incredibly expressive...
Every time that lavender scent wrapped around me, my mind fogged, and that thing inside me stirred, roaring to break free.
I feared losing control againthat someone else would discover the truth, like her father had, and expose me.
It didnt matter that I ruled these lands.
If the capital ever found out what I truly was if word ever reached the RegentI was finished.
Aloud crash and female screams echoed from beyond the door.
I stepped into the hallway and saw her.
I stood still, watching her every move.
###Chapter 563
---- 311.
I PREFER THE NEW ROSSELLA ELLIOT Lavinias nanny screamed as she was dragged by her hair, gripped tightly in Rossellas unyielding fist, all the way to the staircase landing.
"Go find a woman for your son in another house, you wretched hag!" Rossella shouted over Mrs.
Elenas piercing cries as the woman clutched at her own hair, her face twisted in pain.
In the midst of the struggle, the nannys panicked eyes met mine.
"Your Lordship, I beg you! The Duchess is accusing me unfairly! Ive only cared for her little one as if she were my own! She...
AAAAHHHH!"" Ashrill scream echoed as Rossella mercilessly shoved her, sending her tumbling down the stairsjust like I had done the day she arrived with the accountants corpse.
I didnt even flinch as her body rolled down, muffled groans escaping her lips, her hands flailing desperately in the air, trying to grab onto something, anything, until she landed with a dull thud in the foyer.
My eyes remained fixed on the cold, ruthless woman who descended the stairs at a calm pace, following right behind the nanny, who tumbled like arag doll, possibly dead by the time she reached the bottom.
Rossella didnt even blink.
The servants around us covered their mouths, stunned and terrified they had only ever seen me commit such cruel acts before.
How can a person change so much in just a few months? Is this an extreme reaction to all the humiliations she endured, the scorn ---- she swallowed in silence? She didnt seem to know who Theodore was, but perhaps she simply didnt remember a mere stable boy.
The burdens of the Duchy had never really mattered.
And that knowledge about the grains...
Since when was Rossella this sharp and intelligent? Inow regret never paying attention to her before, especially to the physical details.
Had she been hiding all these years? Had she always been this...
fascinating? I recall the question she asked me.
The answer is undeniable: I prefer this new Rossellaif she truly is Rossellabecause the more time passes...
the more doubts creep into my mind.
sek KATHERINE "Get her off the property! Her and her son! What are you waiting for?!" I roared at two servants who stood frozen in place.
The tips of my boots hovered close to the bloodied body on the floor, struggling to rise with groans of pain and muffled sobs.
They hesitated, but after a glance behind me, they rushed forward, grabbing her and dragging her toward the garden entrance.
The wound on her forehead and her broken nose left a bloody trail dripping onto the floor.
I stepped over it as I followed them toward the exit.
###Chapter 564
---- "You wretched woman, you re nothing but a terrible mother, pure scum! " She still had enough strength to mutter, so I shoved her even harder.
Thad never realized the potential of a good staircaseuntil I saw the Duke use them.
"Inform the castle guards: this woman and anyone associated with her are permanently banned from entering this property," I commanded, fully embracing the role of an authoritative Duchess.
She kept wailing as they dragged her away, but suddenly, she spat out something that caught my attention: "You think you re safe just because you managed to bear that little girl? Who doesnt know here that the Duke wont even go near your bed because you re frigid? Any day now, hell have a male heir with his mistress, and they ll throw you out like a bitchjust like youre throwing me out now!" Her vicious eyes, her gloating expression smeared in blood, locked onto mine, smiling with the certainty
that karma would catch up to me.
I started to walk away.
I didnt want to listen to her cruel words anymore, but a sudden commotion made me turn my head back just in time to see her rushing at me as if in slow motion.
She had broken free from the servants grip and was charging toward me like a wild beast, limping even, but the rage contorting her face gave her strength.
Theard the rasp of her throat, the movement of her cheeks and mouth her intentions were clear.
I braced myself for impact, but in the blink of an eye, a wall of muscle ---- stepped between me and the threat.
"Your Lordship!" "Oh, by His Majesty! Did she just spit at the Duke?!" "My Lord, forgive me! Please, my Lord! It wasnt meant for you, Your Lordship, it was...
it was for...!" "Tt was meant for the Duchess, was it?! And you think that makes it any less serious?! You just spat in the face of a noble!" his roar made even me jump from behind him.
From the dull thud and the cries, it seemed the nanny had fallen to her knees on the gravel at the entrance.
"On top of that, airing your masters private affairs out here as if you were gossiping with the market vendors! Where did you get such audacity?!" His voice made the very walls tremble, and every servant lowered their head in fear.
The butler and the housekeeper stepped out to the doorway, standing in silent witness.
"Your husband, your son, and youyoure leaving my Duchy! You are expelled from my lands, and be grateful Im not having you whipped to death for your insolence! And let this be a warning to anyone who dares disrespect the ducal family!" His sharp gaze swept over all those present.
###Chapter 565
---- 312.
AMALE HEIR KATHERINE My heart pounded, adrenaline coursing through my veins.
The Duke had taken us under his protection, even if it was just an act.
How good it felt to have the power to make decisions, to no longer be just someone else's puppet, a lifeless doll.
The absolute power this man represented as he stood before me...I stared at him intensely, reaffirming my goals in my mind despite the barriers.
He ordered the nanny and that Theodore, who was obviously paving the way to abuse my daughter's innocence and then rise from a groom toa noblewoman's husband, to be taken away.
Such macabre ideas did not occur to a 14-year-old boy, that was his mother's doing.
At last, the Duke turned and looked at me again, just for a few moments.
His blue eyes gleamed with beautiful golden flecks, perhaps reflecting the sunlight.
He walked past me without another word.
"Thank you, Your Lordship," I whispered softly, not expecting a response.
I took a deep breath, smoothing down my skirt.
Today, I had completely stepped out of my role.
For heavens sake, I havent even been here a week, and this whole act is already falling apart.
---- When I entered the castle, the servants gazes on me were no longer the same as before.
The contempt remained, but now it was more concealed, masked, covered by the fear of ending up like the model nanny.
At least all of this had served to teach them a lesson and show them that the old Rossella, who only pretended to be tough, had now truly become a raving harpy.
sek My worried eyes rested on the little girl sleeping in bed.
Her tiny eyes were swollen from crying so much.
The nanny had caused a scene in front of her, and thanks to Freya, who had practically dragged her to her room, she didnt see her mother pulling the hair of the woman she had so innocently given her affection to.
"Sweetheart, Ill get you back.
Ill protect this good life for you, no matter what," I murmured, leaning in to kiss her forehead lovingly before tucking her under the blanket.
Now that Freya would be her nanny, I felt much calmer about everything.
"Tl find us a safe refuge, leave it to your mother.
No one is taking away your comforts," I whispered, rising from the bed and heading toward the study, closing the door softly behind me.
"Dont worry, child.
Step by step, have patience, you still have time," Freya was waiting for me, sitting in the chair by the window, embroidering as she always did.
I walked over and sat down across from her.
###Chapter 566
---- "Freya, Im very worried," I began in a low voice.
The only person I trusted was this old woman.
"Thad forgotten about the male heir issue.
Lavinia, as awoman, technically has no right to anything if the Duke casts us out.
Unless she has ason, the future Dukethen things would change for us." "She" never spoke about her relationship with the Duke, not even the few times she visited the old country house, but I had overheard the servants gossiping.
It seemed they didnt share a bed.
"In all these years?" I couldnt believe it.
The Duke was still a relatively young man.
He hated Rossella, but he had to have his needs.
"They say the Duke has a mistress, a noblewoman from one of the main families of the Duchy," she said, her gaze troubled.
"No...
This is too dangerous, Freya.
If that woman gets pregnant with a son, or even a daughter, Lavinia wouldnt be legiwell, you know." I cut myself off.
Even though we spoke in hushed voices, I didnt trust the walls in this place.
"My father blackmailed him with something.
Do you have any idea what it was?" I asked, pressing her.
"No, I truly dont, child.
If I did, I would have told you by now." "Tf hes still with Rossella even after my fathers death, then I think he might believe Rossella also knows about the blackmail." Nana nodded thoughtfully.
---- "Either way, if he asks you, you have to make him believe that you know what its about.
He mustnt realize you actually have no idea," she suggested.
"Thats only a short-term solution, though.
It wont work forever.
All he has to do is push me alittle, and hell figure out that I dont know anything.
The Duke is very sharp." We both fell silent.
"What do I do? How can I have a child with a man who wont even look at me?" I bit my thumb nail, a habit when my nerves were all over the place.
In truth, I knewit was the most despicable thing in the worldthinking about sleeping with a man just to get pregnant.
But if I had been forced to do it with that disgusting bastard just to survive, why wouldnt I do it with the Duke? I wasnt a saint; my morals and pride had been the first things thrown to the ground in that filthy cell.
"Theres a way.
I have a way for you to get close to the Duke," she suddenly said, and I lifted my eyes to meet hersserious, full of unspoken secrets.
"But you ll have to use something you dont want to..."" "Nana, no.
You know!m afraid.
What if they catch me?" "They wont, not with what Ill show you.
But, child, once you walk through that door, theres no turning back.
Do you understand? You'll have to see it through to the end." Istayed silent, biting my lower lip, which trembled slightly.
I was about to answer when there was a knock at the door.
###Chapter 567
---- 313.
DANGEROUS FANTASIES KATHERINE Amaid came once again to inform me about dinner.
"Bring the food to my room.
I wont be dining in the hall tonight" nor ever again.
I watched her leave with a nod.
"Nana..." Think it through carefully, theres no rush.
An heir isnt born in a few hours.
Go, take a good bath, relax, and sleep on it.
Ill take care of Lavinia.
Isighed and stood up, leaning toward her.
I kissed her wrinkled forehead.
This woman had been the only mother I had ever known.
"Silly girl, still as clingy as when you were a little rascal.
Go rest, you have tough battles ahead," she patted my hands.
Theaded to my room.
Honestly, my mind was so burdened with worries that it felt like it was about to catch fire.
No one ever said living someone elses life would be easy.
As soon as I closed my bedroom door, a knock sounded against the wood behind me.
I opened it to find the servant who attended the dining hall.
"Excuse me, Duchess, dinner is ready." "Then bring it in," I said, opening the door wider, expecting the food cart.
But he stood there awkwardly, empty-handed.
"Dinner will be served in the dining hall, as usual." ---- "I requested it be brought to my room," I replied through gritted teeth.
"Yes...
yes, but His Lordship said...
that you must eat in the dining hall, that the room isnt meant for that..." Oh, that...
that...
ugh! "T understand.
Tell the Duke I wont be coming down.
If he was waiting for me, he may start without me." And with that, I shut the door in his face.
Poor boy, but I was done with that mans whims.
What was he trying to do? Make me wait for hours again until he felt like eating? Thad two hands, and Id raid the kitchen after my bath.
I began undressing as I turned on the faucet, filling the bathtub with hot waterone of the privileges of nobility.
Back at home, I had to fill it up with wooden buckets.
Imoaned in satisfaction, sinking into the tub, head and all.
Before their fear faded by tomorrow, Id order my room to be thoroughly cleaned.
I didnt take too long.
I scrubbed myself well with the sponge and rinsed off the foam.
I grabbed one of Rossellas more daring robes to wear.
I didnt even know why she had ither husband wouldnt even walk past her bedroom door.
It was fully open at the front, semi-transparent, and white.
###Chapter 568
---- I stepped into the room barefoot, the coal crackling in the enormous fireplace adorned with beautiful floral tiles, filling the space with warmth.
I stood before the full-length mirror near the vanity, drying my wet hair with a towel.
Without meaning to, without expecting it, my eyes wandered over my own naked body, revealed through the open robe.
My wounds healed faster than normal elementals, scars that I no longer bore.
So many beatings, so many lashes, so many punishing lessons, and yet they only remained in my memory.
My hands glided over my soft skin, searching for imperfections.
One thing led to another, and I found myself touching my breasts.
They were large, my greatest assets, extremely sensitivethe hardened nipples perked up instantly under my teasing fingers.
My other hand trailed down my stomach.
I stared at that place that hadnt been pleased in a long time, that hadnt been taken by a man who truly aroused me.
"Mmm..." Imoaned softly, pressing my clit.
I started moving in slow circles, shivering with pleasure.
Watching myself playing with my body in the mirror aroused me perversely.
Ispread my legs slightly, my fingers parting the soft petals where my arousal already gathered.
"Ssshhh, mmm..." I twisted my nipple, cupping my breast and squeezing it, my middle finger slipping into my soaked slit.
"Yesss...
mmm..." ---- I began pleasuring myself, my finger sliding in and out with ease, melting into the heat of my pussy, searching for the trigger to a quick orgasm.
My breath quickened, my gasps grew louder, my legs turning to jelly.
Ineeded support, so I paused for a second, only to continue on the bed.
My legs spread wide, feet curling at the edge of the mattress as two fingers deliciously fucked my dripping pussy.
Suddenly, the scent of bergamot flooded my mind, confusing my thoughts, igniting my lust even further.
My knuckles bumped against my swollen lips, the obscene wet sounds of my juices splashing with every thrust.
My mouth moaned, struggling to keep quiet.
Iwrithed on the bed, picturing a muscular body pressing me down, dominating me with his massive cock, fucking me into oblivion.
"Yesss...
Duke, more...
mmm...
give it to me harder...
ahh..." I was close, so close to the colorful clouds.
sek NARRATOR While our false Duchess was on the verge of touching the rainbow, the very man who owned her filthy fantasies was rising from the dining table like a furious beast, throwing his napkin onto the table.
"Say that again!" Elliot roared, enraged.
"The...
the Duchess said she...
she wouldnt be dining with you..." The poor servant nearly shat himself.
---- "We'll see about that..." Elliot growled through clenched teeth, storming out of the dining hall with powerful strides toward the second floor.
How dare she stand him up?! He climbed the stairs, striding down the corridor like a prowling wolf until he stopped in front of her door.
He gripped the doorknob furiouslythe entrance to a room he hadnt stepped into in over ten yearsand entered like what he was...
The master of the castle.
And, incidentally, the master of that wayward Duchess as well.
###Chapter 569
---- 314.
HOW TO MURDER A DUKE ELLIOT My heavy steps, muffled by the rug in the sitting room, carried me straight to the bedroom door.
Iwas so enraged that I didnt even stop to think about invading her privacy.
I grabbed the handle and burst in.
"Aaaww, Duke...
ahhh" a deep moan echoed through the room.
I froze in place, the thick scent of lavender-drenched desire and lust filling the air, making my skin prickle.
My breathing turned ragged at the sight before me.
Rossella, sprawled on the bed, her legs completely spread toward me, her glistening pink pussy dripping juices that trailed down the curve of her ass, soaking the sheets.
Two fingers buried deep in that small openingI couldnt look away.
Heat surged through my body like molten lava, my cock hardening at the sinful display.
She writhed, her toes curled against the mattress, her back arching from the overwhelming pleasure, her eyes shut in ecstasy.
Her wet brown hair fanned out around her head like a halo.
Those breasts...
holy fuck, I knew she had big tits, but damnwhat a sight.
My cock throbbed painfully.
My throat went dry.
Inside me, dark lust growled to break freeI even took a step toward her, ---- licking my canines.
litched there.
Fuck, fuck.
No, no! This woman...
what the hell is she doing tome?! "Aaahhh! How dare you barge into my room like this?!" she suddenly shrieked, sitting up, her wide eyes filled with panic and humiliation.
Seems she finally noticed my presenceafter coming so damn hard, right in front of me, moaning my title shamelessly.
Ilooked away as she hastily closed that indecent robe.
Not that it made any difference I had already seen everything I hadnt cared to in the past ten years, and now I was standing here with aching, tight balls.
"T ordered you to have dinner in the dining hall." "And you think that gives you the right to barge in like this, without an ounce of courtesy, into someone elses room?!" she snapped, furious, standing to her feet.
But I was more enragedfor letting my primal instincts take over.
"This is my house, and I can go wherever the fuck I please without asking permission! And you are not someone else, youre my wifewhether I like it or not!" I turned my head back to face her.
Damn it, put something else on, I thought, forcing my eyes not to stray to the sheer fabric clinging seductively to her naked curves.
"Duke, stop pretending.
We both know Im only your wife in title! Theres no one here but you and me" she said, raising a finger, pointing between us.
One of the very fingers she had just fucked herself with.
###Chapter 570
---- My brain short-circuited when the air carried the scent of her arousal straight to my sensitive nose.
Inearly growled from pleasure, my pupils locking onto the milky traces still coating her fingertip from that delicious orgasm.
I swallowed hard.
Her pussy...
mmm...
her pussy had to be soaked and slippery right now, still dripping after comingNo, no! Damn it! "You have three minutes to put on something decent and get downstairs for dinner, or I will come backand it wont be pleasant!" "T dont want to have dinner with you! If my presence bothers you so much, why force yourself?!" she took a step forward, and the neckline of that robe dipped lower, almost revealing a nipple.
My cock pulsed wildly inside my trousers.
I needed to get the fuck out of this death trap! "I dont give a shit what you want or dont want! Its an order!""I roared like an animal, slamming the door behind me, storming out into the corridor.
Istood there, breathing heavily.
My mind would not stop replaying that sensual image.
I glanced down at the rigid outline pressing against my pants.
It was nearly impossible to hide the massive bulge.
The scent of that insolent lavender still clung to my senses, driving me insane.
Why? Why?! It was just a woman touching herselfnothing I hadnt seen before.
Besides, it wasnt just any woman, it was the one who had blackmailed me into keeping her at my side all these years.
---- Tyanked my robe closed, buttoning it firmly.
I cast one last look at the door before heading back to the dining hall, trying to pull myself together.
My temper swung wildly.
Thated things I couldnt control, and this new Rossella was throwing me off in more ways than one.
If she had always been like this...
then why was this attraction pulling me toward her now? ook "Your Lordship, should we...
serve now?" the butler asked cautiously.
I could imagine the murderous expression on my face.
I didnt answer.
Seated at the head of the table, I simply stared at the door, feeling every movement in the corridor, waitinguntil I finally heard the firm steps and the clicking of her boots.
Tlet out a sharp exhale, a mix of relief and irritation.
"Serve the dinner" I ordered, unfolding my napkin and placing it on my lap.
"And move the Duchesss seat." "Yes, Your Lordship.
Closer to you?" he asked.
"Farther.
As far away as possible" I gritted out just as the door swung open and she entered.
It didnt matter that she was dressed decently now.
At this moment, all I could see was her naked, moaning on that bed, having an exquisite orgasm while thinking of me.
###Chapter 571
---- Before, that would have disgusted me.
Now...
my cock was getting hard again.
sek KATHERINE I wanted to scream like a lunatic, throw myself into the fireplace, or jump out of the second-floor window.
And yet, none of that would erase that intense and compromising moment from my mind.
For a second, I thought I should take advantage of it, seduce the Duke maybe hed slip and end up in bed with me.
But the sheer humiliation of being caught like that, red-handed, kept me from even attempting to turn the situation in my favor.
Tentered the dining hall without looking at him, my cheeks and ears burning.
I imagined they were bright red.
"Where do I sit?" I asked Mr.
Wallace, not seeing my plate set in its usual place.
"Here, Your Grace" he motioned to the far end of the table.
Thuffed quietly, the ghost of an ironic smile on my lips as I walked to my new seat.
The embarrassment vanished in an instant.
It looked ridiculoushim at one end of the table, me at the other.
If what he saw disgusted him so much, then why the hell did he force me to come? I didnt think about anything else when the sacred meal was served.
I focused on eating as if there were no tomorrow.
---- Psychological hunger was always at the forefront of my mind.
No one spoke.
The only sounds in the dining hall were the clinking of silverware against fine porcelain.
"Have the maids prepare a light travel bag for you.
You re coming with me tomorrow to inspect the southern lands." "What?" I lifted my gaze from the plate, looking utterly dumbfounded.
I swallowed so fast that I choked, coughing violently.
Immediately, someone handed me a glass of water.
"Duke, I must have misheard..."" "you didnt mishear" his cold eyes finally met mine, staring at me across the distance between us.
"Since you were so eager to be Duchess, I think its time you start taking your duties seriously." His voice was rough, commanding.
Before I could protest, I watched him quickly wipe his mouth and rise to his feet, striding toward a side door without another word.
"Mr.
Wallace, have the stable hand saddle my horse.
Im going for a ride, "he ordered before disappearing, leaving me sitting there, stunned and confused.
Why the hell does the Duke want me as his companion on a business trip?! ?Dear diary of a fake Duchess: I have a question thats been eating away at my mind.
---- Can someone please tell me how to kill a rabid beast masquerading as a Duke...
without leaving a trace or any evidence that it was me
###Chapter 572
---- 315.
AN OPPORTUNITY TO GET CLOSER TO KATHERINE "No, not that elegant dress.
Pack more practical things.
Yes, yes, that riding outfit is fine." I instructed the two maids packing my essentials for this crazy trip.
I walked toward the window while they carried out their duties.
The night had deepened outside, so dark that nothing could be seen beyond the shadows cast by the large lanterns.
Where was the Duke, and why hadnt he returned yet? Aheavy concern weighed on me.
Was he at his mistresss house? I needed to find out who she was.
She was surely a beautiful woman, one who matched his status.
Is he in bed with her right now? I raised my thumb to nibble on my nail.
Anxiety churned inside me, the insecurity gnawing at me that she could get pregnant and threaten our position here.
All Thad left was my fathers old housenot even the farmland.
Rossella had sold everything.
We would be left with nothing.
Suddenly, through the nights mist, I heard the distant neigh of a horse galloping up the entrance path.
Without even blinking, I saw him emerge from the deepest darkness, controlling the animal with an iron grip.
Icouldnt help but notice the detailhis hair was wet, and his shirt was half open.
---- His overall appearance was disheveled and, lets be honest, incredibly sexy.
Iclenched my teeth, thinking he could very well have just come from fucking.
That she had just enjoyed him, completely naked, moving between her spread thighs.
Ugghh, damn cheater.
I knew perfectly well that he was bound to Rossella and that their marriage was nothing but a facade, but it still pissed me off.
He jumped down from the saddle, handed the reins to the stable boy, and strode toward the castle with powerful steps.
But just when I thought he wouldnt stop, he hesitated for amoment and lifted his head.
I tensed, trying to hide behind the curtain, but it was useless.
My eyes locked onto histhose piercing icy blues that seemed to glow in the dark.
The Duke immediately lowered his gaze and continued on his way, his expression dark.
By His Majesty, Im going to have to find a way to violate that man.
Ipressed my fingers to the bridge of my nose, feeling the onset ofa headache.
Thankfully, the maids finished quickly, and I was able to go to bed, though I barely got any sleep.
Ishould be spending my time trying to win over my daughter, not going on atrip with the Duke...
---- Although, wait...
Instead of tormenting myself over this, I should take this opportunity to get close to him.
Yes, yes, this was an opportunity, not a problem.
With a goal set in my mind, I finally managed to fall asleep.
ook The Next Morning...
"Nana, I need you to take good care of Lavinia.
I already told the housekeeper and the butler that you re in charge of her affairs," I whispered to her in the sitting room outside my daughters quarters.
"Go in peace, I take care of her.
I know how to handle her." Isighed and nodded, my gaze shifting to her closed bedroom door.
"I just got here, and I already have to leave her again..." "Its only for a few days.
Dont be so dramatic.
Take the chance to get closer to the Duke, but do it subtly," she advised.
"Thats exactly what Ill do.
Im going to say goodbye," I sighed before heading toward Lavinias room.
I didnt even knock.
I knew I wouldnt be welcomed.
I turned the handle gently and stepped inside.
I found her reading a book, reclining on the divan by the window.
Lavinia was a child who seemed far too mature.
She had received a rigorous education since birth, but at the same time, my heart ached because I knew that her maturity was just a shield.
###Chapter 573
---- Asuit of armor to protect herself from loneliness, from the absence of a mother to love and care for her.
"My love, I need to leave with your father to tend to some matters of the Duchy," I said, approaching her cautiously.
She didnt look at me.
She didnt speak.
She just kept reading with her head down.
"I...
Pll be back soon..." "Better not come back.
Why dont you stay at your country house?" she replied coldly, without lifting her eyes from the pages.
Asharp pain shot through my chest, and the corners of my eyes burned.
I swallowed hard, forcing down the lump in my throat.
Time would heal this.
"T will come back, Lavinia.
I always will because I will never leave you alone again.
I made a mistake, and I regret it, my love.
You have no idea how much I regret not being here for you.
I..." Thad to lower my head.
My voice trembled, my heart too full of things I couldnt confess to her.
I stepped closer and, before she could push me away, I leaned down and kissed the crown of her beautiful dark hair.
I felt her body tense, but she didnt pull back.
I sniffled slightly, trying to hold back the treacherous tears threatening to spill.
"T love you, my daughter.
I know I failed you, but I only ask for one chance, just one, Lavinia, to let me be your mother again.
And I promise, you ll never regret it," I whispered softly.
---- She didnt respond.
She just stared at the page without turning it, but my mothers heart could sense that this was at least a small step forward.
"Tll be back soon.
Listen to Lady Freya, she only wants to protect you," I added, and after one last glance, I stepped out of her room.
As I gently closed the door, I turned back for a final look through the small gap before shutting it completely.
My daughter was crying.
She had hidden her face behind the book, but her shoulders trembled.
Ipressed the door shut without forcing her further.
My hand trembled on the doorknob.
I closed my eyes tightly, trying to hold back the tears that wouldnt stop rolling down my cheeks.
Icould forgive Rossella and my father for ruining my life, but never for stealing my daughter from me and robbing me of so many moments with her that I could never get back.
"Calm yourself, child.
The Duke is waiting for you.
You have to be strong, for her," Freyas wise voice came from behind me as her hand rested gently on my shoulder.
Topened my eyes, now filled with determination.
There was no room for failure.
This Duchy had to be ours.
eed I wiped my tears and headed down the stairs.
On the first floor, the servants were already loading the luggage into the carriage.
The Duke turned just as I descended.
He was dressed in an indigo riding outfit that matched the light blue of his eyes.
"Good morning, Your Lordship," I greeted him, since he hadnt shown ---- up for breakfast.
"Good morning, Duchess," he replied curtly.
"We leave in five minutes." He then walked outside without another word.
"So rude," I muttered under my breath, huffing.
The time to depart had arrived.
###Chapter 574
---- 316.
TRACKING KATHERINE I stepped out in a simple, comfortable dress for the long journey.
Adjusting my gloves, I let the housekeeper help me into the spacious carriage, explaining a few things along the way.
"Have a safe journey, Duchess," she said at last.
I thanked her and slid to the side of the plush seat, leaving space for the Duke.
The interior was lined with green damask featuring silver patterns elegant and beautiful.
Under the facing seats, there were locked compartments.
The housekeeper mentioned they contained provisions for the trip.
The luxury was obvious, but of course, this was the carriage of the lord and master of these lands.
Speaking of the DukeI waited and waited, but nothing.
The carriage door was closed, the structure shuddered as the coachman took his seat, followed by the crack of the whip and his shout to the horses.
Iimmediately leaned toward the small window, pulling the curtain aside.
Thats when I saw him.
The Duke was riding that beautiful white horse from last night, surrounded by a group of men who looked like our guards.
Not manymaybe ten at most.
Tlet out a sharp breath and snapped the curtain shut.
So much for getting closer to him.
---- This man avoided me like the plague.
Each day, I grew more convinced that Id have to risk going along with Nanas plan.
It seemed like the only way.
The journey continued without delay.
Drowsiness crept in, boredom settling in with the constant rocking.
I should have brought a book.
At some point, I drifted off, only to be jolted awake when the carriage hit a pothole before coming to a stop.
I dared to open the door, needing to stretch my legs and get some fresh air.
As soon as I set one foot outside, a shadow loomed over me.
My eyes traveled upward, locking onto the Dukes piercing blue gaze.
"Were stopping at one of the silos on the map.
I need you to come with me for the inspection.
Its just observation," he said, his voice gruff.
His eyes wandered over my face.
Inodded and leaned forward to step out of the carriage.
I heard him clear his throat in irritation.
Now what? With a powerful motion, he dismounted from his horse.
"You couldnt have worn something mote...
covering? Were about to visit rough field workers," he muttered, frowning as he stepped closer.
"Covering? Im wearing one of the plainest, most modest dresses in my wardrobe," I replied, glancing down.
Alright, so maybe my cleavage was a bit visible, but it wasnt like I could hide my two friends.
Sorry, but this is what it is, and my sisters dresses always fit a little too tight in that area.
---- "Dont stray from my side.
Understood?" He took a step forward, lowering his voice to a near growl.
"You're the only one avoiding me, dear husband.
I, on the other hand, love being by your side," I shot back, stepping toward him, switching to offense.
His jaw clenched, the storm in his blue eyes swirling.
Texpected him to throw some sharp remark, but instead, his gaze dropped to my neckline again.
I could swear he let out a low growl before abruptly turning and walking away.
Who even understands this man? Do you like what you see or not? ook Following the Duke, we entered a small settlement of laborers.
Rustic wooden houses with thatched roofs stood in neat rows, typically used for workers during harvest season.
"Your Lordships, it is an honor for us that you have come personally to this humble place," greeted a stout man with a graying mustache, balding head, and small glasses perched on his nose.
He must be the administrator of this area.
"Mr.
Philip, I dont have much time.
Take me to the silo and show me the account book," the Duke cut straight to the point, as always.
The man tried to remain composed, but it was obvioushe was sweating profusely.
With trembling hands, he handed over a heavy ledger.
"Duchess, look it over and walk beside me."
###Chapter 575
---- Iwas stunned when he passed me the documents.
Even Mr.
Philips eyebrows lifted in surprise, though he quickly masked his disdain.
It was clear he looked down on me simply for being a woman.
I followed the Duke along the stone path, golden wheat fields stretching in the distance, harvesters finishing up the last few hectares.
Amassive wooden and metal silo stood ahead, towering beside a giant mill where grain was ground into flour.
Some field workers lingered nervously at the sight of the Duke.
They bowed respectfully as we approached, though they clearly eyed me with curiosity.
They probably wondered what I was even doing here.
"Dont wander off.
Stay by my side," came a commanding voice near my ear.
The Dukes hand gripped my waist and pulled me closer, forcing me to match his pace.
For some reason, my heart started beating faster, and my cheeks grew warm.
We entered the annexed structure next to the massive storage facility the mill, where a donkey turned the mechanism to grind the grain.
The evening sunlight filtered through the high wooden windows and the slats between the boards.
Immediately, I looked around for any false ceilings or elevated platforms used for extra storage.
The Duke listened to the administrators explanations.
---- I slipped out of his grasp and walked around a bit, scanning the most suspicious areas.
I remembered the hiding places workers often used my father always checked them.
Nothing stood out.
Outside, I could hear the murmuring of the laborers and the steady creaking of the mill at work.
I stood still, running out of ideas.
Opening the ledger, I skimmed through the numbers from the past month and the current one.
According to the report, the figures had dropped due to an alleged plague Thad never heard of.
There was no record of such a thing affecting the crops before.
Then, something caught my attention.
There were two separate pens for the donkeys, yet I only saw one animal.
Ipushed open the door of the first pen, immediately hit by the stench of fresh manure.
A man was refilling the water trough and laying out food for the donkey.
He gave me a brief nod before continuing his task.
Ithen turned to inspect the other pen, located in the farthest corner.
The scent of manure filled my nose again, but this time, the droppings were piled in one corner, and several bales of dry hay were stacked against the back wall, almost covering it completely.
Iwas about to turn away when something unusual caught my eye.
Footprints.
Strange ones.
They seemed fresh.
The muddy shoe prints stood out.
I crouched down to examine them.
---- They came from a very specific type of bootfar too luxurious fora simple laborer but quite fitting for the administrator.
It was clear that someone had walked this path many times, and the tracks led straight to the hay-covered wall.
Suspicious.
Why would the administrator walk all the way to the back of a donkey pen? I stood up immediately and tried pushing the hay bales aside.
The dry grass tumbled down, scattering across the wooden floor, but the bales were heavy, and I struggled to move them properly.
My instincts screamed at me to keep digging.
I was almost certainthere was something hidden here.
"Mmm," I groaned, sweating and breathing hard as I tried to drag one of them.
I was definitely going to need help.
"May I assist you with something?" Adeep voice came from the narrow entrance.
"you shouldnt be here.
You might...
dirty your clothes."" Iturned to see a very tall, muscular man staring at me with unfriendly eyes.
He stepped forward, his movements slow but intimidating, and I instinctively took a step back, my pulse quickening as I glanced anxiously behind him.
He was blocking the only way out of this trap.
How far would they be willing to go to keep the Duke from discovering they were stealing from him? ---- Would they do anything to save their necks?
###Chapter 576
---- 317.
AS THE DONKEY TO THE WHEAT KATHERINE "T'm just taking a look around the facilities.
Ican manage on my own, you may leave," I replied firmly, though inside, my heart was pounding.
"T insist, you really shouldnt" "Who are you to tell the Duchess where she can or cannot be on her own lands?" The Dukes authoritative voice made me let out a breath of relief.
Thad been just about to scream at the top of my lungs.
"Duke...
Your Lordship, I wasntI was only trying to help..." The man turned, lowering his head and dropping his thug-like stance.
"No one asked for your help, and I didnt like your tone with my wife at all.
Mr.
Philip, remove this man from the harvest fields," he ordered mercilessly.
His displeasure was obvious, his threatening aura making everyone tremble.
"Yes, yes, sir," the accountant stammered, pulling out a handkerchief to wipe his sweaty forehead.
The laborer remained silent, about to leave with his head down, but I stopped him.
"Wait! Before you go, move these bales.
I want to see whats behind and beneath them," I ordered coldly.
I saw how his body tensed and noticed the administrators eyes flicker with nervousness.
"Your Ladyship, theres only a wall behind them.
What could possibly be ---- hidden in a donkeys stable?" The administrator gave me a nervous smile, trying to act friendly.
"Do what the Duchess ordered.
Clear out all that hay," the Duke growled, his voice commanding.
"'Rossella, come to my side." He called for me, and we both stepped out of the narrow pen, watching closely as the man hesitated before clearing the bales.
Did you find something?" The Dukes warm breath brushed against my ear, sending chills down my spine.
"Not yet, just some suspicions," I answered, turning my face toward him.
For a few seconds, we stood close, blue eyes locked onto brown.
The Duke was the first to look away, shifting his focus back to the pen as it was cleared.
"Its done," the burly worker finally said, dusting off his hands.
I walked inside the now empty pen, listening to the administrators murmurs behind me.
"My Lord, may I ask what exactly we are looking for? I have served you for many years, and before that, your father.
If there is any problem" "For your sake, I hope there isnt," the Duke warned.
I felt his presence filling the tight space as he stepped inside.
Rolling up my sleeves slightly to avoid getting my dress dirty, I examined the now exposed area.
The wall was just covered in dirt and yellowish stains from moisture, nothing more.
There wasnt much else to search through.
I looked up at the ceiling
###Chapter 577
---- nothing, not even a small window leading to this side.
The floor! Ibegan tapping my heel against the wooden planks.
The Duke caught on quickly, even crouching down to inspect more closely, checking if any boards were loose, searching for a trapdoor, anything...
but there was nothing.
Frustration creased my brow.
The Duke had trusted me, and now felt like I had wasted his time, making a scene only to be proven wrong.
"I...
[dont see anything, my lord.
I thought..." I lifted my gaze to him, embarrassment creeping up my cheeks.
"Its fine, dont worry about it.
Its better this way," he reassured me, without a hint of reproach.
I didnt find anger in his eyes, which brought me some relief.
Even so, I probably looked like some hysterical woman seeing conspiracies where there were nonejust desperate for his attention.
I followed him out, my head lowered.
"You see, Your Lordship? Its just a pen," the administrator scoffed.
"To be honest, I find this quite offensive.
Without evidence, it almost feels likelike I was being accused of theft.
We are all honest men here, Duchess." "The Duchess didnt accuse you of anything," the Duke interjected.
His voice came out almost as a bark, effectively silencing the mans complaints.
"Were conducting an inspection, and this is part of the process.
Those ---- who have nothing to hide, fear nothing.
Or is there something you fear, Mr.
Philip?" "No, no, of course not," he quickly answered.
"Then we'll be leaving.
Perhaps we ll stop by again on the way back."" "Heres your book," I said, handing the documents back to him.
Just then, the braying of the donkey caught my attention.
Aworker was leading it by the reins, but the animal was agitated, stubbornly trying to return to the pen we had just inspected.
"No, no, Alonso, your stable is this one now.
Come on, behave," the worker tugged, struggling to get the donkey to move, until it finally gave in.
"Wheres the other one? There are two pens and only one donkey," I asked the worker.
"It died a few weeks ago.
Weve already ordered a replacement," he muttered before adding in a lower voice, "I see the Duchess is quite the curious woman." "Iam," Ireplied, holding his gaze, searching his shrewd eyes.
This man was hiding somethingI knewit.
He had just been smarter than us, and I hadnt been able to uncover his secret.
In the end, I left with the Duke, but my mind kept spinning, retracing the clues, going over every detail again and again.
"You're going to grow old before your time," a cold finger smoothed the furrow between my brows, catching me off guard.
The Duke had actually gotten into the carriage for this stretch of the ---- journey.
We pulled out some preserved fruits, fresh bread, and grapes to snack on.
"I tried to organize my thoughts while looking at him across the seat.
Our knees nearly touchedElliot was too tall for this space.
"Tm sorry for making you look bad.
Now they II all say Im paranoid," I admitted, adding yet another label to the long list Rossella had already assigned to me.
"Stop giving it importance.
We just checked a donkey pen, thats all..." he shrugged, taking a sip of his wine.
Adonkey pen...
the donkey...
"Thats it, Duke!" I suddenly exclaimed, grabbing his hand and shaking him.
"Bloody hell! What now?!" he coughed, and I realized I had spilled wine all over his clothes.
###Chapter 578
---- 318.
SURPRISE ATTACK KATHERINE "Oh, for heavens sake, Im so sorry, Im so sorry!" I pulled out the handkerchief from the inner pocket of my dress and leaned forward slightly, bracing one hand between his spread legs.
I started blotting the stains on his shirt, my fingers working their way down the buttons, trailing lower along his abdomen.
"T think you should change.
Damn it, Im so clumsy..." "Its fine, Rossella, it doesnt matter..." "No, no, at least let me dry it," I insisted, continuing downward.
The wine had trickled lower.
Iwas flustered, too distracted to realize my mistake until my hand brushed against something hard.
My eyes widened as I became fully aware that I had nearly polished the Dukes crotch, where a growing erection was forming.
"Tlooked up.
We were so close, practically on top of each other.
His breathing was deep, heavyas if he were scenting me.
His eyes, those wild and breathtakingly beautiful eyes, locked onto mine with a predatory intensity.
I swallowed hard, my gaze drifting to his lipsso masculine, so kissable.
Just a little closer, and I could taste the Dukes mouth.
He must taste like wine and fruit, delicious...
---- But suddenly, his expression shifted.
It hardened, storm clouds swirling in those gorgeous irises.
"T told you Im fine.
Sit back down," he muttered, gripping my shoulders and forcing me back into my seat.
Both of us were left uncomfortable.
The Duke cleared his throat and pulled his dark tunic closed, covering the evidence of his arousal, ignoring the stains from the drink.
He didnt get aroused when he saw me naked...
but touching him witha handkerchief had done the trick? This man was becoming more of a mystery with each passing moment.
"Now tell mewhat exactly did you discover to make you scream like a lunatic?" he finally asked, snapping me back to reality, reminding me of my earlier excitement.
"Those people are hiding something.
They re stealing from you, Im sure of it.
Ijust checked the wrong pen.
The hiding spot must be in the floor of the other donkey pen," I explained.
"Go on," he urged, intrigued.
"T went into both pens.
In the first one, where the donkey supposedly lived, there was barely any manure, and what was there was fresh.
In the other, there was a huge pile of manure stacked in the corner, but it wasnt as old as they claimed if it were, it would have dried out by now." "Well, well...
Seems you know a lot about animal waste," he scoffed.
"Mock me all you want, but thats the key.
If the other donkey died weeks ago, where did all that manure come from? And another thingwhen the worker tried to lead the remaining donkey into the other pen, the animal instinctively tried to go back to the one we inspected.
Why do you
###Chapter 579
---- think that is?" The Duke stared at me, deep in thought.
His expression grew more serioushe only needed a few seconds to piece it together.
"That donkey used to stay in the pen we inspected, which is why there was more manure piled up there, and why it naturally tried to go back in, "he concluded.
Smart man.
"Exactly!" I exclaimed, pointing a finger at him.
"Duke, someone tipped off that worker that you were coming fora surprise inspection.
They moved the animal to the pen where theyre hiding the stolen grain and left the other one open and suspicious.
Who would ever think that under the donkey is a hidden underground stash?" I laid out my theory, and he stroked his chin, silent, deep in thought.
Minutes passed, and tension filled the air.
Did he believe me? "How sure are you?" he finally asked.
"Um...
80...
maybe 50...
uh...
45%?" My confidence dropped as his eyebrow arched higher.
Damn it, his tyrant face made me nervous! "Fine.
45% is good enough for me." He nodded and knocked on the roof of the carriage.
"We're going back to the plantations!" he roared, waiting for the driver to turn us around.
But before we could move, the entire carriage shook violently.
Ilurched forward, and the Duke caught me.
Outside, the horses neighed wildly, and shouts filled the air.
---- What...
whats happening?" "Damn it! Rossella, do not leave this carriage!" He grabbed my face, making me look at him, his grip firm.
He made me promise.
"Dont step outside.
No matter what happens." His voice was urgent.
I could only nod, my nerves on edge.
Outside, I heard the unmistakable clinking of metala fight.
Elliot barely cracked the carriage door open whenwhoosh! "Ah!" I clamped my hand over my mouth to stop myself from screaming.
An arrow pierced the wooden door, inches from his face.
He immediately leaped out, slamming the door shut behind him.
I didnt dare peek outside.
Through the curtains reflection, I saw him whistle for his horse and mount it swiftly.
Torches flickered wildly, illuminating figures darting between them.
Clashes of swords, the grunts of battle, and, eventually, the bang ofa gunshot.
That had to be Elliot.
Only nobles had access to firearms.
My heart pounded frantically.
Why would anyone attack the Duke on his own lands? Night had fallen, and in the darkness, everything was more chaotic, harder to see.
Anoise too close for comfort made me freeze.
I held my breath, straining ---- my ears.
Then I heard itsoft footsteps on the roof.
Ipressed myself against the seat, staring upward in fear.
My hand fumbled for somethinganythingto defend myself with.
My fingers brushed against the bread knife on the side table.
I grabbed it, my grip trembling uncontrollably.
Someone had climbed onto the carriage.
I could hear their breathing.
The slight shift of their weight above me.
What do I do? Run into the chaos outside? Wait for the Duke to save me? Or try to fight back with...
a bread knif.
###Chapter 580
---- 319.
KIDNAPPING KATHERINE Oh no, no, nothis was terrifying.
Iwas trembling uncontrollably, gripping the bread knife like a deadly weapon in front of me.
I sharpened my hearing, moving cautiously to avoid making a sound that would give me away.
Icouldnt hear footsteps anymore, but with the chaos of the battle outside screams, the clash of weapons it was impossible to tell what was happening.
Suddenly, the handle of one of the carriages side doors began to turn slowly.
My heart nearly burst from my chest, fear tightening around my senses, indecision flooding my mind.
It was the door facing the forestof course, the least guarded side.
The fight was happening on the other side of the carriage, out on the road.
Istraightened slightly, my head brushing against the ceiling, gripping the knife so tightly that my knuckles turned white.
Iwas shaking all over, my eyes locked onto the entrance, debating whether the smarter move was to escape through the other door.
Too many choices, too little time.
Then, in a matter of seconds, the handle stopped moving.
Ibraced myself, expecting them to fling the door open and take me by surprise.
But my real shock came when the wooden panel beneath my feet was yanked away.
---- "Aaahhh!" I screamed as I fell into the void.
Atrapdoorone I hadnt even known existedopened in the carriage floor, and I crashed hard onto the ground below.
Crack! My head struck the earth with a brutal force, making me groan in pain.
The sound of my suffering was swallowed by the chaotic battle raging above.
Hands gripped my ankles with crushing strength, hard enough to bruise, and yanked me violently under the carriage.
I fought with everything I had, trying to scream for help, struggling desperately, but two men restrained me, tying my hands and gagging me before dragging me toward the dark forest.
Flashes of past nightmares attacked my mindmy own imprisonment, the suffocating darkness, the smell of blood and dirt, the cold dread curling around my spine.
Iscreamed into the gag, my eyes filling with tears, frantically searching for Elliot, desperate for any sign of him.
But the massive carriage was a perfect barrier, keeping me out of sight.
Within moments, the shadows of the trees swallowed us whole.
"Damn it, stop struggling, you stupid woman," one of them hissed, his claws tightening around my arms like a hawk sinking its talons into prey.
It hurt, but I refused to go with them like a meek lamb.
I dragged my feet, making myself dead weight, forcing them to struggle with every step.
"Pick up her legs! Lets carry herhurry up, damn it! The Duke will
###Chapter 581
---- realize shes missing any second," the other one ordered, and they started lifting me.
Out of pure survival instinctthe same way I had once fought to protect myself in the pastI raked my nails across his face, aiming for his eyes, carving deep gashes into his skin.
Aaahh!" "You idiot, scream louder so everyone knows were here!" "That bitch clawed my whole damn face!" Enraged, he struck me across the cheek so hard that blood spilled from my mouth, dizziness spinning my world.
The back of my head throbbed from the earlier impact, a hot trickle of blood sliding down my neck, soaking into the collar of my dress.
They hoisted me up between the two of them, and no matter how much I thrashed, I was no match for their strength.
Even in my desperation, I searched for that strange power inside me the energy that had exploded in my worst moments of despair.
But nothing came.
Just like back thenwhen I needed it most and it failed me while I was abused in the sanatorium.
I didnt know where they were taking me.
The wind howled through the treetops, the night closing in, nocturnal creatures scurrying away at our approach, an owl hooting as it took flight.
The shadows thinned.
We reached a clearing.
The distant rush of a river echoed through the night.
---- Ibarely had time to register it before they threw me onto the ground like asack of garbage.
"Ummmnn," I whimpered against the filthy gag, my swollen lips throbbing.
"Here she is, sir," one of them said, and footsteps approached where my face was pressed into the grass.
Black boots entered my vision, and then a rough hand yanked my hair back, forcing me onto my knees.
The movement sent a fresh wave of nausea through me, but I swallowed it down, forcing my eyes shut to stop the dizziness.
My hands were bound in front of me, but I still tried to raise them, desperate to strike, to do somethingthough I could barely muster the strength.
"Hello, Duchess.
We meet again." Topened my eyes, and there he was.
You! I screamed in my head, struggling, but his iron grip held me down mercilessly.
"Thats right, its me.
I see you remember," the man sneered.
It was himthe laborer who had tried to intimidate me at the pen.
"T invited you here cordially to ask you a few questions.
How did you know about the grain theft? How did you know where to look? Did someone tip you off?" He ripped the gag from my mouth crudely, my jaw aching from the rough treatment.
Tears of pain slid down my bruised, swollen cheeks, mixing with the ---- fresh blood.
"Come closer," I murmured weakly, feigning exhaustion, pretending I was on the brink of unconsciousness.
His eyes narrowed with suspicion, but he leaned in anyway, cautious, drawn in by my act.
And the second he was within reach Ilunged, mouth open, fully intending to bite off his nose.
Crack! My teeth snapped on empty air, just millimeters from his skin.
Damn it he had been faster, seeing right through my deception.
"You filthy wench!" He shot up, fury twisting his face, then backhanded me so hard that I collapsed onto the ground.
###Chapter 582
---- 320.
DANGER IN THE DARK KATHERINE I tried to crawl back to the safety of the forest with one last desperate breath.
"Aahh!" I screamed at the sharp sting when the sole of his shoe pressed against my hands, bound tightly with rope.
I felt the tiny bones in my fingers creak, on the verge of breaking.
"HELP! ELLIOT! SOMEONE...
HELP!" "Shut the hell up, damn it! You re getting on my nerves!" "Just finish her off already! The boss said" "Shut up and dont tell me what to do! Come here, talk now or die, bitch!" He grabbed my bound hands, yanking me like a rag doll.
Ipanted heavily, my vision blurred with tears.
I tried to fight, though my strength was fading fast.
The icy blade of a dagger pressed against my throat.
"Tell me right now, who told you we were stealing? Are you working for someone else, trying to screw up our business? Speak!" "Go to hell...
you bastard," I spat in his face, hanging on my knees.
Blood and saliva splattered across his murderous expression.
"I'm so sorry, my love, I'm so sorry," I sobbed in my mind.
Iknew he was going to kill me to silence me, whether I gave him the answer he wanted or not.
---- Besides, I didnt work for anyone.
I didnt even understand what was happening...
"You brought this on yourself, you filthy little Duchess." I felt him tighten his grip on the dagger's handle.
A firm hold, ready to make a clean, swift cut.
I closed my eyes, resigned, only regretting that I was leaving my daughter alone.
In that moment of death, with darkness as my witness and the scarce moonlight peeking through the stormy clouds, the sound of galloping hooves filled my ears.
Was I dreaming? I must be.
"Its the Duke!" "Damnit!" My eyes flew open as the pressure on my throat eased.
Isaw him as if in slow motion, emerging from the midnight mist, between the twisted trees of the foresta white steed carrying an untamed man.
It lasted just a second, just a blink, before the blade was about to slice my throat.
The swift horse passed right behind my attacker.
Hot blood splattered like a fountain across my face, my neck, my clothes.
Tlooked up in horror and saw half of the laborers face slide down, his head split in two, his brain spilling into the open air.
His eyes still held the terrified expression from the moment the Dukes sword ended his life.
The corpse collapsed before me with a dull thud.
###Chapter 583
---- I watched as the towering black-haired man dismounted his horse like a lethal predator, launching himself at the other two men.
They didnt have time to run; instead, they fought back.
Elliot wielded his sword with deadly skill, crimson droplets still dripping onto the forest floor from all the lives he had claimed today.
Bleargh! Itumed to the side and vomited in disgust, dizzy, unable to look at the remains of the man who had almost killed me.
Icrawled towards the forest, trying to get away from the fight, not wanting to be used as a hostage.
My body was weak from the beatings.
I reached a nearby tree, panting.
Lifting my hands, I bit into the rope, trying to free myself.
I was making progress.
My mouth was in agony, dry and wounded, bile still churning in my stomach, but I swallowed and endured.
Ashout rang out, making me step out of the trunks shadow and glance back.
Elliot looked like a beast, his expression enough to make even the bravest heart tremble.
He drove his sword mercilessly into one of the mens chests.
The other, wounded on the ground, staggered to his feet, clutching a rock in his hand, ready to attack Elliot from behind.
"ELLIOT!" I shouted to warn him, but I didnt need to.
---- Like lightning, he spun around and ducked, dodging the blow aimed at his head.
He lunged at the man, throwing him back down.
Straddling him, his fists crashed into his face savagely.
He glanced around, searching for something, until his hand found the same jagged, deadly rock.
He raised it over the mans face and brought it down with fury, over and over again.
The pitiful groans and pleas reached my ears.
I wanted to scream at him not to kill him, that we could interrogate him, but the Duke seemed possessed by a demon.
I tried to stand, to see if I could stop him.
The smart thing was to question him.
The whisper of leaves rustling deep in the forest made my senses flare with alarm.
I turned my head swiftly, feeling the presence of someone near me, a shadow looming over me.
Ibarely had time to react before an indescribable pain tore through me, sharp and sinking deep into my chest.
"Aagegerr," I tried to speak, but blood clogged my throat, spilling over my lips.
My cold, trembling hands clutched at the dark coat of my attacker.
Through the silver streaks of moonlight filtering between the branches, I saw piercing green eyes, the sharp arch of his light brows, his expression cold and merciless.
A fabric mask covered the rest of his face.
---- My vision blurred, darkness creeping in as the blade remained embedded deep inside me.
My fingers lost their grip, slipping downward, as I stared at him, silently cursing him.
"You went too far, Duchess...."" "Rossella!" The Dukes voice rang out behind me.
That was all it took for the man to release me and flee into the night.
I looked down, my breathing growing slower, my heart struggling to keep beating.
Ipressed around the wound, feeling the warm, vital liquid seeping out along with my life.
Red.
All I saw was red, dripping between my fingers.
###Chapter 584
---- 321.
TAKE OF MY LIFE ELLIOT "ROSELLA!" I roared with even more urgency, a sinister premonition assaulting my senses.
Iran toward her scent and then...
that suffocating, intense smell of iron.
Before I reached her, I saw her stepping out from the shadow of the trees her pale skin, trembling lips, and disheveled hair.
My eyes dropped, stunned.
Her hands...
her hands clutched the hilt of a weapon, buried deep in her chest.
"NOOOO!" I bellowed, rushing toward her.
She tried to take steps toward me, staggering, stumbling forward.
I caught her midair in my arms; the coldness of her skin clenched my fears.
I lifted her immediately, afraid to touch her chest, feeling her life slipping away with each breath.
Isat on the ground, near the precipice, my back to the forest.
"No, no, Rosella, you can't do this to me, you can't! Damn it!" My fingers reached for that damned weapon.
When did this happen? How could I be so careless? "L..
I'm sorry..." "Don't talk, don't talk, baby, damn it, no, no..." I bent over her dirt- streaked face, my salty tears wetting her skin.
I shut my eyes tight, desperate.
---- So many times, I had wished for her death, and now that I held her in my arms, dying, about to be freed from my chains, I refused it with every fiber of my being.
I felt like I was dying with hersomething inside me fought harder than ever to break free.
Asharp pain exploded in my mind.
"Feed my female...
feed my female...
blood...
blood...
my blood..." An otherworldly, furious voice roared over and over inside my head.
Iknewit was my wolf.
I knew it.
But I lacked the knowledge to release him.
No one had ever taught me, and now I needed him more than ever.
"Rossella, Rossella, look at me, baby, look at me.
Don't close your eyes.
Don't you dare close them!" Her hand fell lifelessly onto the grass, her eyelids shutting completely.
Thad to save herno matter what.
I took the risk, even if someone saw me, and followed my instincts.
My canines elongated in my mouth.
I tore open the veins in my wrist, and immediately, the powerful life force flowed.
With my other hand, I pried open her mouth, forcing her chin with my fingers.
Ibrought the medicine to her pale lips.
"Drink, Rosella, come on, Duchess, dont you say you love me, that you ll obey me in everything? I command you to liveyour Duke commands you to live..." Ipressed my forehead to hers.
---- Blood dripped into her mouth, slipping down her tongue, but she wasnt swallowingshe wasntand my sensitive hearing caught the dwindling beat of her heart.
I spoke to her over and over, massaging her throat with my fingers to help her.
As the seconds passed, my entire body trembled with the tension in my muscles, the unbearable pain in my soul.
I lifted my gazethe mist cleared slightly, revealing the eternal darkness of this realm, a place where I would never truly belong.
Moonlight bathed us.
They said supernatural beings came from that Goddessthe elementals despised her.
For the first time, maddened, I begged her to let Rosella live, that I would never again wish for her death, that I would never wish her harm despite her past mistakes.
A faint movement beneath my fingers snapped my attention back to her pale, paper-white face.
She began to swallow my bloodsupernatural, mixed with elemental.
"That's it, baby, take more.
Come on, Rossella, dont give up, dont give up, Little Duchess." Her lips closed over my vein, her tongue caressed my wound, sending shivers down my spine.
I felt strange as I fed her.
Despite the desperate situation, I couldn't stop my body from reacting slightly.
###Chapter 585
---- Not even when I slept with Brenda, during my "susceptible" period, did we exchange blood, even though I knew she enjoyed it as a wolf.
Something inside me had always resistedit felt too intimate.
And yet, here I was, hardening at the feeling of Rosellas mouth taking from my life.
I looked toward the dagger.
I was afraid to pull it outbut it had to be done.
Still holding her, my arm beneath her back stretched, my hand gripping the hilt firmly.
Sweat beaded on my forehead.
I watched hershe was devouring, sucking ravenously, replenishing her lost blood.
Without thinking further, in one swift motion, I yanked out the dagger that had nearly taken her life.
"Mmmegerr," she moaned muffled against my wrist, jolting.
Her face twisted in an expression of agonizing pain, beads of sweat and tears falling as she whimpered, briefly pausing her feeding.
"Don't cry, don't cry, baby, it wont hurt anymore, just drink to heal, stay calm, Rosella, calm down, baby..." I couldn't help but kiss her forehead, stroke her damp cheeks, and then press her to drink againto distract her mind.
Ipressed my hand firmly over her chest, applying compression, but the bleeding was slowing.
Theld her tightly against me, pressing my lips to the crown of her tangled hair, full of leaves.
---- Not wanting to think about the madness I had just committed, praying that she was truly unconscious, that she wouldn't remember.
I dont think Rossella knows my secretthough Im not sure.
But this...
this would expose me completely.
I don't know how much time passed seconds, minutes.
Me, sitting on the ground with her on top of me, both of us reeking of blood and nearly of death.
###Chapter 586
---- 322.
VACUUM JUMP ELLIOT Her reddened lips stopped sucking on me.
I watched, exhaling deeply, as color returned to her face.
Lifting my wrist, I licked the wound, tasting the faint traces of her saliva.
My heart finally settled into place, and that entity within me was calmer now that Rossella was alive.
Why was she so important to him if I knew he had once hated her? Part of my visceral disdain for her came from his own raw emotions.
Now that the immediate danger had passed, I carefully scanned my surroundings.
Thad positioned myself with my back to the forest and my front toward the cliff to block the view from any lurking spies.
I was always on guard for a sneak attack, but there seemed to be no one left nearby.
However, before I could get up and figure out how to escape this precarious situation, with threats still looming, a thunderous noise of frenzied galloping and wheels dragging something reached my ears.
My own horse, left to the side, reared up on its hind legs, neighing nervously.
"Tom, easy, easy!" I roared.
With Rossella unconscious in my arms, it was hard to keep him under control.
---- Tapproached cautiouslyhe seemed completely out of control.
Despite my commands, he suddenly let out a loud neigh and galloped away, disappearing into the side of the forest.
Thad tamed him since he was a foalhe had never disobeyed me before.
Something incredibly dangerous was approaching.
I wanted to run in the same direction he had escaped, but it was already too late.
Emerging from the forests mist was a stampede of the horses from my duchy.
It seemed that the men I had left behind fighting after realizing the Duchess had been kidnappedhad been eliminated.
Something had terrified the animals: fire.
Flames trailed behind two of them, setting ablaze what remained of our shattered carriage.
Still attached by the shafts to the harnesses of the terrified horses, it was now barreling straight toward us, pushing us toward the edge of the cliff.
Iran with Rossella in my arms, my boots kicking loose the gravel at the edge.
There was no way out.
Just one step back into nothingness.
Ilooked downthe thick, white mist from the humidity obscured the bottom in the overwhelming darkness.
I knew a river ran through here, but how deep was it? The height of this cliff seemed deadly.
The pounding hooves, the desperate neighs, the crashing wood, the crackling flames, and the searing heat of the fire made me look forward ---- again.
My pupils constricted at the sight of burning wooden debris flying over us.
There was no other option.
Be crushedperhaps burned aliveor jump ...
and maybe drown.
Iclutched my wife tightly and prayed I hadnt saved her only to lose her moments later.
I leaped into the void, and behind me, the remains of my carriage blazed, lighting up the night.
The wind howled in my ears, whipped against my face.
Ishielded Rossella against my chest and braced my legs, preparing to survive the plunge.
The cold swallowed me whole.
The water roared in my ears.
I fought to protect her as the fierce current dragged us along.
At least we hadnt hit any rocks on the way down.
Swept downstream, holding Rossellas lifeless weight while trying to kick against the current was a feat in itself.
But I wasnt a pure elementalmy muscles burst with the power of my race, my lungs greedily seized air whenever I surfaced.
The embers extinguished in the water.
Flaming planks nearly crashed down on us, but the river was faster, carrying me forward.
We bobbed up and down, swallowing water, my teeth clenched every time I slammed against a jagged edge.
My only priority was keeping her above the surface, shielding her.
###Chapter 587
---- The night swallowed us whole, and the river carried us toward the unknown.
I fought like a desperate wolf, unleashing every ounce of power I could control.
Now I regret having suppressed it for so long, fearing the consequences, never receiving the proper guidance.
If "he" were present, he could save herhe could save us both.
ok ..Oh, by the Goddess, Aldo! Its aman clinging to a woman!" ..'"Dont go near themthey could be dangerous! And keep your voice down.
Im tired of telling you not to mention the Goddess." .."Dangerous? They re dying! Help me pull them out!" .." Wait, Nora!" Theard footsteps and voices.
I wasnt fully conscious, but one thought kept me from surrendering: I have to protect her.
I have to protect her.
When I sensed someone approaching a presence, the shadow of a hand Isnapped my eyes open and let out a menacing growl.
My mouth tasted of my own blood, rising from my throat due to internal wounds.
Icouldnt see anything just shadows, sprawled on rough, damp ground.
It felt like a riverbank.
She was still wrapped tightly in my arms, and I roared like a cornered beast, ready to fight to the death.
---- "Easy, easy, I know you re protecting your mate.
Were going to save her.
Trust us, wolf, were going to save her." I focused on a pair of strange, crimson wolf-like eyes.
Something inside me felt reliefan ancient bond calling to me.
Finally, my strength gave out, and I lost consciousness.
ok KATHERINE Iwas disoriented, my head spinning.
My trembling eyelids fluttered open, and my vision landed on a rustic thatched ceiling.
Where was I? What had happened? A flood of memories crashed into my mind, but the most jarring was the attack by that hooded figure in the forest.
Panic surged through me, and my hands flew to my chest.
Iwore an old nightgownI didnt recognize these clothes or this impoverished, rural room.
I fumbled with the buttons.
My frantic eyes, my trembling fingers, traced over the rough bandages wrapped around my torso, covering my breasts.
It hurtit still hurtbut not enough to kill me.
How was that possible? Then, I remembered the Dukehis panicked eyes before I blacked out.
He had feared Rossellas death, despite claiming to despise her.
He wasnt the ruthless, heartless man I had believed him to be.
I slowly sank back onto the rough pillow.
---- In fact, echoes of his deep voice still floated in my foggy mind.
Elliot begged me to hold on, called me baby, little one.
Did he...
kiss me? He pleaded for me to...
feed? On what? After that, all I could recall was an unbearable, soul-piercing cold and relentless swirling, spinning endlessly.
My lungs still ached from the suffocating sensation, the lingering fear and desperation.
But I had kept fighting because something warm had pressed against my face, giving me strength.
Was I dreaming? It was obvious the stab wound had been meant to kill me, and I suspect I only survived due to my supernatural power.
Now I needed to figure out where I was.
Were these people enemies or allies? I tried to sit up, and just then, the door creaked open.
My alert eyes locked onto sky-blue ones, and my soul instantly calmed.
"Duke..." I called out in a hoarse voice.
It felt like an eternity since we had last seen each other.
Why did it feel like something had changed between us?
###Chapter 588
---- 323.
I AM YOUR ALLY KATHERINE "Shhh," he brings a finger to his lips, signaling for me to stay quiet.
limmediately press my lips together.
The Duke closes the door and steps closer, his brow furrowed as his gaze drops to my chest.
I watch as he sits on the edge of the bed, my mind a whirlwind of memories, my urge to bombard him with a thousand questions barely contained.
He leans toward me, and I shudder at the closeness, his deep, low voice pouring into my ear.
"Don't call me by my title here.
No one can know our identities.
We're just a married couple who were attacked by bandits on the road," he whispers, and I swallow hard, nodding.
He straightens slightly, his piercing blue eyes too close.
Istart to feel nervous not just because of his proximity, but because I might have done something unnatural to heal myself.
Did the Duke notice my magic? He couldnt haveotherwise, hed be tying me to a tree and setting me on fire like a torch.
"I...
thank you for saving me, Du I mean, E...
Elliot," I say, tasting his name on my lips.
It feels strange, yet oddly pleasant.
"How are you feeling? Does your wound hurt a lot?" His gaze lowers, and his fingers hover near my nightgown, stopping just millimeters from the buttons, clearly intending to undo them.
---- He hesitates, then pulls his hands back.
Now that I think about itwho cleaned me up and changed my clothes? "Did you...
change my clothes?" I correct myself quickly.
"Yes, you were covered in blood.
I wiped you down as best I could.
The lady of the house gave me that gown for you," he explains.
The air between us feels tense and ambiguous.
"Elliot, what exactly happened?" I finally ask, unable to hold back my uncertainty any longer.
He studies me with a conflicted expression.
He tells me we were attacked, that I was kidnappedI remember that much.
Then I was injured, but he claims it wasnt as severe as it seemed, just a superficial wound.
Ipress my hand to my chest.
I could swear it was seriousa dagger nearly piercing my heartbut I wont contradict him.
Its better if he thinks that rather than questioning why Im still alive.
"Elliot, the person who attacked me was hooded, but the man you killed was the laborer from that grain silo," I frown, forcing myself to recall the details.
"He was asking who I worked for, how I knew about the theftwhich confirms that you are being robbed." He falls into thought.
"This seems far more serious than just stolen grain.
The men who attacked us were well-trainednot common laborers.
And to dare attack ---- me on my own land..." Isee his pupils contract dangerously.
"Why did you leave the carriage? If you sensed danger, you should have tried to find me.
I was never that far away." "Iwas pulled down from underneath.
You never warned me there was a hidden trapdoor in the floor," I explain.
His expression darkens, turning stormy and menacing.
"T didnt know either," he confesses.
"That carriage is relatively new.
And the one responsible for ordering it...
is my butler." linhale sharply.
So, Mr.
Wallace.
He was a grumpy man, sure, but also a complete bootlicker when it came to the Duke.
Inever imagined he could be responsible for such a serious betrayal.
"Well, he knew we were coming for an inspection.
He also heard me talking about the laborers' skirmishes, but something doesnt add up," I lean back against the headboard, analyzing the facts.
Why would they attack you? Wallace wouldn't benefit from anything happening to youhe'd lose his position.
Unless they promised him a better one, but...
I dont know." I glance at him, searching for answers.
"T think you were the target, not me.
But things got out of hand," he replies.
"Me? Why? Just because I discovered the theft? They could ve just blamed some unfortunate worker and been done with it." "You said they asked if you worked for someone," he reminds me, and I
###Chapter 589
---- nod, confirming it.
"So tell me, Rossellado you?" "What?!" I jerk upright, pressing a hand to my chest when a sharp pain stabs through me.
"Don't move so suddenly, be careful...'' He reaches for my shoulders, but I pull away, slightly outraged.
"Do you really think Im betraying you with...
with...? Idont even know who you suspect I work for!" "Shhh, keep your voice down.
Relax, its fine, I believe you.
Lie back," he tries again, but I remain unconvinced.
"Elliot," I grab his extended hand and squeeze it, pulling myself up, almost pressing against him.
"I know we had a terrible start, and I am to blame for everything.
But thinkIm the Duchess.
What sense would it make for me to betray you? Idlose my position." "I know you might think I was attacked to silence me, but then why would I lead you to the stolen grain? It doesnt make any sense!" I mutter through gritted teeth.
Topen my mouth, then close it.
Damn it, I want to tell him so many things, but I cant expose myself.
I really hope my little sister had nothing to do with this, or Ill drag her out of the grave just to kill her myself.
His blue eyes pierce through me, as if trying to read my soul.
The heat of his body presses into mine where our legs touch.
Ineed him to believe meto know Im with him.
Were in the same boat.
"T understand.
And I believe you," he finally says, and I exhale in relief.
I ---- bring his hand to my chest on instinct, holding it between both of mine, closing my eyes for a second.
I try to convey all the turbulent emotions inside me.
"Im your ally, Elliot.
Even if you hate me, I am your ally..." I whisper, locking eyes with him.
I think I see flecks of gold floating in the deep blue of his beautiful irises.
"T promise we ll make it back safely.
ll handle everything, dont worry, "he finally replies.
"It seems that the grain theft you uncovered leads to someone powerful.
I have dangerous enemies.
The duchy bordering these lands belongs to my sworn enemy," he adds, his expression murderous, filled with hatred.
If Wallace is a spy, then I am worried about Lavinia.
But the Duke doesnt care much for hershes not his legitimate daughter, and I suspect Wallace knows that too.
So shes probably safe.
We fall into silence, each of us absorbing everything thats happening.
Suddenly, I feel a tingling sensation in my chest, a pleasant warmth spreading through me.
I glance downhis forgotten hand is still there, fingers shifting slightly, resting almost over my breast.
I quickly release it, realizing his obvious discomfort.
Iclear my throat and change the subject.
"And what happened next? I felt like I was drowning...
I have these flashes of water and rough movements." "We fell into a river.
A pair of commoners rescued us.
Were in a small village near the duchys border," he explains.
---- Elliot, are you sure they wont recognize you?" I lean forward to whisper.
My eyes dart toward the door, trying to see if anyone is spying through the bottom gap.
"The Everhart Duchy is vast.
Not everyone knows my face.
Ive never been to this area before," he whispers back, and now were murmuring like conspirators.
Texpect him to pull away in disgust and irritation like always, but instead, he just...
watches me.
I swear hes staring at my lips move.
Idont knowhe feels different.
Is it true what they say? That extreme situations bring people closer? A rather opportunistic idea begins forming in my mind.
If I want to secure my position as Duchess, then I need to start by seducing the owner of these lands.
Tlean in further, almost close enough for our lips to touch.
###Chapter 590
---- 324.
THE REAL SITUATION KATHERINE Our breathing grows heavy, rushed.
I feel the sparks crackling in the air, the scent of excitement.
"T think...
Id better check if dinner is ready.
The lady of the house said it wouldnt be much longer.
You must be hungry." He springs up like a coiled wire, putting distance between himself and the bed, leaving me there, leaning forward like a fool, lips pursed, as he strides toward the old wooden door.
"Aren't you going to check my wound?" Task in a soft voiceseductive, orso I think.
Iwont give up so easily.
"Mrs.
Nora gave me some medicinal herbs; they should take effect.
Besides, you told me you were fine," he responds curtly, and before I can deploy all my charms, hes out of the room.
"Damn Duke, stiff and uptight.
But what you dont know is that crazy women are persistent, and I wont stop until I conceive your heir," I mutter, already scheming how to take advantage of the fact that, whether he likes it or not, well be forced to stay together.
sek Later, I got the chance to step outside, wrapping a shawl over my house dress, and meet the couple from this humble home.
They had two adorable children.
Alittle boy and a girl who stayed in her roomshe was sick.
---- We adults ate at a poor wooden table, the broth in our bowls nothing more than cloudy water with bits of vegetables.
Not that it was dirtyMrs.
Nora seemed very cleanit was just sheer poverty.
Iknew some villages lived in hardship, but I had never witnessed such extreme scarcity.
Inoticed Elliot seemed tense as well.
He subtly asked the couple why the village was in such dire straits.
Ithink he trusted his administrators too much.
It wasnt always like this, but a few years ago, things started getting worse.
Weve sent complaints to the Duke, but he doesnt give a damn," the man slammed his fist on the table, furious.
"Aldo...!" Its true, Nora! We work ourselves to the bone to fill his coffers.
All we ask for is a bit of grain to survive, and every year, they lower the quotas for laborers even more!" he exclaimed, indignant.
"They say its because of plagues." "Thats a lie, too! Ive worked this land all my life, and Ive never seen such a strange plague!" As they argued, I glanced discreetly under the table, where Elliots fist clenched tightly, the muscles in his jaw rigid.
For the love of the gods, I hoped he wouldnt give himself away.
"And food and medicine prices? Through the roof! Even the part of the forest where we used to gather medicinal herbs is now privatejust for
###Chapter 591
---- him and his nobles! I get that he owns these lands, but is he planning to drive us all to extinction?" BAM! The woman stood, slamming her hands on the wooden table.
I furtively grabbed Elliots hand under the table, squeezing it in silent support.
I knew he felt responsible, and in part, he was.
But this had been orchestrated in his name by someone else.
"T told you not to complain so much in front of our guests! Do you think they can solve our problems? Stop tormenting them!" she shouted, angry.
"But" "Its alright, Mrs.
Nora.
Dont worry.
Im glad to hear how people live here.
I...
didnt know things were this bad in the south," Elliot said, his voice deep and serious.
His hand squeezed mine before letting go.
"[m sorryI need some air," he suddenly said, getting up and striding out of the tiny, rundown living room, which held only a brick fireplace, two rocking chairs, and this dining table.
"Tm sorry, I just get so angry whenever I talk about the Duke.
What a disgrace, in front of you both," the man said, slightly ashamed.
It was clear he had been a hard worker all his liferugged, tanned by the sun, tall and strong, a bit rough around the edges, but both seemed like good people.
Ireassured him that it was fine, that we appreciated their hospitality and their willingness to share what little they had with us.
---- "Tl help you with the dishes." Dinner had ended on a tense note, so I stood to help Mrs.
Nora.
"Oh no, dear, dont worry.
Youre still weakrest.
Or better yet, Ill tell Aldo to heat some water so you can both have a proper bath with medicinal herbs.
Its the best thing for you," she insisted, practically pushing me out of the kitchen.
I didnt insist.
I headed back to the bedroom, but the moment I sat on the bed, I was already bored.
The cot was narrow and hard, the only decoration an old chest in the corner.
There was nothing to do.
I quietly cracked open the door and snuck out into the living room.
Muffled voices filtered from the kitchen.
"_I checked their clothes.
Even though they were dirty and torn, you could tell they were high quality.
They might be nobles.
How could you complain like that?" Mrs.
Nora continued scolding her husband.
..Well, I thought...
I was sure the man was one of our own.
Did you see how he reacted in the river...?" "He didnt admit it, even when you practically spelled it out for him.
Maybe you were wrong.
Or maybe he just doesnt trust usand that would be the wisest choice.
We cant draw attention, Aldo..." "Says the one who insisted on rescuing them," he scoffed.
I stopped eavesdropping before they caught me.
I didnt fully understand their words, but I silently slipped out through the slightly open living room door.
###Chapter 592
---- 325.
UNDRESS ME, WIFE KATHERINE Asmall garden greeted me at the entrance, though the plants were sparse.
I lifted my head and took in the pitch-black darkness.
Only a few faint lights flickered from a nearby house.
The distant hills were covered in trees, rustic wooden fences lined the dirt road that wove through the homes life in the countryside.
In the midst of that darkness, a silhouette suddenly emerged.
The rickety front gate creaked open, and the figure walked up the stone path.
It was Elliot.
"Rossella, why did you come outside? Its cold," he said, approaching immediately.
"Twas waiting for you.
Are you okay?" I asked, taking a few steps toward him.
His expression remained serious and uneasy.
"T went to see the village.
Its...
indescribable," he said through gritted teeth, his face dark with fury.
"This is the borderlands, and its obvious someone else is controlling them.
I feel like an idiot." Well, thats not something Im going to argue with, little Duke, I thought, wisely keeping silent.
"You'll fix it.
We all make mistakes sometimes," I murmured, slowly raising my hand and carefully brushing my fingers over the hard line of ---- his jaw.
I gazed at him with wide, adoring eyesthe way Rossella would.
He lowered his head and met my stare.
At least he didnt push me away.
"The water is ready.
Oh dear...
I hope Im not interrupting..." Mrs.
Noras singsong voice rang from behind me.
limmediately pulled back, and the Duke took a step away.
"You're not interrupting anything.
You said...
the water?" he asked, and with that, preparations for the bath began.
The bathhouse was a small wooden structure, set apart from the main house, further back in the yard.
Inside was a rustic but sturdy round wooden tub.
I took the items Mrs.
Nora had kindly handed methe herbs for the bath and fresh bandagesand stepped aside, watching the Duke carry buckets to fill it.
The shirt he wore belonged to Aldo, fitting more loosely, but with every movement, glimpses of his strong, sweat-slicked muscles flashed through.
I devoured him with my eyeswhy deny it? It wouldnt take much effort to consummate my marriage when my husband looked this damn tempting.
The bulge in his trousers told me I'd enjoy it far too much.
"Alright, its ready.
You can take your time," he said, wiping the sweat from his forehead with his sleeve.
---- We were alone in the yard, accompanied only by the sounds of nocturnal creatures, the forest looming beyond the tall wooden fence.
The homeowners had already gone to bed.
"Wait," I grabbed his arm just as he was about to walk away.
"Elliot, you can bathe with me.
We shouldnt waste the water.
Its not unusual for a married couple." Imoved closer, pressing a breast against his arm, watching him intensely, fluttering my lashes.
I have to admitseduction wasnt exactly my forte.
"T can use the water after you.
Be careful not to wet your wound.
I didnt fill the tub all the way," he said, slipping from my grasp and simply returning the bucket.
Istomped my foot in frustration.
I stepped inside the small, steam-filled room, mist curling through the air.
The tub was warm, perfectly sized for the two of us to fit together, nice and snug.
Everything was perfectI could have taken him, or at least melted that cold heart of his a little! But he refused.
I tossed my clothes onto a few hooks hammered into the wooden wall.
Frustrated, I began undressing.
Iwas about to remove the bandagesnot that I needed them anymore, but they served as a convenient excuse.
Theard his footsteps approaching outside.
A thousand wicked ideas raced through my mind.
###Chapter 593
---- "Oh no, little Dukeyou re not escaping tonight.
One way or another, Im putting my hands on that cock" Murmuring to myself, I set my trap.
ok ELLIOT "Ahhh!" A muffled cry came from inside the bathhouse.
Irushed in, alarmed that something had happened to her.
Pushing open the creaky door in haste, I froze.
There she wascompletely naked, bent over the edge of the tub, her ass raised high in the air.
Through the steam-filled air, I saw between her parted legs, that soft, pink center, the tight, glistening slit that drew my eyes like a magnet.
I swallowed hard, cursing silently.
Something told me this was one of her tricks, just like before.
Only this time, I couldnt resist.
I shut the door behind me and stepped forward.
"Elliot, help me! Ah, Im about to fall into the tub! Im holding on with just one hand!" Her desperate cry snapped me out of my trance.
I stopped devouring her with my gaze and rushed forward, gripping her waist to pull her upright.
Fuck.
In this position, my already-awakening erection blatantly brushed against her heated core.
Tended up pressed right against her.
My hands roamed her smooth skin, the sensual curve of her hips, as I steadied her against me.
---- Her chestnut hair fanned against my face, and I closed my eyes, inhaling deeply.
That intoxicating lavender scent struck me like lightning.
"Elliot, Im sorry...
I really think youll have to help me.
Its hard with my wound," she murmured sweetlyblatantly lying.
I knew her wound was nearly healed.
She turned in my arms andfuck! She held the bandages against her chest with one hand, leaving her two gorgeous, full breasts completely exposed.
Will you help me?" she asked, leaning into me, her stiffened nipples grazing my chest through my shirt.
Our eyes methers dark, burning with desire.
My cock, hard as stone, strained to be freed, aching to thrust deep into my wife.
It didnt matter what suspicions or resentments I harboredbefore everyone, she was my wife.
"My female." The words echoed in my mind, the ones I had heard in my moment of desperation.
I didnt know what they truly meant.
Thad never fully understood the world of werewolves, never learned how to unleash whatever beast supposedly lived inside me.
My fatherwho had hidden his supernatural naturehad died alongside my mother in an accident, never explaining anything, leaving me to figure it all out alone.
Thad always suppressed it, cautious, afraid of exposing myself.
---- But now, there was no doubt.
''He" wanted her.
And so did I.
"I...
lLhelp you, then," I finally answered, my throat dry, letting go of all restraint, pushing aside every fear.
Ijust wanted to forgetif only for a few minutes.
Make me forget, Rossella.
"Then...
should I help undress you?" she asked, her fingers moving to the buttons of my shirt.
"Yes...
undress me, wife.
Lets take this bath together."
###Chapter 594
---- 325.
UNDRESS ME, WIFE KATHERINE Asmall garden greeted me at the entrance, though the plants were sparse.
I lifted my head and took in the pitch-black darkness.
Only a few faint lights flickered from a nearby house.
The distant hills were covered in trees, rustic wooden fences lined the dirt road that wove through the homes life in the countryside.
In the midst of that darkness, a silhouette suddenly emerged.
The rickety front gate creaked open, and the figure walked up the stone path.
It was Elliot.
"Rossella, why did you come outside? Its cold," he said, approaching immediately.
"Twas waiting for you.
Are you okay?" I asked, taking a few steps toward him.
His expression remained serious and uneasy.
"T went to see the village.
Its...
indescribable," he said through gritted teeth, his face dark with fury.
"This is the borderlands, and its obvious someone else is controlling them.
I feel like an idiot." Well, thats not something Im going to argue with, little Duke, I thought, wisely keeping silent.
"You'll fix it.
We all make mistakes sometimes," I murmured, slowly raising my hand and carefully brushing my fingers over the hard line of ---- his jaw.
I gazed at him with wide, adoring eyesthe way Rossella would.
He lowered his head and met my stare.
At least he didnt push me away.
"The water is ready.
Oh dear...
I hope Im not interrupting..." Mrs.
Noras singsong voice rang from behind me.
limmediately pulled back, and the Duke took a step away.
"You're not interrupting anything.
You said...
the water?" he asked, and with that, preparations for the bath began.
The bathhouse was a small wooden structure, set apart from the main house, further back in the yard.
Inside was a rustic but sturdy round wooden tub.
I took the items Mrs.
Nora had kindly handed methe herbs for the bath and fresh bandagesand stepped aside, watching the Duke carry buckets to fill it.
The shirt he wore belonged to Aldo, fitting more loosely, but with every movement, glimpses of his strong, sweat-slicked muscles flashed through.
I devoured him with my eyeswhy deny it? It wouldnt take much effort to consummate my marriage when my husband looked this damn tempting.
The bulge in his trousers told me I'd enjoy it far too much.
"Alright, its ready.
You can take your time," he said, wiping the sweat from his forehead with his sleeve.
---- We were alone in the yard, accompanied only by the sounds of nocturnal creatures, the forest looming beyond the tall wooden fence.
The homeowners had already gone to bed.
"Wait," I grabbed his arm just as he was about to walk away.
"Elliot, you can bathe with me.
We shouldnt waste the water.
Its not unusual for a married couple." Imoved closer, pressing a breast against his arm, watching him intensely, fluttering my lashes.
I have to admitseduction wasnt exactly my forte.
"T can use the water after you.
Be careful not to wet your wound.
I didnt fill the tub all the way," he said, slipping from my grasp and simply returning the bucket.
Istomped my foot in frustration.
I stepped inside the small, steam-filled room, mist curling through the air.
The tub was warm, perfectly sized for the two of us to fit together, nice and snug.
Everything was perfectI could have taken him, or at least melted that cold heart of his a little! But he refused.
I tossed my clothes onto a few hooks hammered into the wooden wall.
Frustrated, I began undressing.
Iwas about to remove the bandagesnot that I needed them anymore, but they served as a convenient excuse.
Theard his footsteps approaching outside.
A thousand wicked ideas raced through my mind.
###Chapter 595
---- "Oh no, little Dukeyou re not escaping tonight.
One way or another, Im putting my hands on that cock" Murmuring to myself, I set my trap.
ok ELLIOT "Ahhh!" A muffled cry came from inside the bathhouse.
Irushed in, alarmed that something had happened to her.
Pushing open the creaky door in haste, I froze.
There she wascompletely naked, bent over the edge of the tub, her ass raised high in the air.
Through the steam-filled air, I saw between her parted legs, that soft, pink center, the tight, glistening slit that drew my eyes like a magnet.
I swallowed hard, cursing silently.
Something told me this was one of her tricks, just like before.
Only this time, I couldnt resist.
I shut the door behind me and stepped forward.
"Elliot, help me! Ah, Im about to fall into the tub! Im holding on with just one hand!" Her desperate cry snapped me out of my trance.
I stopped devouring her with my gaze and rushed forward, gripping her waist to pull her upright.
Fuck.
In this position, my already-awakening erection blatantly brushed against her heated core.
Tended up pressed right against her.
My hands roamed her smooth skin, the sensual curve of her hips, as I steadied her against me.
---- "Oh no, little Dukeyou re not escaping tonight.
One way or another, Im putting my hands on that cock" Murmuring to myself, I set my trap.
ok ELLIOT "Ahhh!" A muffled cry came from inside the bathhouse.
Irushed in, alarmed that something had happened to her.
Pushing open the creaky door in haste, I froze.
There she wascompletely naked, bent over the edge of the tub, her ass raised high in the air.
Through the steam-filled air, I saw between her parted legs, that soft, pink center, the tight, glistening slit that drew my eyes like a magnet.
I swallowed hard, cursing silently.
Something told me this was one of her tricks, just like before.
Only this time, I couldnt resist.
I shut the door behind me and stepped forward.
"Elliot, help me! Ah, Im about to fall into the tub! Im holding on with just one hand!" Her desperate cry snapped me out of my trance.
I stopped devouring her with my gaze and rushed forward, gripping her waist to pull her upright.
Fuck.
In this position, my already-awakening erection blatantly brushed against her heated core.
Tended up pressed right against her.
My hands roamed her smooth skin, the sensual curve of her hips, as I steadied her against me.
---- Her chestnut hair fanned against my face, and I closed my eyes, inhaling deeply.
That intoxicating lavender scent struck me like lightning.
"Elliot, Im sorry...
I really think youll have to help me.
Its hard with my wound," she murmured sweetlyblatantly lying.
I knew her wound was nearly healed.
She turned in my arms andfuck! She held the bandages against her chest with one hand, leaving her two gorgeous, full breasts completely exposed.
Will you help me?" she asked, leaning into me, her stiffened nipples grazing my chest through my shirt.
Our eyes methers dark, burning with desire.
My cock, hard as stone, strained to be freed, aching to thrust deep into my wife.
It didnt matter what suspicions or resentments I harboredbefore everyone, she was my wife.
"My female." The words echoed in my mind, the ones I had heard in my moment of desperation.
I didnt know what they truly meant.
Thad never fully understood the world of werewolves, never learned how to unleash whatever beast supposedly lived inside me.
My fatherwho had hidden his supernatural naturehad died alongside my mother in an accident, never explaining anything, leaving me to figure it all out alone.
Thad always suppressed it, cautious, afraid of exposing myself.
---- But now, there was no doubt.
''He" wanted her.
And so did I.
"I...
lLhelp you, then," I finally answered, my throat dry, letting go of all restraint, pushing aside every fear.
Ijust wanted to forgetif only for a few minutes.
Make me forget, Rossella.
"Then...
should I help undress you?" she asked, her fingers moving to the buttons of my shirt.
"Yes...
undress me, wife.
Lets take this bath together."
###Chapter 596
---- 326.
BATHING THE DUCHESS ELLIOT Istood there, watching her with my head slightly bowed.
The steam from.
the small bathhouse enveloped us, warming our skin.
Her soft hands fumbled slightly as she began undoing my buttons.
All these years with this woman by my side, and never had I drowned in this scorching desire consuming me now.
She opened my shirt and slid it smoothly down my broad shoulders, letting it fall to the floor.
The intense look in her eyes devoured my chest.
Her fingers traced timidly over my heated skin, damp with the warmth of the room.
Tlet out a low groan as she trailed down my tensed abdomen.
The scent of arousal from her cunt was driving me insane.
She was turned on, very turned on, and for the first time, I liked itliked being attractive to her.
"Mmm," Iran the tip of my tongue over my canines, which tingled slightly.
Thad to control myself, keep my wolf from showing, but her curious exploration of my hardened cock was pushing me over the edge.
"Unzip me, now," I growled lowly, pressing myself closer against her.
If she had dragged me to this point, shed have to deal with the consequences.
I watched as she moved her hand from her chest, setting the bandages aside on a nearby hook.
---- For a moment, I worriedI didnt want to hurt her.
"Let me see your wound," I murmured, taking her hand and turning her back toward me.
By the gods, those breasts could take my eye out.
They bounced with the slightest movement, and my mouth ached to suck on them.
I swallowed hard, breathing heavily.
I think my lack of sex for so long was working against me.
"I'm fine.
You can't even see the wound.
I used one of those suction cups Mrs.
Nora gave me," she said softly, stepping toward me again.
Asmall white patch clung to her skin, just above her sternum, at the base of her breasts.
Better she kept believing she was healing on her own.
"Then lets hurry before the water cools," she whispered.
I let her continue undressing me.
She unfastened the buttons, and as she pulled my trousers down, my rock -hard cock sprang free, bouncing slightly.
The swollen, flushed tip glistened with precum just from this little game veins bulging with need.
I watched her closely, gauging her reaction to my nakedness.
Her eyes, dark and glazed with lust, didnt disappoint.
Her sensual gasp, the way she unconsciously ran the tip of her tongue over her plump upper lip, devouring my cock with her gaze...
Mmm, her mouth wrapped around me...
Shit.
This bath was either going ---- to be torture or pure pleasure.
"Get in the tub," I ordered, my voice coming out deep and untamed.
I took her hand and helped her step inside.
She lifted one leg over the edge, then the other, before sinking into the warm water up to her chesther supposed wound completely uncovered.
The tub wasnt exactly spacious.
With her knees drawn to her chest, she leaned forward, making room.
Islid in behind her, settling in, spilling a bit of water over the sides.
With my legs spread, touching the wooden walls, I pulled her hips back, pressing my cock snugly between her ass cheeks, her back resting against my chest.
The scent of lavender intoxicated my senses, heightening my arousal.
"Elliot, help me tie up my hair," she murmured, and I had to admit every time she said my name with that sinful mouth, my cock throbbed even harder.
I grabbed a ribbon from the small stool beside the tub, tying her hair up for her.
It made me remember when she first arrived at the mansion, how I had forbidden her from calling me by my name.
She had always called me Duke.
A lot had changed since she came from the countryside.
"Like this?" I asked, savoring the sight of her delicate, exposed neck, her slender shoulders, that soft nape.
Something inside me demanded I kiss her, inhale her scentand I
###Chapter 597
---- obeyed.
"Mmm, yes, thats good," she purred softly as the tip of my nose brushed against her damp skin.
inhaled her floral scent, let my tongue slide out, and licked her tender flesh.
My gums ached, my canines tingled.
My cock pulsed painfully against her ass.
Under the water, I gripped her hips firmly and began grinding against her like a feral beast, my lips sucking along the fragile column of her throat.
Mmn, the friction...
Fuck, I might come just from a little rubbing.
This couldnt go on.
I pulled back, panting, desperate growls slipping from my throat.
I was grateful she was facing away from me.
"Elliot..." "Prepare..." I swallowed thickly, "prepare the sponge and hand it to me so I can help you wash." My voice was ragged, like a restrained beast.
My vision blurred slightly.
This wasnt even close to my susceptible days, yet I felt just like I did then.
Had it come early? "Here," she said, grabbing the natural sponge from the wooden bench and soaking it with some homemade soap.
I squeezed it between my fingers and started rubbing it over her shoulder blades and delicate spine.
---- Damn it, I knew that when I reached the front, the last thing Id be thinking about was actually washing her.
Iwas dying to grope her titsand even lower.
"Elliot, I think you're polishing my back a little too much.
Why dont you ...
Move to the front already?" she teased, pressing back against me, moaning softly as she brushed against my aching length.
She was pushing me to the edgeand she knewit.
Her arms lifted slightly, resting her hands on the edge of the tub.
Islid mine under hers, pressing the sponge against her right breast.
She melted completely against me, my back pressing against the wooden tub wall.
Iran the sponge as gently as I could, careful not to touch her so-called severe wound.
"Mmm, no, Elliot, the sponge is too roughits scratching me.
You...
should just use your hands instead," she whispered, each word dripping with temptation, droplets from her wet hair falling onto my skin.
Rossella...
when did you learn to be this brazen and seductive? I tossed the sponge aside.
My hands went straight to her breasts.
The slick soap made it easier to move in circles, exploring the soft, perfect flesh beneath my fingers.
"Shhh...
mmmum..." she moaned, and I panted in her ear like a lust- crazed wolf.
Those lush, tender mounds barely fit in my hands, and I squeezed and kneaded them like fresh dough.
---- Her hardened nipples peeked between my fingers, and I toyed with them rolling them in circles, pinching them sensually between my fingertips.
My mouth found her flushed ear.
I licked along the curve before sucking her earlobe between my lips.
"Mmm, Elliot...
more...
lower," Rossella whimpered, grabbing my right hand.
Icould feel her thighs pressed against mine, her legs completely open under the water.
Her sexy stomach tensed beneath my palm as she guided my hand downward, letting out a long, shuddering moan when my fingers found her clit.
###Chapter 598
---- 327.
ORGASM AND LAVENDER ELLIOT Hearing her so damn turned on was music to my ears, her back arching against my body.
Ipressed that little button that made her shudder with pleasure.
I played with it for a bit, massaging it between my fingers, circling it gently as I did the same to her nipple.
My open palm slid down, caressing her shameless vulva up and down.
Despite the waters moisture, something thick and viscous trickled from inside her.
I spread her lips apart and teased the tiny entrance.
I could hear her rapid breathing beneath her chest, her heart pounding wildly.
So alive, so mine, so sensualthis woman belonged to me.
"Aaabh..." The husky moan echoed off the bathroom walls as I slida finger inside her, melting into the hot furnace between her slick folds.
I pushed it in and out, claiming more ground with each thrust, until my knuckles began to collide against her eager pussy.
Rossella writhed in my arms, arching her ass back and rubbing against my rock-hard, swollen shaft, just from these damn preliminaries.
Tlowered my mouth and growled into her ear, sucking along the curve of her neck.
I squeezed her breast deliciously, my hips beginning to rock forward, seeking that maddening friction against her soft ass.
Water splashed over the edge due to our vigorous movements.
---- Islid in another finger and fucked her pussy hard, deep, curling inside her, searching for that spot that would drive her completely insane with pleasure.
When I felt her trembling all over, I knew I had found her sweet spot.
I tormented it over and over, our bodies ablaze, lost in the scorching passion between mist and foam.
Elliot, like that...
ah, right there, my Duke...
ah, ah, ah, Im coming...
she began to moan loudly, grinding against my hand as I rubbed her just right.
I grabbed her hair and turned her head to the side as I leaned in towards her lips.
We met ina fierce, predator-like kiss.
I devoured her lips, sucked on her tongue, swallowing the vibrating moan that escaped her throat as she came so damn hard.
Her folds swallowed my fingers, clenching desperately around them.
Her juices trickled down, mixing with the water.
Rossella trembled uncontrollably, her muscles tight, her nails digging into my arm.
Her scent...
Goddess of the supernatural, thank you for this sensitive nose.
Fuck, she smelled like bottled orgasm and lavender.
When we pulled away, panting, I gazed at her parted lips, just millimeters from mine, my eyes half-lidded.
Thad never kissed her before, and I had no idea what I had been missing.
"Are you satisfied with your bath, Duchess?" I asked, my voice husky and
###Chapter 599
---- teasing, savoring the soft moan she let out as I finally slid my fingers out of her pussy.
My cock envied those damn fingers, wanting to be the one drowning inside that scorching sheath.
My balls were rock-hard, screaming for release.
"I'm not satisfied yet.
I still need to wash my lord," she answered, shifting to turn around.
Thad no idea what she planned to do, but I knew one thingI wouldnt resist for long.
"T think if you stand up, I can wash you even better, thoroughly.
Do you want that?" she leaned toward me, pressing those shameless tits against me, her brown eyes filled with sinful promises.
"Of course.
After giving you such a good bath, I hope you'll show me the same courtesy," I grasped her chin and leaned in, whispering possessively and full of lust.
My thumb traced over her slightly parted lower lip.
Iwas dying to shove my cock into that mouth, and I had a feeling the Duchess would return the favor.
I stood up in the narrow tub, and she knelt in front of me.
The water kept spilling over, already turning lukewarm.
My shaft landed right at her face level.
I saw her eyes widen as she tooka good look at it.
I grabbed it shamelessly, wrapping my hand around the base.
Since she had gotten me this worked up with her teasing, she could damn well take care of it.
---- "Start cleaning right here," I gripped a handful of her soft hair and brought her mouth to my tip, smearing precum on her lips.
"Don't stop until you get everything out." I gazed at her like a predator, appreciating the sinful, mist-filled atmosphere of this dimly lit, steamy little space.
I felt my eyes shift, my entire body slipping into something primal.
"T havent practiced with my husband in over ten years.
If I do it wrong, its only the Dukes fault," she looked up at me innocently from below, in that submissive position that taunted my dominant side.
"Rossella, dont you darshhhh, mmmm, fuck..." I groaned through clenched teeth the moment she wrapped her lips around my cocks head.
Innocence? My ass.
Her hands clutched my thighs.
Her tongue began swirling around me, lapping at my slick, swollen tip, making obscene, wet noises, moaning low and breathing heavily.
Standing in front of her, all I could do was watch as she sucked me so damn well it had me sweating, tense, my fist tightening in her hair, pushing her to take more of me into that divine mouth.
Goddess, I was drowning in pleasure.
My heartbeat pounded in my ears, deep, wild growls spilling more and more from my chest.
My knees buckled slightly, my back hunching forward as I started thrusting into her slippery throat.
The tight muscles around my cock vibrated with her moans.
The scent of sex and lust sent me sky-high.
---- Every time her teeth barely grazed my sensitive skin, I saw fucking stars.
"Mmmm, Rossella, fuck, Im coming...
shhhh, baby, Im coming...
mmmm...
yes, yes, suck me harder, baby, mmmmm...
I love your mouth...
" T shut my eyes, pushing her head forward, fucking her mouth like a ravenous wolf in heat.
My balls nearly slapped against her chin, swinging desperately for release.
Just a few more thruststhen, a sudden series of insistent taps against my thighs snapped me out of it.
It took everything in me to stop, to pull myself out of that pre-orgasmic haze, but I did when I looked down and saw her teary eyes staring up at me in desperation.
"Shit, shit, Im sorry.
Fuck, was I choking you?" I immediately pulled out, my cock practically weeping from stopping again.
###Chapter 600
---- 328.
THE DUKE IS A BASTARD ELLIOT Rossella lowered her head, coughing a little and panting rapidly.
I think I went too far.
Let me see, did I hurt you? Wait, Rossella, no, dont get up, Ill kneel down...
I tried to stop her when she grabbed onto my legs and started to rise.
She wiped her swollen lips with her hand.
I immediately checked to see if she was hurt.
TJ...
lost control, I didnt...
Its fine, she took my finger, the one caressing her chin, and licked it, never breaking eye contact, making every inch of my body vibrate.
Her guttural voice, strained from how she had just used her throat, turned me on even more.
Elliot, I...
lasked you to stop because...
She took another step forward; I was trapped against the edge of the tub.
JT want you to come right here, she grabbed my cock and slipped it between her legs.
Due to the height difference, only the tip brushed against her slippery slit, but that was enough to make both of us hiss in pleasure.
Would you mind if I asked you to fill me with your seed? Mmmm, stop talking to me like that, with that whorish tone that has my balls turning purple.
---- Rossella...
Call me Duchess, I love my title.
Say it...
my Duchess, she dragged the words between moans.
I feel like Im losing control with this woman.
I grabbed her nape possessively and pulled her flush against me, our lips brushing, moaning into each other, our breaths hot and heavy.
My other hand slid down to her ass, squeezing it wildly.
Her hips rolled erotically against mine, her hand still between us, guiding my cock between her legs, pressing it against her slick folds.
Her clit throbbed, riding my hard length.
Just teasing, fuck.
We were fucking standing up, only with passionate kisses, touches, and the friction of our soaked, desperate bodiesno penetration, yet it felt so damn good, so damn filthy.
Aahhh, she moaned into my face when my tip finally slipped inside her pussy, pushed in by her fingers.
Just the very beginning of the shaft, just a taste of her tight, dripping heat.
ssshhh, Duchess...
mmmm, my Duchess...
sshhh...
spread your legs wider, I want to fuck your needy little pussy now.
Fuck, I cant take it anymore, I need to mount you...
shhh, youre mine...
MINE! A beastly voice inside me confessed, my body surging forward, seeking to bury myself deeper, kissing and nipping at her neck, pressing her against me desperately.
Elliot, take me...
mmm, sit in the tub...
aaahhh, sit down, I want to ride
###Chapter 601
---- you...
mmm...
so hard...
She started pushing against my chest, eager, needy, ready to give me exactly what I wanted.
But something was wrong.
Very wrong.
I couldnt control myself, I couldnt...
The very idea of claiming her, of finally taking her, sent my lust spiraling out of control.
Islid my hands up her back.
No, no, no...! Large black claws had sprouted from my fingertips.
I hid my face in the crook of her neck so she wouldnt see, my canines lengthening like a beast.
Thats exactly how felt.
Having her so close, so receptive, so willing to be mineit wasnt helping.
It was so much more intense than those nights when I sought out Brenda to mate.
My skin burned, my bones cracked, my muscles bulged and ached.
Something was happening, a change I couldnt seem to control.
Shes going to find out! Elliot? she called out hesitantly, sensing that I had gone completely still.
Iscrambled for a way out.
Ts something wrong? Did I...
did I do something? If you dont want to...
I can just touch you, help you...
her fingers trailed over my cock, harder and thicker than ever.
My sensitive shaft ached at the base.
Fuck! Why the hell is this happening now?! I shot out of the tub like a madman, walking away from her, turning my ---- back, avoiding her gaze, trying to hide these sharp, dangerous claws while I fumbled for my pants.
Elliot, talk to me.
Did I...
did I do something wrong? Dont come near me, Rossella! I snarled when I heard the water splash and her attempting to step toward me.
No, you didnt do anything wrong we L..
My voice came out distorted, more growls than human words.
Something in my chest ached too much, the weight of her disappointment crushing me.
I didnt want her to think it was out of disgust.
No...
damn it, no! ?lts...
its because I want you too much...? This is my fault, it has nothing to do with you.
You didnt do anything, Rossella...
just...
I closed my eyes in agony.
I had to get the hell out of there.
Finish your bath.
I buttoned up my pants hastily, shoving the almost purple beast back inside, and stormed out, slamming the door behind me.
Thurried toward the back fence, vaulted over it with brute force, and bolted into the forest, barefoot, like a wild animal, breathing heavily, letting the cold air cool the unbearable heat consuming me as I ran deeper into the nights darkness.
Damn it, I felt like a bastard for leaving her like that.
But she couldnt find out.
I was almost certain she didnt know.
Rossella had no idea about my secretthat I was a werewolf, the descendant of a werewolf and an elemental.
---- Iliked her too much.
I didnt know why, but this woman didnt seem like the Rossella I married, even though she looked exactly the same.
This new version of her drove me mad like never before.
I wanted her more than any woman in my life.
And that was dangerous.
Iwas playing with deadly fire, and I didnt trust...
I didnt trust her.
Not yet.
sek KATHERINE WHAT THE FUCK JUST HAPPENED?! Imean, the damn sausage was already in the bun, and this bastard of a Duke dares to leave me hanging, starving?! THATS NOT HOW THIS WORKS, ASSHOLE!
###Chapter 602
---- 329.
MEETING IN THE FOREST NARRATOR Elliot ran like amadman, barefoot, with no direction.
He didnt feel the sharp stones or the scratches on his bare torso from the jagged branches in his path.
Sweat dripped from him, his breathing erratic.
He collapsed onto the soft grass in the middle of the dense forest.
His entire body burned, as if his temperature kept rising endlessly.
His bones cracked in a strange way.
He arched his back into a fetal position, enduring the painful tremors in his muscles.
With clawed hands, he clutched his head, which throbbed as if thousands of burning nails were piercing his skull.
His heart pounded so fast he thought it would explode, that hed die right there.
He clutched his chest, his nails digging into his strong pectorals.
Something inside him clawed to break free, to take control, to command his willbut he resisted.
He always resisted.
The only time he hadnt was that night.
He didnt know exactly what had happened, but it had been something very similar; he lost control completely.
When he regained consciousness, a man was screaming beneath him, wounded and covered in blood.
Rossellas father.
---- He had watched Elliot shift from beast to man.
Elliot should have silenced him right then and there.
Instead, he made one of the worst mistakes of his lifeletting him go, showing him mercy.
He had even paid him off for his silence.
That bastard came back, of course he came back, and blackmailed him with proof of his transformation.
Elliot had no idea where he had gotten it from, but it was clearly some kind of sorcery.
Apendant with a black stoneone that contained a memory.
Amemory where Elliot saw himself for the first time, half-hidden by the nights shadows, vaguely transformed into a massive, dark-colored beast.
He walked on two powerful legs, bloodstained fangs bared, sharp claws extended, his eyes glowing red with murderous intent, roaring in the middle of that desolate swamp, like something straight out of the worst nightmares.
Elliot didnt even want to imagine what would have happened if he had shifted like that in the city instead of out there, crossing that wretched mans land.
Marrying a woman he despised and accepting her baby as his own daughter was nothing compared to what would happen if others discovered him.
Death.
Only death awaited him.
He didnt know how to control it.
He didnt understand the connection to his inner wolf, so he suppressed it just like now.
###Chapter 603
---- Gritting his teeth, his elongated canines sank into his lip, blood dripping, his body trembling, hugging himself on the ground, resisting the shift with all his strength, even if it tore him apart.
"m normal.
Im an elemental.
My mother is an elemental.
I cant be that monster.
Im the Duke...
Im normal," he repeated to himself over and over, over and over, for what felt like an eternity.
Eventually, he managed to suppress the surge of adrenaline and the primal call that had been triggered by the raw excitement of being next to Rossella.
Elliot squeezed his eyes shut.
He had to stay away from her, just like before.
Could Rossella have something to do with witchcraft? Was she casting something dark on him, enchanting him? Her father had carried that enchanted pendant.
Elliot had even thought of blackmailing him back by exposing him, but he had far more to lose.
That man had told him he would anonymously send the proof to the palace inspectorthat he had an accomplice and another copy.
The recording showed his transformation back into a human.
His face was unmistakable.
Finally, he pushed himself up, filthy, drenched in sweat, his body still aching from the aftershocksbut more in control.
The crisis had passed.
He started walking back, a little lost.
He had run like a lunatic.
---- The moonlight barely pierced through the forest canopy, casting eerie shadows.
A rustling sound up ahead, like footsteps on dried leaves, made him halt cautiously.
Could it be a wild animal? He wondered, ducking behind a bush, trying to stay silent.
His eyes locked onto the dark path between the trees.
The whispers had stopped.
He stayed on high alert, but in the next instant, someone grabbed his shoulder from behindfirmly.
Elliot reacted instantly, throwing himself forward, crashing through the underbrush, rolling into the clearing, ready to face his attacker.
His pupils narrowed instinctively to see better in the darkness, but his sharp nose quickly told him it was someone familiar.
Relax, Mr.
Elliot.
Its me, a deep voice came from the shadows as Aldos solid figure emerged.
He raised his hands, showing there was no threat, but Elliot sensed another presence and shifted his focus to the mans back.
Oh, Icame with a friend.
Tomas, come out already.
Theres no danger.
Its the man staying at my house, Aldo called back, and another man, smaller in stature, appeared, watching Elliot cautiously.
What are you doing out here at this hour? he questioned.
T could ask you the same thing, dont you think? the Duke responded coolly.
---- He wasnt used to being interrogated.
Alright, lets all calm down.
Tomas, everyone has their own business.
Mr.
Elliot...
Just call me Elliot, he corrected him.
Alright, Elliot went out for a run.
Cant you see the state hes in? He probably sprinted through the forest, isnt that right? Aldo raised a brow, making an insinuation.
Once again, Elliot gave a vague answer.
Well, if he didnt want to mingle with others of his kind, no one could force him.
Still, there was something about this man that commanded respect.
In the hierarchy of their kind, Elliot saw himself as superior, and Aldo was an Alpha.
Aldo suspected he was standing before a lycan.
Tm heading back to the house then...
You can come with us if youd like.
Were going to check on some crop matters, Aldo suddenly offered, strangely unguarded for someone usually so cautious.
Aldo, no! I told you this was serious! Why are you inviting him? Tomas protested.
###Chapter 604
---- 330.
SPYING ON THE ENEMY NARRATOR "I'm no spy.
Ican go and be of help," Elliot immediately showed interest.
He needed to know exactly what was happening here.
Despite Tomass protests, he ended up following them through the forest.
They moved fast, running with agility.
Elliot never lagged behind.
This level of speed and endurance couldnt be sustained by a normal elemental.
None of them were normal.
ook They crouched behind large rocks at the edge of a cliff.
Below, a deep canyon stretched out, with the wide river marking the border between the two Duchies.
Elliot, can you hear us?" Aldo tried once more to speak to him telepathically, but nothingElliot didnt even acknowledge it.
Aldo frowned.
This guy was either playing dumb or truly had no knowledge of his supernatural abilities.
Regardless, the sounds of horse hooves, creaking wagon wheels, and water splashing made them refocus on the scene unfolding a few meters ahead.
---- "Down there," Tomas whispered as the riders who had reached the shore raised their torches to scan the perimeter.
Through the cracks and gaps between the rocks shielding them, they watched as boats arrived and were pulled onto the shore.
They were loaded with heavy crates and guards from the other Duchy.
"T told you, I heard correctly.
That loudmouth Peter let it slip.
Look at him there, hauling crates," Elliot listened to the conversation, his frown deepening as he spied on the smuggling operation happening at his very borders.
"Those are the same crates we packed with sacks of grain," Aldo muttered through clenched teeth as they watched large boxes being unloaded from the carriages and transferred onto the boats.
At the same time, smaller crates were being taken off the boats and loaded onto the carriages.
What are they bringing in?" Elliot asked.
"Call me crazy, but Id swear those are the pests ruining the Dukes crops, " Aldo replied.
Everything was so meticulously planned, step by step, to drive him to ruin, to turn his own people against him over the food shortages.
Elliot had to find a way to dismantle everyone involved.
"Do you think theres a way to investigate further?" he suddenly asked Aldo.
The man looked at him thoughtfully.
"A few days ago, a guy approached Tomas and me, offering a deal
###Chapter 605
---- workers in exchange for more grain.
We turned him down, but now! think it was for this, to work for them and haul those crates.
If we accept, then..." "Aldo, are you insane? Thats way too dangerous.
Im not getting involved just to snoop around.
And even if we found something, what would we do with that information? The Duke doesnt give adamn" "He does care," Elliot interrupted, his tone firm and unwavering.
Tomas was about to argue back, but a beam of light seeped through the rocks from below.
The guards had noticed their presence.
"Hey! Looks like there are spies up there!" A commotion broke out.
They had to run.
Voices shouting orders echoed through the night, accompanied by the sound of horses being spurred forward.
"Shit, run, run!" Aldo hissed urgently, and the three of them bolted into the shelter of the forest.
Elliots powerful legs kicked into action again.
His strong calves propelled him forward with explosive energy.
He leapt over fallen logs, dodged low branches, and avoided scattered rocks along the path.
Water splashed around them as they dashed through the small streams cutting across the vast forest.
Behind them, the pounding hooves vibrated through the ground, startling animals in their burrows.
The roars of their pursuers and the crack of a whip echoed through the ---- night, hunting them down like prey.
Yet, with the dense trees and rough terrain, the riders quickly lost their advantage against the three wolves who hadnt even transformed.
ook "Hah! I thought we werent gonna make it.
Damn, that was close!" Tomas gasped for air like an asthmatic in the middle of an attackand he was supposed to be supernatural.
Aldo just raised an eyebrow at him, unimpressed, as dramatic as ever.
Beside them, Elliot hadnt even broken a sweat during the chase.
"Go home, Tomas.
Its too late.
Make sure no one sees you wandering around," Aldo clapped him on the shoulder.
In the end, the worker left, glancing at Elliot once more still unconvinced.
Aldo and Elliot walked to the small gate leading to the orchard, pushing it open to enter the safety of the house.
"What I said about infiltrating, I know its dangerous.
You dont have to trust me, but..." Elliot stopped him at the doorstep, speaking in a low but deadly serious voice.
"T think you already know were nobility.
We really were attacked.
I have close ties to the Duke, and I can assure you he knows nothing about this situation.
There must be traitors close to him." He spoke with the certainty of someone who was the Duke himself, though he didnt dare reveal it.
"Tl be returning home soon.
I1l make contact with the Duke of Everhart.
It would be best to uncover whats really going on and capture ---- everyone involved at once.
Aldo, the towns situation will improve.
The strong worker studied him, searching for any trace of deception in his words.
Thousands of doubts clouded his mind, countless unanswered questions.
But something in Elliots deep eyes made him believe.
The raw power hidden beneath his skin, the instinct of his wolfit told him this risk was worth it.
"Alright, Ill do it.
Pll risk my life for your promise.
But if you betray me, know thisyou ll be leaving a widow and two children without a provider, and the Goddess will not let you die in peace," he declared, pressing his hand to his chest, in the old warriors vow his father had taught him.
###Chapter 606
---- 331.
BACK HOME NARRATOR Elliot didnt understand what it meant.
However, he imitated him.
T swear on my life, I will die cruelly if I break my promise, he assured, pounding his fist against his heart.
Elliot knew this man was a supernatural beinghe had hinted at it in so many ways.
He also understood that Aldo suspected him as well.
Apparently, he had revealed something when he rescued him from the river, but he didnt dare ask, didnt dare open up, because he wasnt just anyone.
He was the Duke, and he had too much to lose.
No one would be blackmailing him again.
Suspicion wasnt the same as certainty.
Aldo went inside the house to rest with his family.
Elliot sighed, glancing at the narrow hallway that led to the backyard.
He headed in that direction to empty the tub and clean up the bath he had fled from like a coward.
As he pushed open the door with a low creak, he found himself in the dimly lit, chilly room.
Rossella had left everything neat and dry.
Only the tub still held a little water, the remnants of what had splashed everywhere during their passionate encounter.
The scent of her, of heated sex, still lingered faintly in the air, stirring his blood and vibrating in his memories.
---- Elliot occupied his mind with the mechanical task of emptying the water, taking the chance to splash some on himself to wash off the sweat and grime from the forest.
About an hour later, he entered the small room they would be sharing.
Moonlight streamed through the cracks in the old wooden window.
The Duke approached cautiously, step by step, listening to the steady breathing and soft snores.
He removed his shoes, lifted a corner of the tattered blanket, and carefully settled in behind the warm body.
The bed was narrow; immediately, Rossellas back was pressed against his chest, her ass brushing against his groin, his nose burying into the strands of her brown hair as he inhaled deeply at the nape of her neck.
He nearly growled in pleasure as lavender flooded his senses.
Elliot hated sleeping with someone.
Not even with his lovers, not even with Brenda, the one he had been with the longest, because both of them hid a secret.
Yet his hand instinctively wrapped around the slim waist.
He pulled Rossella possessively against him, molding her body to his, skin against skin, caressing her belly over her nightdress, trying to calm himself with her soft scent.
mo, dont touch me, you damn tease...
thats not fair...
naughty little Duke...
bad...
Elliot smiled in the darkness at her indignant murmurs, muttered in her sleep.
###Chapter 607
---- What are you doing to me, woman? If this is a spell...
its working too damn well...
He murmured before trying to close his eyes and sleep with his wife in his arms for the first time.
ook BAM! Aloud thud startled him awake in the middle of the night.
He sat up, adjusting his eyes to the deep darkness, immediately on high alert.
His ears caught hurried footsteps approaching.
Elliot, what...2 shhh, dont speak.
Get up, quickly and quietly, he leaned into his wifes ear and whispered urgently.
Katherine snapped out of her peaceful sleep in an instant.
Panicked and nervous, she got up carefully, trying not to make the cot creak too much.
Elliot reached under the pillow for the dagger sheath he had kept hidden in his boots and positioned himself behind the door, the sharp blade drawn.
He expected the intruder to burst in.
However, what he heard were insistent knocks.
Elliot, Elliot...
Aldos voice whispered.
Elliot immediately hid the weapon behind his back.
He gestured for his ---- wife to move closer to him, shielding her behind the door before opening it slightly.
Whats going on, Aldo? He instantly noticed the mans furrowed face.
Something had happened.
You need to leave immediately.
It seems they re looking for you in town.
Tomas came to warn me.
Some guards say they re tracking down nobles who were in an accident.
They went to check your house.
They ll be here soon, Aldo explained in a rush.
They had been lucky this was one of the houses farthest from town, but it was only a matter of minutes.
Unless you think they re your people looking for you...
No, no, we have to go.
Rossella, get dressed now.
Were leaving.
Aldo...
ll get you out of town, dont worry.
Thank you, thank you for everything, Elliot said, full of sincere gratitude for this man and his family.
He would repay them laterhandsomely.
They quickly put on their mended but clean clothes.
They whispered their goodbyes to Nora.
The children were asleep in their room.
As they slipped out through the backyard door, authoritative voices began calling from the front.
Go, now! Ill hold them off.
Go, go...
Nora pushed them, kissing her husband, speaking to him in his mind to reassure him, then ran off to distract the men and buy them time to escape into the forest.
###Chapter 608
---- 332.
THE MAGIC PENDANT NARRATOR Quickly, take this boat across the eastern stretch of the river, and you ll reach the neighboring village.
Look for Joaquin at the only inn there.
He should be about to leave with his trade caravan.
Tell him you come in my name...
Aldo was giving hurried instructions as they untied the knots securing the boat and prepared to push the small vessel down the ramp and into the water.
Sheltered inside the old boathouse, Katherine watched them nervously, barely managing to slow her frantic breathing after their reckless sprint.
For heavens sake, these men didnt even look like they had just spent half an hour running through the forest like mad dogs, while she felt like she was about to cough up her lungs.
And to think she had supernatural bloodif she didnt...
Push.
With a dull thud and the splash of water, the boat landed at the rivers edge.
All that was left was one final shove to send it down the ramp.
Katherine moved to help them; between the three of them, it would be quicker.
Suddenly, Elliot beside her went rigid.
He glanced over his shoulder toward the dark entrance of the old boathouse, and without warning, he grabbed her wrist and shoved her ---- into a shadowy corner behind some barrels.
Who's there?! At the same time, an angry voice rang out, and the flickering light of a torch illuminated the face of an older man who entered with a stern expression.
Relax, hes an ally, Aldo reassured with a sigh.
The tension was thick, the atmosphere stifling.
Old man, its me...
he said, stepping forward to speak in hushed tones with the newcomer.
Katherine made a move to leave her hiding spot, crouched behind the barrels, but her eyes met Elliots in the dim light.
He subtly gestured for her to stay put.
She remained hidden until, after a few minutes, Aldo approached them.
Dont worry, Ive made a deal.
Hes the ferryman.
Hell get you safely to the other side, he said quietly to Elliot, though Katherine could hear him.
But did he ask for payment? You cant just keep giving away your grain.
Tts nothing, just a little...
No, take this.
I was going to give it to you for our expenses anyway.
Elliot pulled a solid gold ring with a ruby stone from his inner pocket.
It was highly valuable and could be sold for a small fortune in gold coins.
Which was yet another testament to the honest nature of this man and his wifebecause they could have easily robbed them while they were unconscious.
###Chapter 609
---- No, you insult me if you give me that.
Im not charging you...
And Tinsist.
Dont waste my time with this, Aldo.
I need you to secure your family, just in case.
Think about what we discussedI will follow through.
Ill return with support, and if you give me valuable information, even better.
Aldo looked him straight in the eye.
He understood that despite his honesty, he would feel more at ease undertaking something so dangerous if his family had money saved.
Fine.
You have fifteen days.
Not a day more, he warned, taking the ring.
Elliot nodded, convinced he would need far less.
After all, he was the Duke.
sek In the darkness, the gentle sound of oars dipping into the water echoed as the small rustic boat glided forward.
On the shore, a broad-shouldered man watched them until they disappeared from sight, then turned back toward his home.
Elliot held Rossella tightly by the waist beside him, both huddled in the bottom of the boat, seeking refuge from the cold mist as dawn approached.
It had been a stormy night, filled with turmoil, and now they had to find their way home.
Thank you.
Where can I find the inn? he asked the gruff old ferryman, who only gave him brief directions before rowing back to the other side.
Let's go.
---- Katherine let Elliot take her hand in his larger one.
Throughout this whole desperate escape, she couldnt help but notice the shift in the Dukes demeanor.
He had protected her at all times, never left her behind.
Something unfamiliar spread in Katherines chestshe wasnt used to being cared for by any man this way.
Elliot, you gave Aldo something valuable.
I dont think it was wrong, but ...
what if we need to pay for more things? she asked, frowning as she voiced her concern.
They walked hand in hand, trying to stay unnoticed along a path cutting through a field of tall wheat stalks.
Before Elliot could tell her he had kept the gold cufflinks he was wearing, he was taken aback by what Rossella did next.
Oh! Thats right, I still have this! She pulled her hand from his and reached into her neckline, fishing out an old pendant she had hidden among her fathers belongings.
She believed it had belonged to her mother because of the engraved initials on the black opal stone, which was why she had kept it.
When Elliot saw her take out the pendant with the black stoneone that didnt appear particularly valuable but to him meant his damnationhe froze.
Was Rossella really handing him the magical item her father had used to blackmail him?
###Chapter 610
---- 333.
ARE YOU A QUICKIE? NARRATOR What? You think they wont accept it as payment?" She looked at him with worried, almost innocent eyes.
Elliot gazed deep into those eyes.
She seemed sincere, no tricks or deception.
He was growing more convinced that this wasnt his original wife, and now it was painfully clear that this womanidentical to Rossellahad no knowledge of his secret.
"Yes, I think it will work." He extended his hand, hesitantly, half-expecting her to change her mind at the last second.
His heart skipped a beat when she placed the magical pendant in his palm.
"Well then, Ill leave it in your care." "Isnt this important to youe" he probed, but he quickly tucked it away.
He had no intention of giving it up again.
In fact, he would destroy it completely.
"Not really.
I think it belonged to my mother, but I never even met her.
Either way, the living have to find a way to keep going," Katherine said, shrugging off the matter without a second thought.
She had no idea she had just handed over the only leverage that could have kept the Duke under her control.
Elliot gripped her hand much more firmly as they stepped onto the muddy village street.
---- The sun was already peeking over the hills, roosters crowing to announce the dawn.
When they reached the inn, the neighing of horses, the rumble of wheels, and the sound of voices behind the building caught their attention.
Walking down the narrow alley toward what must have been the stables, they saw a group of men and women loading trunks, sacks, and bales of hay onto several wagons.
Aman at the front was barking orders at two burly workers, who seemed to be his employees.
"Wait here." Katherine nodded at the Dukes order and stepped aside, trying to remain unnoticed.
Luckily, the patched and slightly tattered clothes Nora had given them helped them blend in somewhat, avoiding curious glances.
She watched Elliot speaking with the man in charge.
He had his back to her, but she could tell he was negotiating seats on the wagons heading to the duchys capital.
No matter how hard he tried to pass as a commoner, the imposing dark- haired man exuded nobility in every wayhis commanding presence, his dominant tone, always speaking as if issuing orders.
Katherine hoped he could pull it off.
If the merchant knew he was haggling with the Duke himself, hed probably keel over on the spot.
###Chapter 611
---- Elliot tumed and pointed toward her, prompting Joaquin to give her a quick glance.
Then their conversation continued.
The Duke pulled something out as payment, though Katherine couldnt see it well.
Hopefully, the man wouldnt reject the old necklace.
She was nervous; however, she saw Joaquins eyes widen before he immediately accepted whatever Elliot had offered.
Was that old trinket more valuable than it seemed? Whatever it was, judging by the Dukes expression as he returned, it seemed they now had a means of transportation.
"Everythings set.
We just need to wait until theyre done.
Are you cold?" Elliot noticed her shivering slightly and moved to embrace her, but the Duchess straightened her back with pride and took a step away.
"T was warm last night too, and you didnt care.
Why would it matter if Im cold now?" Katherine whispered venomously, shooting hima haughty look.
Elliot took in her beautiful, aggrieved expression, discreetly glancing at those tempting lipslips he vividly remembered wrapped around his cock, sucking and giving him so much pleasure.
His blood began to boil.
Damn it, this was neither the time nor the place.
Ignoring his wifes provocations, he simply looked away, letting the torturous moments pass.
"Coward." Her low murmur reached his sharp ears.
---- Elliot didnt know whether to laugh or groan.
He had the urge to tell her, ?If I hadnt left, the big bad wolf wouldve literally devoured you, you horny little Duchess? "Alright, lets go, everyone!" Joaquins call rang out after a while.
Several rough-looking laborers climbed onto the wagons, along with a few women heading to the duchys center to shop.
"No, ladies, Im sorry, but the covered wagon is already taken for today," Joaquin cut off a few women trying to board the enclosed carriage, which protected from the sun and wind.
Despite their protests and envious glances, that spot was reserved for the odd couple who had arrived last.
Elliot jumped up onto the wagon and extended his hand.
Katherine hitched up her skirt like a tomboy and climbed up on her own without taking his help, exuding defiance.
She sat on the wooden floor beside the hay bales that filled most of the space, leaving only a small corner near the edge for the Duke to sit.
"You can sit, you know.
If you want.
I dont have mange.
Hey, what are you?!" Asudden kiss landed on Katherines lips as Elliot settled beside her, pinning her between the large hay bales and his solid frame.
His calloused hand, hardened by sword training, slowly traced her cheek, while his lips took hers in a deep, erotic kiss, hidden in the safety of the rustic carriage.
"T didnt leave because of you.
The problem was mine.
You had nothing ---- to do with it," Elliot murmured against her lips.
Katherine gasped, craving more of his kisses, her heart pounding wildly.
She loved his intoxicating scent of bergamot, his masculine spicebut she knew this wasnt the right time or place.
Why?...
Are you a premature ejaculator?" pet Elliot nearly choked on his own breath, ready to spit blood at his wifes outrageously shameless question.
###Chapter 612
---- 334.
YOU ARE FINISHED NARRATOR She even gave him a once-over, her gaze stopping blatantly on his crotch.
Elliot stared at her in disbelief before bursting into laughter, drawing a few glances their way.
Katherine smirked subtly.
She had never seen him laugh like that beforehe looked so damn sexy without that usual grumpy, superior air.
So, the ice man actually had a sense of humor sometimes.
Elliot coughed alittle, regaining control of himself.
She was so unpredictable, like a breath of fresh air in his life, filled with secrets and fears.
She had no idea how, day by day, she was slipping further away from the role of Rossella.
The real Duchess had been prissy, full of insecurities, rigidnot like this new Duchess, who had him completely captivated with her sensuality and spirit.
He wanted to tell her he was dying to make love to her like never before, but the shadow of what had happened yesterday still loomed over him.
What if he lost control with her again? What if he hurt her...
and was discovered? He opened his mouth to give her a seductive response, then shut it again in frustration.
The driver snapped the reins, and the caravan set off.
Their wagon was the last in line, swaying as it rolled over the dirt paths, ---- cutting through fields and villages.
They both fell into silence.
Elliot reached out and took his wifes smaller hand in his, squeezing it, lazily tracing over her skin with his finger while watching the sky and the road fading behind them.
"Tf only I knew your secrets.
Who are you? What are you hiding? Why are you pretending to be Rossella? Why do you look exactly like her?" If he could uncover the truth, he would feel more confident about exposing himself to her.
With leverage in his hands, he might daresecret for secret.
Elliot decided to wait.
He would bide his time.
Meanwhile, Katherine gave him a scornful look.
Damn Duke.
He had riled her up again.
She had even provoked him, and just when she thought he was about to suggest consummating their marriage as soon as they reached the castle, he simply sat there staring at the birds.
At this rate, theyd be holding hands like virgins forever.
This wouldnt stand.
She had made up her mind.
One way or another, she would learn what Nana had tried to teach her she would bewitch him, fuck him, and drain him dry.
sek BAM! The office door flew open.
---- "Mr.
Wallace, I received a report that someone spotted a woman resembling the Duchess at the market fair!" "WHAT?!" Wallace shot up from his desk.
"Call Vittorio immediately! Someone needs to track that woman, but Alonsodiscreetly.
Take only a small group of guards.
Dont tell anyone else." He lowered his voice as the man rushed out, thousands of thoughts racing through his mind.
No one could know that the Duke had left the duchy.
In fact, almost no one even knew about the accident he had suffered.
In his urgency, he didnt even stop to question the absurdity of the Duchess wandering around...
the market? He strode out of his office with purpose, only to come face-to-face with the housekeeper, who was carrying a tray.
"Mr.
Wallace, do you have any news? Dont tell me" "Lower your voice, shhh." He leaned in, his expression tense.
"They found a woman resembling the Duchess at the fair..." "The Duchess? You mean that wicked woman...?" "I dont know.
I dont know.
Im going there immediately to find out.
Stay here and manage the castle," he instructed with a deep frown.
"Yes, yes, go with confidence.
Wallace hurried down the stairs as fast as his age allowed and stepped into the courtyard, where his horse was already prepared.
"Hya!" He snapped the reins, galloping off with a patrol of about ten
###Chapter 613
---- guards.
sek "There, sir.
Our spy followed her to that house on the outskirts, right by the wall," Vittorio, the general of the duchys troops, informed Wallace.
They were partially concealed behind a tall fence, watching the two-story house in front of them.
"Surround it.
Leave no gaps for an escape.
If she had the audacity to sneak back into the duchy, she ll have to answer for where His Lordship is," Wallace growled, his rage barely contained.
Too many things didnt add up, and this deceitful woman would have to explain herself.
Wallace knew that her family had blackmailed His Lordship with something he just didnt know what it was.
They moved in silence, sealing every alley, every exit, every possible hole.
The civilians who saw them simply quickened their paceno one interfered with His Lordships private guard.
Wallace pushed open the small garden gate.
White linens swayed on the clotheslines, carrying the scent of fresh laundry in the breeze.
Everything looked peaceful, normal.
He signaled to the men behind him to get ready.
Lifting his leg, he kicked the old wooden door savagely.
The door creaked open with a crash.
"What?!...
Mr.
Wallace!" ---- The Duchess shot up from her seat, feigning shock.
"Duchess Rossella, you are under suspicion of orchestrating a trap against the Duke! You are hereby arrested by His Lordships guards and will be taken to the Black Dungeons to confess! WHERE IS THE DUKE OF EVERHART?!" he roared, stepping toward her menacingly.
Rossella took a step back, her eyes filled with panic.
"TZ...
[didnt...
no..."" she stammered, but her frightened expression shifted in an instanther lips curling into a taunting smirk.
"The only one getting arrested here is you, you treacherous rat.
Did you really think you had found the perfect scapegoat? Dont you dare pin your filthy deeds on me!" "How dare you?! Arrest this traitor immediately! Guards! GUARDS! ARE YOU ALL DEAF?!" Wallace turned in disbelief and fury, realizing that the men were standing stillnot moving forward.
In fact, they were surrounding him.
"Vittorio, what the hell is going on?!" He glared at the battle-hardened man, his face unreadable yet imposing.
"T only answer to Lord Elliot Everhart Viscount, Duke of Everhart," Vittorio said with open disdain.
Wallace couldnt comprehend the look of disappointment and disapproval in his eyes.
"The Duke isnt here! Cant you see this woman is the prime suspect?!" "Who said the Duke isnt here?" ---- Suddenly, a cold, deep voice made him go rigid.
He turned his gaze back to the Duchess, who now wore a victorious smirk the kind that said: Youre finished.
###Chapter 614
---- 336.
MAGICAL HERITAGE KATHERINE "Tt was about an hour ago.
The Duke carried you in his arms.
Imagine my shockI was scared, thinking you were hurt or something.
What exactly happened?" she questioned me, looking worried.
Wait, first tell me about the child.
Is she okay? Did anything happen to her while I was gone? The butler...?" "No, no.
Lavinia is fine.
Shes practicing with her piano teacher in the library.
Shes been quite well-behavedshes not even asking about that awful governess anymore," Nana reassured me, and I let out a sigh of relief.
I threw off the covers and let my bare feet dangle off the bed.
It seemed Nana had removed my old, ragged clothes because now I was in pajamas.
Well...
where should I start?" I sighed and began telling her about the little adventure the Duke and I had just been through.
"Hmm, the Duke is a tough bone to crack.
You almost had him, but he rejected you at the last moment.
Looks like he favors you a little more, but thats not enough," she said with a disappointed grimace.
She should have seen how I felt about it.
"Also, child...
a woman came by one day.
Very beautiful, burgundy hair, pale white skinshe looked refined, almost like a porcelain doll," she began to recount.
Icould already imagine who it was.
---- "She came asking for the Duke.
What caught my attention was how everyone treated her with such respect.
She practically seemed more like the lady of the castle than you did when you first arrived pretending to be Rossella." "Shes his mistress, isnt she?" "Thats what it seems," Nana said, frowning.
"Katherine, you need to be on guard.
I only saw her for a moment, but you could see the ambition in her eyes." "Nana, just tell me already.
Ive made up my mind.
What is it that you need to show me?" I asked directly.
She paused, then stood up and even walked over to the sitting area to check the door.
All this secrecy was making me nervous.
"Listen carefully, child.
Your witch blood comes from your mother," she said, shaping the words with her mouth as if speaking a forbidden truth.
That was something I had already suspected.
"Your father...
he knew.
He discovered it and used some of her abilities to his advantage.
But when she gave birth, I was there.
I left her alone for just a moment to take you both to another roomyou were born so weak She delved into the past, her eyes clouding over, turning red with the ghosts of her memories.
"When I returned, I found her dead, a pool of blood spreading from between her legs.
I was sure I had controlled the hemorrhaging...
I was sure.
I tried everything, but it was too late,"' she murmured, her hands trembling as she covered her face.
###Chapter 615
---- Ilet her gather herself, waiting for her to get to the real point.
"She no longer trusted your father," Nana finally said, sighing, wiping her tears with a handkerchief.
"He seemed more paranoid and fearful of your mothers power every day.
I believe...
I believe..." "That he was the one who killed her," I finished the obvious conclusion, not even shocked.
He took advantage of her moment of weakness, waited until she was vulnerable, and eliminated the witch who could have been a threat to him.
Typical of my fatheruse someone, then discard them like a rag.
Nana nodded.
It was clear she had loved my mother deeply.
Now I understood why she had been the only one to protect me, the only one who had tried to keep my powers hidden.
"He watched you both as children, always afraid you would manifest something unusual, until he convinced himself that you were like him just elementals." "Well, we both turned out contaminated," I added sarcastically.
"Rossella possibly died poisoned by her own magic, from repressing herself so much just to appear normal." "Tm telling you all of this because I need to give you something," she said, suddenly reaching into the wide sash of her dress.
She glanced at the locked door once more, just to be sure.
Then, she placed a small book in my outstretched handit looked like a ---- journal.
I carefully opened it.
The pages were so old, yellowed, as if they would crumble at any moment.
"Nana, I cant understand what it says.
What is this?" I examined the scribbles, the strange symbols.
"Your mother knew the code to unlock it.
Dont ask me howI dont know.
But inside, there are many useful magical spells.
Look, look at this little noteit has the code.
Memorize it and then destroy it, Kath," she whispered, leaning in, gesturing as we spoke.
It seemed so incredible and dangerous.
I had no idea how Nana had the courage to keep something so incriminating.
"This particular spell," she pointed at a page, "I once helped your mother prepare it.
Its like a powder that induces a deep sleep.
Whoever consumes it will fall into a trance for a whileyou can do whatever you want with them, and when they wake up, they wont remember a thing." We exchanged glances, both well aware of just how useful that powder could be right now.
"Will...
that still work if hes in that state?" I asked, a little embarrassed, but my concern was genuine.
"Well, thats for you to figure out.
Dont expect me to come help you, do you?" she scoffed mockingly, and I couldnt help but let out a slightly nervous laugh.
"Here you go," she said, handing me a small pouch of dark fabric.
###Chapter 616
---- 337.
THE DUKE'S SUSPICIONS KATHERINE "I gathered all the herbs listed here, ground them into powderthat part was easy.
The hard part is enchanting it.
Only a witch can do that by reading this incantation." "Nana, my magic never works when I want it to.
Do you think it show up this time?" This whole plan was giving me a headacheholes everywhere.
"Tf the Duke finds out..." "Your mother always said magic has to be felt with the heart.
Thats something I cant help you with, child.
You ll have to find the way on your own," she said, standing up and patting my hands.
"Memorize everything well and keep that book safeits yours now.
And, Kath, time is running out," she warned me before leaving, her steps soft as she closed the door securely behind her.
I bit my nail, my mind a storm of indecision.
I was playing with firebut Thad no other choice.
Topened the damn witchcraft manual and started studying the words to put the Duke to sleep.
Later, Id come up with something about how I got pregnantmaybe blame it on our accidental friction in the bath.
I didnt know if conceiving would be that easy, but I couldnt just sit idly by while his mistress hovered around.
---- ELLIOT "I want soldiers infiltrated everywherediscreetly investigate the real situation in the border villages.
Reports come directly to me, sealed, no intermediarie: Iwas giving orders to Vittorio and the main squad commanders.
My private army was one of the most powerful in the entire realm.
Thad set up a massive deployment across my duchy.
Every stone, every grain of wheatI was going to know everything.
Thad expanded too much these past years.
Too much land, too much trust in the wrong peoplethese were the consequences.
"Go do your jobs.
And make sure they understandIm evaluating everyones performance and their loyalty.
The slightest suspicion, and Tll cut off heads before asking questions." "Yes, Your Grace!" they all responded in unison, standing firm.
"Dismissedexcept for Vittorio," I ordered, watching the five uniformed men file out.
"Sir, Ihave the dungeon report here.
The interrogation of Mr.
Wallace has already begun," he said, handing me an official document.
"He still insists hes not the spy," he added, and I crushed the paper in my fist, seething.
"Wait for me.
Im coming to the dungeons with you," I said, standing up with determination.
That bastard was telling me what they were plotting at the borders today.
"Have you chosen the man who I assist my contact at the southern
###Chapter 617
---- border?" I asked, because there was no way I was leaving Aldo unprotected.
"Yes, sir.
Two highly capable menthey look like regular field workers, they know the land, they wont raise suspicion, and they re ready to leave as soon as you give the word." "Good.
Ill prepare a signal so my spy can recognize them..." "Sir, theres another matter," he stopped me as I reached for the door.
Iclosed it again, already halfway open.
"Mr.
Rosendo is waiting outside the investigator you requested.
Hes excellent at his job." Iremembered my request.
"Fine, send him in.
Quickly." I walked back and leaned against my desk.
So many things to coordinate.
"Your Grace." Aman dressed in black entered.
He removed his bowler hat and bowed respectfully.
Vittorio stepped out, waiting for me in the hallway.
"lll be brief.
I want you to investigate whether my wife had a twin sister.
If she exists, I want everything about her.
This is highly confidential," I told him in a low voice.
He showed no surprise.
I liked that.
How many dark secrets had he been asked to dig up before? ---- "Whatever you find, you report only to mepersonally.
And know this if anything about the Duchess leaks, your neck will be on the line," I warned through gritted teeth.
"Rest assured, Your Grace.
Im very discreet in my work," he assured me.
"you'd better bebecause your family lives in my duchy.
And believe me, I have no scruples when it comes to betrayal.
Heres payment for your travels.
Ill double it if you find something useful." I walked around my desk, pulled out a pouch filled with gold coins, and tossed it onto the wood.
"Thank you, Your Grace.
You are most generous.
Rest assuredif that person exists or ever existed, I will find out," he said, taking the money and tucking it into his coat.
I dismissed him and stood staring at the door for a moment.
It was impossible for two people to look this identicalunless that damn liar had deceived me about having only one daughter.
That was the most likely answer.
Rossella and this new Duchess were twins.
But then...
where was the real Rossella? And worsewould she return? Iwouldnt allow it.
I did not want her back.
I preferred this new wife.
sek I walked through the dark corridors, my boots echoing against the black stone that gave these dungeons their name.
They were built far from the city center.
---- The soldiers' barracks and common prisons for petty crimes were nearby, but this special tower...
Only the most dangerous criminals ended up here.
The ones who never left alive.
I descended the stairs to the underground level.
The damp air, the stench of blood and fear, hit my nose as I approached one of the farthest cells.
###Chapter 618
---- 338.
I AM INNOCENT ELLIOT "Mercy, please! Mr.
Vittorio...
its...
its the Duke! PLEASE, HAVE MERCY, YOUR GRACE!" One of the prisoners started screaming desperately as we passed, his voice carrying through the small iron-barred window on the heavy steel door.
His cries triggered a chain reactiona chorus of pleading voices.
And yet, down here, there were barely ten prisoners left waiting for death.
"SHUT UP, YOU DAMN DOGS, OR ILL KILL YOU ALL RIGHT NOW!"" Vittorio bellowed, enraged.
The sound of muffled sobs filled the air.
I simply kept walking toward the door at the end of the corridor.
The snap of a whip greeted me the moment Vittorio unlocked and pushed open the door.
I stepped inside, my eyes adjusting instantly to the dim candlelight flickering against the stone walls.
Strapped to a wooden X-shaped frame was the man who had once been my most trusted aide.
His head hung low, his clothes reduced to shreds, barely clinging to his battered body.
Open wounds bled freely across his skin.
Thadnt even seen his back yet, but I knew it had to be worse.
Iraised my hand, and the executioner immediately stopped lashing him.
Wallace groaned in agony.
His unfocused eyes landed on me, and suddenly, it was as if he had come back to life.
---- "y-Your Grace...
I...
I didnt...
betray you..." "Leave us," I ordered.
Vittorio and the executioner exited, and I felt them standing guard outside.
I stepped closer to the prisoner.
"You were the only one who knew about the inspection.
The only one who knew the Duchess had discovered the grain hiding spots.
And wasnt it you who personally handled my carriage?" I asked, my voice razor- sharp with barely restrained fury.
"TI...
yes...
[supervised the carriage...
but I didnt say anything, I" "So you knew about the secret hatch underneath?! SPEAK, DAMN IT!" My patience snapped.
I grabbed him by the throat, squeezing so hard he started choking.
My own breath came ragged.
My jaw clenched, my muscles strainedI was holding myself back from ending him right here.
Still, he denied it, feigning confusion.
"You know whats worse? If I hadnt lived through itif I hadnt been seconds from deathI might have still believed your innocent face and fake tears." Images flashed through my mindher, bleeding out in my arms.
Both of us plummeting down the cliff.
The cold, relentless grasp of death clawing at us in the river.
"TZ...
[didnt...
kn-know...
about...
the carriage..." he choked out, his eyes bulging in terror, tears streaking down his bloodied face.
###Chapter 619
---- He thrashed, trying to break free from my iron grip, but I only tightened it further.
What is Duke Thesio planning? Whatever he paid you, Ill double it if you talk.
Tell me, Wallace, TELL ME!" But no matter how I threatened himno matter how close I came to strangling himhe kept pleading innocence.
"Bring the executioner back!" I roared, shoving him away in disgust, watching him cough and gag on his own spit and snot.
"Your Grace..." "Rip the skin from his back! If he passes out, throw ice on him.
No water, no food, until he gives me something useful.
Vittorio, send for his daughter in the western province!" "NO! Cough, cough, cough! My daughter...
Ell...
Elliot, no...
I didnt...
it wasnt me..." "Dont you dare say my name." Iturned, ready to leave this suffocating place.
My enraged eyes locked onto his desperate, agonized ones.
"You didnt care about my life when you betrayed me like thisor the life of the Duchess.
So what makes you think Ill give a damn about your loved ones?!" "Give him twenty more lashesmaybe then his memory will clear up!" Istormed out, deaf to his pathetic sobs and lies.
Mounting my horse, I rode back to the castle, leaving Vittorio in charge of the interrogation and doubling the guard within the walls.
---- I wasnt taking any more chances.
But that night...
That night, I received the biggest surprise of allone twisted, thrilling, and dangerous.
sek "Your Grace, the Duchess requested her dinner in her chambers.
Should I inform her she must come down?" the housekeeper asked as I took my seat in the dining hall.
"No.
Do as she requested.
Serve only me," I replied, unfolding my napkin over my lap.
She must be tired.
"Mrs.
Prescott, have the castles account ledger ready and prepare to hand over its management to the Duchess.
Its time she takes control of the household, as she should have from the beginning," I ordered, the thought suddenly striking me.
Instead of pushing her awaynow that she had even handed me the one piece of leverage she could have used against meall I wanted was to pull her deeper into my world.
What is it?" I lifted my head at her silence, noticing her hesitation.
" Speak your mind." "Sir, its just that...
the Duchess has never shown any interest in managing the estate.
She...
doesnt even know the basics.
I fear she might make a fool of herselfthere are important protocol "Thats why I hired you," I cut her excuses short.
---- "You will teach herwith all the patience in the world.
Every task you handle must become the Duchesss responsibility.
You have one month to train her.
Anything else?" "N-no...no, Your Grace," she replied hesitantly, lowering her head.
"Then serve the meal." I studied her for a moment.
People grew too comfortable with power far too easily.
Mrs.
Prescott had been managing the estate for many yearstoo many, in my opinion.
And look what happened when I entrusted too much power to the butler.
I never trusted Rossella enough to make her the Lady of the Duchy.
But this Rossellathis new RossellaI wanted to give her everything.
Maybe I was rushing.
Maybe it was simply the longing to finally have a woman by my side...
Someone who would support me.
Someone who would help me bear the weight of it all.
###Chapter 620
---- 339.
A CHANCE TO LOVE KATHERINE I took a long, hot bath after nearly frying my brain trying to memorize that strange spell.
I repeated the words over and over in my mind.
They felt odd, yet at the same time, they awakened something deep and alive in my chest.
I feared it and, at the same time, craved it.
When I stepped out of the bathroom, I was surprised to find two maids waiting for me with a change of clothes.
What are you doing here?" I asked, tightening my robe and swiftly but discreetly walking toward the vanity.
"Mrs.
Prescott sent us to assist you with all your needs, Your Ladyship," one of them replied with an outwardly respectful tone behind me.
My fingers went to the round wooden knob, and I pulled the small drawer of the vanity outward, making sure it was still locked.
Cold sweat ran down my back at the mere thought of someone discovering the little notebook I had hidden there for a moment.
Ineeded to be more careful.
"T dont want attendants.
You may leave and never enter my room again without knocking." "But" "No buts," I turned to face them.
Iwouldnt give them another chance to step all over me.
"Do you not understand my language? Tell Mrs.
Prescott that if I want ---- attendants, I will choose them myself.
Now get out of my chamber." They bowed their heads in acknowledgment.
Still, I caught the glint of anger in their eyes.
Ineed to gain the Dukes trust to have some control over the servants because I feel like Im living in a nest of vipers.
After dressing, I walked around with the notebook in hand, looking for a better hiding spot.
An idea came to mebehind the massive wardrobe.
Icrouched in the corner and slipped my small hand into the narrow space between the back of the wardrobe and the wall.
It was a good spot.
No one would have any reason to find it, nor would they move this heavy piece of furniture, not even for cleaning.
Dusting off my hands, I felt more at ease.
Ichecked carefully inside my inner pocket, where I kept the little pouch Nana had prepared.
I had to enchant that thinglets see how it goes.
But for now, I was going to visit my beloved torment, the most important person of all.
sek I pushed open the door, which let out a soft creak.
Nana had told me that Lavinia had just washed and was getting ready for bed.
I found her in front of the enormous gold-framed mirror, sitting on the stool by her vanity.
As always, being near her made me nervous, expecting the worst, feeling guilty deep down despite being another victim of fate.
###Chapter 621
---- I walked over and stood behind her, watching as she clumsily tried to gather her hair.
What are you doing here? I thought youd leave for good this time.
Why did you come back?" Her eyes, filled with grievances, met mine through the reflection.
"T told you Id never leave you.
I just went on a trip with your father," I said, taking a long breath.
Of course, Lavinia doesnt know she isnt the Dukes real daughter.
"Let me do it.
Youre tangling your hair," I reached out, and without giving her a chance to protest, I grabbed the brush from the vanity and some strands of her long hair.
I started brushing gently, almost afraid it would break in my hands.
My fingers trembled as they moved through the silky strands.
"That bossy woman you left behind at least knew how to do it better than you," she huffed, looking away.
"Well, Ill come practice every night.
Ill brush your hair until youre a little old lady," I replied calmly, though a lump tightened in my throat.
For a second, her innocent eyes met mine through the mirror.
Isaw so much within her...
no matter how much she tried to act indifferent to protect herself, she was just a child starved for her parents love.
"Liar.
Like always, youll break your promise," she muttered, lowering her head.
"IT wont, my daughter," I could no longer hold back, leaning down to embrace her from behind, pressing her little head against mine.
---- Tears burned at the edge of my eyes.
My chest ached so much.
"My girl, your mama loves you.
Im not lying, sweetheart.
I just...
[was a little sick in my mind, but I got better in the countryside, and now Im fine.
Im ready to be your mama, my love.
Ill take care of you always, Lavinia." Icrouched down to her level.
I cupped her tear-streaked cheeks, feeling the trembling of her lower lip as she tried, unsuccessfully, to hold back her sobs.
All the resentment she harbored toward Rossella was just a mask for her real fearbeing abandoned forever.
"You...
if you lie to me again...
hic...
if you do, l hate you so much...
I wont forgive you again..." she sobbed, clinging to me.
She couldnt even finish before bursting into heart-wrenching cries.
My hands clutched her small, trembling body.
I shut my eyes, shedding my own bitter yet joyful tears.
You ll never regret accepting me, Lavinia.
I will create a safe place for both of usI swear it, my daughter.
With that conviction in my heart, I felt something unravel within me.
Knots that had bound my soul loosened, and something flowed through my veins as I made peace with the most important person in my life.
ook Ilooked at her now, lying in bed, fast asleep.
She even let me read her a story.
Smiling, I gently stroked her dark hair.
---- Iwas so happy.
She was still distant, wary, unwilling to trust mebut step by step, I would win her over completely.
I stood up and turned off the light.
Walking toward her vanity, I sat on the stool and pulled out the small pouch hidden in my pocket.
###Chapter 622
---- 340.
A SEDUCTIVE WITCH IN MY CASTLE KATHERINE I squeeze it in my hand, feeling a tingling sensation, my mind sharper; the words pour out like an uncontrollable river.
Iclose my eyes and focus on them.
In the darkness of my mind, a small spark ignites, rare golden flashes.
I try to take control of them.
They're moving! They dance in my consciousness like playful children made of light.
Acrazy idea crosses my mindI try to guide that primordial magic, letting it flow from my neck to my heart and then through the veins stretching down my right arm to my hand, where I clutch the powders.
I'm doing it! Sweat beads on my forehead, my breathing turns heavy; it's harder than I imagined, but I persevere...
"Zyrelin talyra anithor...
Zyrelin talyra anithor..." I repeat the incantation in my mind over and over.
Iclench my teeth, my vision blurs, a wave of dizziness crashes into my senses, and my temples throb...
Damn it! Come on, work, work! "Zyrelin talyra anithor...
Zyrelin talyra anithor...
anithor, anithor!" Ah, sshhh! I let out a muffled cry, quickly stifling it, afraid of waking Lavinia.
My eyes darted to the bed; she seemed to be asleep.
---- Then I looked at my hand, where the dark fabric glowed with a red light, burning my palm for a second before slowly fading.
Sweat poured down my body, my dress clinging to my skin, drenched.
Shaky breaths escaped my lips.
Ipressed my free hand to my head, closing my eyes for a moment to calm the dizziness.
Just a small spell, and it felt like the veins in my head were going to burst, my heart pounding like a stampede of wild horses.
Finally, I focused on the small pouch, which had returned to normal.
Curious, I opened it.
In truth, my palm only itched slightly.
I slipped two fingers inside and pulled out a sample of the powderonce black, now a reddish hue, radiating warmth.
At my touch, it gave off a sense of calm and peace.
"Goddess of the supernatural, I hope this truly worked...
and there's only one way to find out." Imurmured to myself, rising to steal one last glance at my daughtermy greatest motivation for this madness.
sek That dawn, I took another scented bath, just in case.
I dressed in a heavy robe, but beneath it, my body was bare and ready to consummate my matriage.
I walked through the dim corridors in silence, careful not to run into any night watch servants.
---- Reaching the Dukes quarters, I peeked under the door.
No light.
My cold hand gripped the doorknob.
I had a clumsy excuse ready in case he caught me.
Who knew? Maybe I wouldnt even need to use the spell.
Still, I stepped through the antechamber, which looked more like a small library.
Imoved almost blindlyI had never been inside this chamber before.
The Duke slept with his doors open.
Good, because that way, I saw him: his massive silhouette sprawled across the bed, his steady breathing filling the silence.
The carpet muffled my bare footsteps, keeping me from being discovered.
Tadvanced, guided only by the slivers of moonlight filtering through the glass panes and the heavy, partially drawn curtains.
Nervousdamn itI stood beside his bed, like some haunting specter, staring at him, waiting for those icy eyes to snap open and scare me to death.
"Duke" I leaned in, nearly pressing against his handsome face, and whispered "Duquesito? Are you asleep?" His chest rose and fell steadilyhe didnt seem to notice.
He must be exhausted.
Nana told me that ever since he arrived today, people had been coming in and out of his office non-stop.
I pulled out the bag, keeping my eyes locked on him.
Slipping my fingers inside, I grabbed a generous pinch and, without hesitation, blewit all into the Dukes face...
maybe just a little more, right?
###Chapter 623
---- I did it again, just hoping I wouldnt overdo it and leave him half brain- dead.
Or worse...
oh shit, what if the Dukes mast doesnt rise? I quickly whispered the reinforcement incantation, tucking the pouch into my coats inner pocket.
No time to wasteI had less than an hour.
I called his name to be sure, even took the risk of shaking him a little on the bed...
nothing.
No reaction.
"Okay, you re stiffer than a damn board," I muttered, nodding in agreement with myself.
"But I need your soldier to stand at attention too.
You better cooperate today, grumpy Duchess." Talking to him was just my way of handling nerves.
Islipped off my clothes, letting them drop onto the carpet until I was completely bare, then uncovered him as well.
His entire torso was exposedstrong, defined muscles, a mouthwatering abdomen disappearing under those loose sleep pants.
I grabbed the silk ties and started undoing them, leaning in, pressing my nose to his chest and neck, breathing him in.
"Mmm, you smell so good," I moaned, savoring the masculine, spicy scent.
Elliots cologne sent heat rushing through my blood.
Getting way too excited, I climbed on top of his body, boldly pressing my open sex against his chest, letting out a low moan as I settled onto him.
I turned to look at him through the dim light.
Truth be told, his face was swallowed in darkness, but he still seemed lost in the world of dreams.
Looked like everything had gone smoothly.
---- After all, Elliot was just an elementalhe had no resistance to magic.
I leaned forward, hissing with lust at the friction against my clit, my pussy growing wetter against his skin, my mouth watering as I pulled down Elliots pajama pants and watched that thick shaft spring free.
"Looks like you're wide awake.
Let me give you one last little help," I whispered mischievously, purring like a cat in heat, wrapping my fingers around his throbbing cock, inhaling deeply at the tiny slit, my depravity and desire intensifying.
I wanted this man.
I liked him physicallywhy deny it? My wicked tongue flicked out to taste the clear liquid already seeping between my fingers.
I licked the entire length, from the base, teasing his heavy balls, all the way up to the rounded tip.
I felt him grow harder under my teasing, pulsing with pleasure.
Oh, I was going to enjoy thisfinally having this sinful delight fucking me at last.
"Tonight, Im not taking no for an answer..." I parted my lips and sucked on the swollen tip, moaning with arousal as my hips rolled erotically, rubbing my wet pussy against my fake husband's hard chest.
sek ELLIOT Inoticed her the moment she sneaked into my room in the middle of the night.
What the hell was she doing here at this hour? ---- I decided to wait, pretend to be asleep, and see what my dear Duchess was up to.
###Chapter 624
---- 341.
BEWITCHING A DUKE ELLIOT Iclenched my teeth, trying to steady my breathing.
Damn it, I didnt know if I could resist this temptationher hot mouth sucking me, licking me, giving me such a delicious blowjob that I was right at the edge.
I fought against the wild urge to thrust my hips up and fuck her throat.
Her shameless, wet pussy rocked over my chest, soaking the short hairs.
My nose...
fuck, my sensitive nose inhaled the intense scent of her lust, her desire, listening to the erotic sounds of her mouth sucking my hard, trembling cock, her muffled moans.
This woman was sweet torture, and it was taking half my life to hold back, but at the same time, this dark and lascivious game was driving me insane.
How far did she plan to take this? I didnt even stop to analyze the incredible discovery I had just made, and precisely because of that, I pretended.
I want to uncover all her secrets now that she thinks she has me in her hands.
I subtly clenched my fists against the sheets.
The growls threatened to escape my chest.
Goddess, this feels so damn good! If she keeps sucking me like this, Im going to come between her lips, and I dont want that.
I want her to take it all the way.
---- That thing, that breath she blew on me that startled me at first, didnt put me to sleep, but it did control the beast inside me.
That...
magic...
subdued my transformation instinct, my savagery, the fear of hurting her.
?Mmmnnnn, baby, softer...
gggrr...? Topened my eyes slightly.
Fuck, I shouldve kept them shut.
Her ass was right there, almost in front of my pupils, which contracted wolfishly.
Her waist swayed.
I watched her through the play of light and shadow.
"Mmmm, Elliot, you taste so good...
mmmm...
no, you cant come in my mouth, lets not waste something this good..." she suddenly moaned.
She was killing me, the wicked little thing.
Telling me not to come, yet sucking me like a drunk clinging to a beer barrel.
The muscles in my jaw tightened.
I could feel her fingers caressing my balls.
?Mmm, yeah, baby, theyre full and ready to empty in that place Im dying to fuck.
Come on, Little Duchess...
sshhh, come on, baby...? I begged in my mind.
I traced the soft curve of her back straightening, so sexy, so feminine.
My hands itched to grab her, throw her onto the bed, and fuck her senseless.
But instead, I let her use me however she wanted, let her enchant me every night, draining me of everything.
Iclosed my eyes again.
I sharpened my hearing; she moved over my
###Chapter 625
---- tense, sweaty body until she straddled my hips.
I felt her fumble, adjusting herself, and then, when she sat down...
?Sshhhh...
Aaahhh, fuck, yes...
right there...
mmm, your little pussy is so hot...? Iwanted to move.
For all the damn heavens, I could barely hold back my deep, husky groans, my animalistic growls, drowned out by the filthy moans escaping her mouth.
I pictured her now, grinding on my cock, back and forth.
Her wet, swollen lips were massaging me up and down.
Pre-cum dripped down my abdomen, my balls ached with need.
My glans dangerously brushed against the tiny entrance I was dying to fuck like a savage.
?No more...
love, no more...
either put it in or I wont be able to stop...
Mmmmm...? "Elliot, its time to consummate our marriage, my dear husband..." ?...Yes, yes, my Duchess, I want to consummate, I want to...
Gggrrr...
Sshhh, aaahh, so tight! More...
deeper, baby, take it deeper...? Imoaned like amadman in my mind.
Something inside my chest roared excited, ecstatic, possessive.
Ibarely held back from impaling her to the hilt when she finally grabbed my cock and guided it into her pussy, sitting down on my hardness.
"Aaabhh, so thick!...
Mmmm, you're stretching me completely...
sshhh, what a delight, husband.
I love your cock...
mmmm..."" ---- And I love your pussy, my beautiful wife.
How could I deny it when I was holding back like a damn martyr, just to let her have fun with my body? Drowned in the darkness, I cracked my eyes open slightly.
I felt like Id break my teeth from clenching so hard, just to stop myself from growling in pure lust.
My fists gripped the sheets, taking advantage of the darkness and the fact that she was lost in her own pleasure.
Little by little, inch by inch, I sank in completely, my cock buried in that tight, slippery sheath, squeezing me deliciously from all sides, driving me insane.
She sat fully and began to ride me seductively.
Her pussy slid up and down, her hips rocking.
Her tender clit rubbed against my pelvis with every motion, stimulating her, driving her wild.
Her small hands pressed against my rigid pecs, leaning over me, changing the angle of my cock inside her.
She lost her mind, impaling herself right on that spot that made her shudder, and I memorized it.
She closed her eyes, her sinful mouth never stopping, moaning, calling my name with that sultry, enchanting voice that had cast the worst spell of all on meI couldnt stop watching her, desiring her, as my lust grew and grew.
My breath came out heavy, ragged.
My chest rose and fell faster.
Her ass bounced against my thighs.
She impaled herself again and again, riding me harder, deepening every ---- thrust, rolling her hips vigorously over my cock.
My beastly pupils locked onto those big, delicious tits, bouncing right within my reach.
I swallowed hard, aching to suck them, to give her at least a fraction of the pleasure she was giving me.
"Elliot, Icant take it anymore...
Aaahhh, come for me, my Duke, fill me with your seed...
mmmmm, come on...
yes, yes, baby, give me a baby, husband.
Come inside your wife, do it...
aaahhh...!" She sat up, grabbing her breasts, squeezing them, pinching her nipples desperately.
She went wild, begging for my cum, rolling her hips in circles, stimulating my cock beyond extreme pleasure.
I could barely hold back, barely resist her assault...
my toes curled...
? Wife, I want to give it to you, damn it, Ive never been this desperate to comejust waiting for you...
gggrrr, fuck, come already!?
###Chapter 626
---- 342.
I WANT YOU IN MY FUTURE ELLIOT The hoarse scream that escaped from her slightly parted red lips, her lashes fluttering as she tilted her head back in pure ecstasy.
The liquid spilling, drenching my cock, and the tight, hot, delicious massage around my shaft made it clearmy Duchess had reached her peak.
I didnt take long to follow her.
Nmmm...
I shut my eyes, furrowing my brows.
Amuffled moan slipped from my throat; I barely managed to suppress it as my balls tightened violently, releasing thickly inside my womans depths.
Mine.
Because she had given herself to me.
Because I wasnt going to let her go.
Because this female satisfied me and filled my soul in a way I had never experienced before.
Something warm spilled from inside her, at the very point where our bodies were joined, soothing my inner beast, taming my murderous instincts, leaving only deep, consuming feelings toward her.
The need to keep her by my sideforever.
To dominate her and, at the same time, give her everything.
Theard her gasping; we were both drenched in sweat.
My entire body was tense, muscles locked from holding back so much, but it was a pleasant, bearable strain.
My cum kept spurting out, relentless, driven by the force of my orgasm.
---- Something thick pushed at the base of my cock.
I didnt know what it was.
Ithurta little, but I endured it.
I didnt want anything weird happening that might scare her.
"Ssshhh, so good, more, give me more, my man...
mmm, give me a baby...
" she milked every last drop from me.
She had said multiple times that she wanted a baby.
Iunderstood perfectlyshe must have felt insecure about her position and Lavinias without a legitimate male heir.
?Mmm...
yes, Ill give it to you...
youll never leave my domain? I hissed inwardly as the tip of my cock nestled deep inside her.
The thought of a child had once seemed like an abomination to mewith the real Rossella, at least.
But with her...
the image drove me insane.
Yes, baby, I want it.
I want it allwith you.
"Elliot, I adore you..." she confessed in a low, honeyed, intoxicating voice.
She leaned in, peppering soft kisses over my chest and neck, warming my soul.
I didnt know when or how, but in sucha short time, I felt like I was falling hard for this mysterious woman.
I wasnt even angry about her tricks and deceptions.
I only wanted to keep her with me.
?I adore you too, my enchantress.
Ill keep your dark secret, Im not afraid.
You re just like me, and that only makes me feel closer to you ? I want to know you completely, to learn everything about your life, to ---- trust you enough to reveal my dangerous secretto have you accept me and to truly, completely, be husband and wife."* ook KATHERINE For all the heavens, that was so good.
Inside me, the Dukes cock was beginning to soften.
I could swear that during his release, it had thickened even morelike a beast in heat...
I dont know...
Thad never felt so full, so utterly satisfied.
I lifted myself slightly, watching as he slipped out of me.
His thick seed trickled down, sliding along the inside of my thighs.
Iturmed my gaze to his face.
I couldnt see much in the darkness.
I couldve sworn I heard him moan, but obviously, the man wasnt dead.
Given the stimulation, I suppose it was only natural.
Isat up completely and climbed off the bed, a little unsteady, pressing my thighs together to give my body a better chance at getting pregnant.
Iwas probably being overly optimistic, thinking it would only take once.
Though, looking at the mess I had made all over the Duke, still feeling the aftershocks of my orgasm rippling through me, and staring at that now semi-hard shaft...
I wouldnt mind trying again.
And again.
And again...
Would it be smart to do it one more time right now? I mean, just to be sure...
No, no, no, Katherine, stop being such a pervert.
For the heavens sake,
###Chapter 627
---- you literally enchanted a man just to have your way with him.
Isighed, grabbing my robe from where I had dropped it on the rug.
I pulled the handkerchief from my pocketthe one I had prepared in advance.
Barely half an hour had passed, but I needed to hurry.
As I wiped Elliots abdomen, cleaning up the dripping semen and my own juices, that damn thing started to rise again.
I tried not to look.
I wasnt looking...
oh, for the Goddess, but it felt like it was winking at me.
I swallowed, unsatisfied.
Once wasnt enough for something this good...
Damn it, Katherine, get a grip, woman," I muttered under my breath, scolding myself for being so shameless.
It had been so long since a man actually appealed to me, since I had wanted to do it for pleasure rather than necessity.
And honestly, with Elliot, it had felt like never beforetoo intense.
And I would have liked it even more if he had been fully conscious, if he had been the one to dominate me, to impale me with that massive shaft and Ineed to get out of here.
I cleaned him mechanically, fast, in agony.
I struggled a bit to pull up his pajama pantsthey had gotten stuck around his muscular thighsbut I managed and covered him with the blanket.
Ileaned over his chest, my lips brushing against his in a soft kiss, laden with desire.
"lm sorry for using you like this, Elliot.
I..." I had so many things I wanted to say, but time was running out, and I had already pushed my luck with these magic powders.
---- Isighed, pulling away from him and tightening the robe around me before slipping out the way I had come.
With a confused heart...
but a very satisfied pussy.
sek ELLIOT Topened my eyes in the darkness as I heard the door close.
I sat up in bed, taking a deep breath, inhaling the lingering scent of our sexthe intoxicating aroma of perfumed lavender and raw lust.
"So your name is Katherine, my dear Duchess.
Katherine Everhart.
Sounds just right." Imurmured to myself, pleased, already thinking about all the plans I needed to make to keep her and the child safe from the threats looming over my Duchy.
But I also frowned, considering another pressing matterI needed to end things with my lover, once and for all.
I wouldnt betray Katherine with her.
But Brenda knew my secret.
She was of my kindI had found out by accident when she went into that uncontrollable heat phase, much like an animal in estrus.
Thad helped her relieve herself when she couldnt control it.
She had thought I would kill her for what I had discovered, but instead, I had simply seen an opportunityto be with someone who wouldnt expose me, even if my wolf traits surfaced during sex.
Since then, we had helped each other through those periods of intense lust, though, honestly, I had never truly felt satisfied.
---- We had simply covered for each other.
A convenience.
I didnt love her, not even close.
It was just sex.
And now, I needed to handle this breakup intelligently.
I wasnt about to let a single misstep ruin what I had just claimed as mine.
###Chapter 628
---- 343.
MY PACK KATHERINE I stretched lazily in bed.
My thighs protested a little, and my still-drowsy mind recalled the reason for the discomfort.
Icould still feel the delicious tingling from those vigorous thrusts.
Of course, my legs achedI had ridden the Duke like a cowgirl ona mechanical bull, and what a bull I had gotten.
Ismiled a little, staring at the ceiling above me.
Ireally was shameless.
Still, [had to make sure I had the opportunity to seduce Elliot properly because he wasnt a fool.
And if I ended up pregnant "out of thin air," he might think I had cheated on him with someone else.
When I sat up on the mattress, I suddenly felt a sharp pang in my chest.
Iplaced my hand over my heart, which was pounding furiously.
Something had changed.
I felt stronger, somehow...
more powerful...
I dont know...
It was the sensation of that magical energy coursing through my veins.
Was this because I had cast my first spell? That had to be it...
or maybe it was because I had made love to Elliot? Iwasnt sure, and I didnt dwell on it.
Thad to be careful with the risks, or Id lose my mind if something went wrong.
---- I walked to the bathroom to freshen up, ready to start my dayhoping that every time I looked at the little Duke, I wouldnt remember the adorable face of his cock.
ook ELLIOT Thad been reviewing some documents in my office since early morning.
I flipped through the pages, one after another.
Yet, I couldnt focus ona single word.
Damn it, I muttered, lowering the document and pinching the bridge of my nose in frustration.
Tt was just a fuck, for God's sake.
Yes, an insanely good one, but you couldnt even move, man.
What, are you a masochist now? I grumbled in annoyance, about to attempt reading the reports again when a soft knock on the door interrupted me.
Come in, I called out.
Talready knew who it was by the scent, and honestly, I was a little surprised.
Good morning, Father Duke, little Lavinia walked in slowly, hesitantly, offering a formal curtsy before standing in front of my desk.
Lavinia, what brings you to my office so early? I asked, puzzled.
To be honest, I had never felt any real attachment to the girlwho, in front of everyone, was considered my legitimate daughter.
Thad acknowledged her because of her grandfathers blackmail, but I never wanted her.
---- My hatred for that family had completely tainted our relationship.
J...
[came to give you this, Your Lordship.
Mrs.
Prescott left it in my room.
It needs your approval and signature, she said in a near whisper, avoiding my gaze as her tiny hand extended a sealed letter.
Inoticed her fingers trembling slightly.
Iknew she had always been afraid of me, despite the fact that I had never done anything to herneither good nor bad.
Our relationship was practically nonexistent.
Isimply ensured she lacked for nothing material, and that was it.
I tore open the envelope with a letter opener.
Noticed the seal of the Academy for Young Ladies and read the admission letter.
It was a highly prestigious academy, located in neutral territory between Duchies.
Noble girls were trained therebut they had to live there permanently.
I had heard that they entered as little girls and left as women ready for matriage.
They only returned home for specific events.
I studied her intently.
This was Rossellas decision.
I still wasnt sure who this child really belonged to, but now that I was paying attention...
her scent resembled Katherines far more than Rossellas.
And judging by the way Katherine treated her, I was beginning to believe Lavinia was actually her real daughter.
Do you want to go to this academy, Lavinia? I asked, watching as her body tensed.
###Chapter 629
---- She didnt answer immediatelyshe hesitated, eyes fixed on the carpet.
Isighed and stood, walking toward her.
Answer me honestly.
Do you want to go to this academy? J...
[have to be a good lady so I dont embarrass Father Duke...
I will go ? Thats not what I asked you, Lavinia, I interrupted, crouching down to her level.
I gently lifted her chin with my finger, forcing her to meet my gaze those red eyes filled with rejection at the idea.
It was obvious she didnt want to go and be locked away in that noblewomans prison.
Tell me the truth.
What do you want? Go on, dont be afraid.
Your father wants to hear you, I spoke to her with warmth for the first time.
It felt strange, but I knew how important this girl was to Katherine.
Tunderstood nowLavinia had been nothing more than an innocent victim of all the dark dealings of the adults around her.
No...
no, Papa...
I dont want to leave home...
her little mouth trembled, struggling to hold back her sobs.
ll study really hard at home, but dont send me to that school, I dont want to go, Papa, I dont want to! She suddenly threw her arms around my neck, hugging me tightly.
She started crying against my shirt.
I remained a bit stiff, unsure how to reactI had never interacted much with children.
In the end, I awkwardly patted her back and assured her she wouldnt ---- have to go to that school, that she could stay home happily.
I would hire the best tutors for her.
Lavinias scent was soft, childlike, but also floral.
However, mixed within it, I discovered another fragrance a hint of lavender that I had overlooked, buried beneath the emotions of this dramatic scene.
I lifted my gaze and turned my head, catching sight of her watching us from the gap in the door that Lavinia had left half-open.
Thad no idea how long she had been there, but our eyes met across the distance.
Her brown eyes were wet, brimming with emotion, a storm of complex feelings swirling in their depths.
She pushed the door open and stepped into the office.
Her cheeks flushed pink.
She looked embarrassedI wasnt sure if it was because she had been caught watching or because of all the sinful, forbidden things she had done to me last night.
"Mama!" Lavinia lifted her tear-streaked face upon seeing her, but she didnt let go of me.
In the end, I picked her up and carried her over to where Katherine stood.
"Daughter, I was looking for you.
So, you came to visit your father," she said softly, stroking the girls hair.
Lavinia smileda real smile, one I had never seen on her before.
She always seemed moody and withdrawn, but now, she looked radiant.
"Mama, Father Duke said I dont have to go to that school.
You...
you approve, right?" she asked hesitantly.
"Of course.
Mama only thought before that it was the best choice, but I ---- was wrongvery wrong." Katherine frowned slightly, stealing a quick glance at me.
"My parents are the best!" Lavinia suddenly squealed with joy, slipping her little arm around Katherines neck and pulling her toward us.
She stumbled forward, landing against my chest, the three of us pressed together like a real family.
Lavinia hugged us both, rambling about how happy she was, while those warm brown eyes stared up at my icy blue ones, which devoured her intensely from above.
My free hand slid down to her waist, pulling her even closer against me as if we were truly a husband and wife holding their child.
Katherine avoided my gaze, speaking softly to Lavinia, but she didnt pull away from my hold.
Then, out of nowhere, a subtle touch ghosted over my chest where she was leaning against meher fingers lazily tracing circles over my shirt.
Her lavender scent filled my nose, drifting from her chestnut hair.
Something warm stirred in my heartthat possessive instinct of...
pack.
My pack.
And I would protect them at all costs.
###Chapter 630
---- 344.
PREPARING FOR BATTLE ELLIOT They left a moment later.
There is no doubt in my mind that Lavinia is Katherines daughter.
Rossella never treated her that way; in fact, she seemed to hate the little girl.
"Katherine," I murmured under my breath, savoring her name.
I longed to call her that openly.
Ineed to find the right moment, but first...
Knock, knock, knock.
The sound of knocking pulls me from my thoughts.
"Come in," I say as I move around my desk, hearing Vittorio step inside just as I take my seat.
"Your Lordship, Ive brought the morning reports," he says, handing me the documents.
Sometimes I still struggle to believe Wallace betrayed me.
"He hasnt confessed anything yet?" I ask, my face twisting with anger.
"No, sir.
No matter the torture, he still insists he didnt do it.
His daughter...
Ive already sent for her to be brought to the capital," he explains, but my eyes remain fixed on the report about the south.
"So my spy has contacted the support? Everything went as planned?" He confirms that it did.
I nod, satisfied, knowing Aldo has started receiving backup.
---- "Sir, as stated in the report, your spy has informed us that a large shipment is expected soon.
He was instructed to head to the other Duchy.
He requests a way to get Duke Thesio away, as he plans to infiltrate as close as possible..." "Its too risky," I respond, my mind racing as I begin strategizing.
Imust give Aldo and my men an opportunity, but how do I lure that fool Thesio away from his lands? An idea takes shape in my mind.
"With all due respect, sir...
him...
1 mean, Im not sure, but Ive heard that Thesio is...
is...
"Spit it out, Vittorio!" "Well, sir, its rumored that hes infatuated with Zafiro," he says, lowering his head immediately.
Tunderstand why he hesitates so much.
Zafiro is the stage name of one of the most glamorous and sophisticated singers in the realm.
Beautiful and delicate, yet complicated because she belongs to the nobility.
Zafiro is none other than Brenda, my former lover.
"Prepare a messenger to deliver a personal letter," I instruct him while grabbing paper and a quill.
Iwas already thinking about her.
Thesio is obsessed with my ex-lover, which is another reason he despises me.
I dont allow him into my lands to visit her either.
But I know he has tried in secret, attempting to lure her to his Duchy.
---- Brenda has told me so, but she refuses, especially fearing exposure as a she-wolf.
Ijot down simple instructions on the paper.
The basics: "I need you to arrange an appearance at a high-society gathering.
Make sure Duke Thesio hears about it and attends.
Ill be there as well.
Host it somewhere near my Duchy." Iseal the letter and instruct Vittorio that it is confidential.
Once he leaves my office, another matter weighs on my mind.
What should I do about my Duchess? Should I take her with me or not? If I leave her behind and she finds out, she might misinterpret my actions.
But if I bring her along, Ill have to deal with the fact that I still havent informed Brenda about the dissolution of our arrangement.
sek KATHERINE "Tell me, how did it go?" Nana asks in a whisper as we sit in one of the castles many lounges.
She knits near the fireplace while I watch my daughter and the etiquette instructor on the other side of the room.
"Well, at least it worked...
I mean, both things: the powder and the Duke thing..." I say, grimacing in embarrassment.
Her wrinkled face twists into a teasing smile, clearly amused by my predicament.
"And besides, Nana, today he was kind to Lavinia when she asked him
###Chapter 631
---- about that school," I add, recalling the moment he actually behaved like areal father.
Mmm, my dear Duke is earning himself an even more eager devouring in our next encounter.
"Well, little by little, youre molding him, but..." She suddenly goes quiet and subtly signals with her eyes.
Iunderstand immediately that we need to change the subject.
The sound of approaching heels confirms it.
"My Lady, I need to discuss the household staff.
Have you had any issues with the maids I assigned to you?" I turn to face the housekeeper, who stands before me.
"No, none at all.
I simply dont want a ladys maid," I reply calmly, picking up the fine porcelain cup beside me and taking a slow sip of coffee.
"Do you have someone else in mind? I cai "Mrs.
Prescott, I appreciate your concern, but if I require assistance, Ill inform you.
I never had one before, and no one seemed to care then," I say, recalling how things were when I first arrived at this house.
"Your Ladyship, its not..." "Tm not asking for an explanation, Mrs.
Prescott.
Was there anything else?" I cut off her string of justifications, setting the saucer on my lap.
Its obviousshe was the first to scorn Rossella.
"Well..." she mutters reluctantly.
---- Despite the elegance she tries to project, its clear how much it unsettles her to bow her head before me.
I feel like the servant, and she the Duchess.
"His Lordship has also instructed me to begin teaching you about the castles management, administration, and accounting books," she informs me, and that actually surprises me.
I glance subtly at Nana, who meets my gaze for a second.
Wow, and he doesnt even know about the exquisite ride I gave him last nightotherwise, hed be making me queen of the entire realm.
"Very well, that sounds good to me." "Its...
it?s quite a complex administration.
If you wish, I can continue handling it in your name..." "No, I believe I am perfectly capable of understanding the tasks you perform daily." The tension between us thickens.
Her hand twists slightly over her skirt, betraying her true emotions.
Now I understand the root of her veiled hostilityElliot is stripping her of power and handing it over to me.
"Then we shall proceed as you wish," she responds begrudgingly.
"Theres also another matter.
The dressmaker will be coming to take your measurements for a new gown.
His Lordship has requested your company for an important event." "An important event?" I ask, puzzled, but she has no further details to offer.
---- She leaves shortly after.
"Nana, what do you think it could be? Did you ever hear if Elliot took Rosse...
well, you know who, to events?" I whisper, leaning closer to her.
"No, as far as I know, he never showed her off at all.
It seems everyone in the Duchy knew the Duke despised and humiliated her." Her face wrinkles further, and her words dont sit well with me.
What is Elliot planning? Will he take me somewhere where everyone will treat me like garbage? I dont think so.
Im not my sisterIm not weak or submissive.
I have a feeling things wont be that simple.
Iwas prepared for anything, except coming face to face with my husbands stunning ex-lover.
###Chapter 632
---- 345.
INSINUATIONS KATHERINE The carriage moved through the bustling streets.
Icouldnt stop looking through the sheer curtain at the people passing by, watching the lively sway of the night markets.
The air was thick with festivity.
It was my first time visiting these lands, outside of Everharts Duchy and the territories of other nobles.
Suddenly, we came to a halt, perhaps because something was blocking the carriages path.
My attention fell on a pair of lovers standing in front of a trinket stall.
The man looked like a farm laborer, his skin tanned by the sun, but his face bore the foolish expression of a man hopelessly in love as he gazed at the petite woman beside him.
He picked up a few pendants, trying them on her.
The woman looked embarrassed, and then he whispered something in her ear, leaning in so close that it made her smile and blush like a tomato.
I sighed wistfully.
Thad always been a hopeless romanticso much so that a few sweet words and tender gestures were all it took for me to fall into bed with the house gardener and end up pregnant at a young age.
Ilost my daughter, her father was possibly murdered, and then I was treated like an animal for years in that madhouse.
Now, I have to resort to deception, using tricks to sleep with aman who mistakes me for my twin sister.
---- What a colorful life Ive had.
"Are you sad about losing your pendant?" A whisper suddenly brushed against my ear, the Dukes soft breath tickling my skin.
"My pendant?" I lifted my head and turned slightly, meeting his beautiful blue eyes.
"No, I hadnt even remembered that." Tassumed he was talking about the old opal pendant I had given him.
"Then why did you look sad while watching them? Are you that unhappy by my side?" he asked, catching me off guard.
Thadnt realized he was watching me.
His brow was slightly furrowed, his sensual lips were so close, his chest radiated warmth against my shoulder.
"I...
no, why would I be unhappy by Your Graces side?" I couldnt help but avoid his gaze.
The truth was, I wasnt exactly unhappy, but I was carrying too many lies and secrets.
The biggest one of allI wasnt the woman he thought I was.
"Duchess..." His fingers grasped my chin.
Elliot turned my face back toward him, so close I thought he might kiss me at any moment.
He leaned even further over my body, pinning me against the corner of the carriage.
My heart trembled, pounding erratically.
I was starting to feel a little nervous.
"T know our beginning wasnt ideal.
There are many things we need to...
discuss," he paused, his intense gaze never leaving mine.
"But, Rosse...
Duchess, Im willing to bury the hatchet.
Honestly, its
###Chapter 633
---- exhausting to maintain a marriage like this, dont you think?" His words took me by pleasant surprise.
I even fell silent for amoment, wondering if he was testing me, lying to me for some reason...
"Duke, I agree...
Ithink" The sudden jolt of the carriage cut me off mid-sentence.
Elliot grabbed my waist, pulling me tightly against his chest to keep me from hitting the padded wooden panel.
Whats going on?!" he growled at the coachman after making sure I was unharmed.
We came to a stop, and before the coachman could explain, Elliot climbed out, exuding a cold and dominant demeanor.
Through the open carriage door, I overheard the stable hand explaining that the carriage ahead of us had come to an abrupt halt.
Leaning slightly forward, I peeked outside and saw that we were about to pass through a security checkpoint.
In the distance, despite the encroaching night, a massive mansion surrounded by gardens loomed ahead.
"__.but if I had known it was His Lordship, the Duke of Everhart...
From the carriage, I assumed it was some lowly noble," I heard a mans voice say.
His condescending tone made it clear he didnt get along with Elliot.
"Duke Thesio, I see you still maintain your habit of spewing venom like a woman.
Must be why people flee from you like the plague," Elliot retorted sharply.
---- Istuck my head out a little more, getting a glimpse of the blond-haired, short-bearded man he was speaking to with unmistakable hostility.
His green eyes lifted and met mine for a brief second.
I immediately pulled back inside, though he had clearly caught me spying.
"T see you brought company...
your wife, isnt it? The Duchess? Did you finally deem her worthy of being shown off? Or are you just trying to get another womans attention? Could it be you re losing favor, Duke of Everhart?" He posed each question in a mocking tone.
Loud enough for me to hear.
And I didnt like his insinuations one bit.
What exactly was he trying to imply? "Shut the hell up and move your damn carriage, or Ill run you over!" Elliot roared angrily.
Theard them separate with huffs and low murmurs of hostility.
If [had felt uneasy before, now an ominous weight settled in my chest.
Why had Elliot brought me here? Did he truly wish to reconcile with Rossella? He climbed back into the carriage without a word.
His anger was almost tangible, so despite my swirling questions, I kept quiet, simply waiting to see what the night would bring.
The carriage moved again, the wheels clattering against the stone pavement.
Fifteen minutes later, we came to another stop.
"Weve arrived," he announced, moving to open the door, but then hesitated for a second, his hand resting on the handle.
"Duchess, there are many ill-intentioned people at this gathering.
High society is a den of vipers and hidden currents," he warned, turning to ---- face me.
"Whatever they tell you or insinuate, please, ask me directly first if you have any doubts, and I will tell you the truth," he assured me in a low voice.
His eyes, filled with countless thoughts, never wavered from mine.
"I brought you to this celebration to present you to everyone as my Duchess.
I have no other motive.
Whatever remains of the past, I will put an end to it tonight." He spoke with unwavering seriousness.
Before I could process his words or respond, he descended gracefully from the carriage and extended his hand to me.
I swallowed the lump in my throat.
Now that I was here, a sudden nervousness crept over me.
Textended my gloved hand, covered in black lace, and grasped his firm one tightly.
###Chapter 634
---- 346.
ZAFIRO NARRATOR From the second floor of the grand and glamorous Coral Mansion, a woman watched furtively from behind the heavy crimson curtain.
Brendas pupils shifted color the moment she spotted Elliot stepping out of the carriage.
Immediately, the night breeze carried to her those masculine, seductive pheromones exuding from that powerful, virile maleshe loved it.
But her excitement quickly faded when she saw him extend his hand to support a brown-haired woman accompanying him.
Brenda examined her closely, like a female assessing her rival.
She vaguely remembered seeing her beforethat pitiful creature who pretended to have a class she didnt possess.
But tonight...
she wasnt sure...
something about that woman seemed different.
She projected an aura of confidence, an indomitable self- assurance.
She wore a flowing, stunning blue gown.
The corset cinched her waist into a delicate silhouette.
The square neckline couldnt hide the sensual fullness of her breasts.
Did that idiot always have such a bust? Her face was adorned with delicate makeup, but it was far too natural, as if it were her own beauty rather than powders and brushstrokes.
Yet Brenda smirked upon spotting the jewel around her neck.
She scoffed, her mind spinning with wicked plans.
---- However, her gaze quickly returned to Elliot, and her brows furrowed again.
He held the woman by the arm as they ascended the entrance stairs through the garden.
That was the most alarming thingthe way her lover acted with his wife.
The way he looked at her, how his eyes driftedunintentionallyto the Duchesss lips when she smiled, to the curve of her breasts.
The Dukes hand would always slide possessively down to the womans waist whenever a man approached to greet them at the entrance.
Brenda grew uneasy.
Her she-wolf instincts screamed danger from every direction.
She had tolerated Thesios clinginess only to stay in Elliots good graces and fulfill the favor he had asked of her.
She also wanted to seize this opportunity to speak seriously with the Duke of Everhart.
She was no longer satisfied being just his lover.
She had waited patiently for Elliot, but she wasnt getting any younger, and they were bound by their secretsthey needed each other.
She couldnt understand why the Duke remained so fixated on that miserable marriage.
"Miss Brenda, a private message has arrived for you," her ladys maids voice pulled her from her chaotic thoughts.
Elliot had already entered the mansion with that woman.
Turning haughtily, furious, she nearly snatched the note from the maids
###Chapter 635
---- hand.
She could bet it was from that pervertand of course, it was.
He was inviting her to meet him privately after her performance at the party.
Brenda scoffed, crumpling the note and tossing it into the fireplace, where it crackled and burned instantly.
"Miss...
Miss, a footman is waiting for a response.
What...
what should I tell him?" the girl asked hesitantly, knowing all too well Brendas terrible temper.
"Tell him it depends on how] feel after my performance.
I cant give an answer now, so he should leave," Brenda waved her hand dismissively.
"Oh, and bring me the other dress from the wardrobethe most eye- catching oneand my sapphire pendant!" she ordered on the spot, already beginning to undress to change.
She knew Elliot preferred simplicity, but tonight was not a night to be modest.
Tonight was a night to shineand outshine the wife.
ook KATHERINE As soon as we stepped down from the carriage, my curious eyes wandered to the grand facade, festive lights twinkling everywhere.
Guests mingled in the vast garden filled with benches, fountains, and statues of beautiful women pouring water from tall urns.
"Elliot, what is that?" I asked, pointing to a more distant area.
Through the trees, flashing lights were visible, lively music filled the air, ---- and a massive multicolored tent rose above the cypress and pine treetops.
"Its the common folk and the mansions staff.
The landowner has granted them permission to hold their own celebration.
Only the security staff are on duty," he explained.
Topened my mouth in an "0," nodding in understanding.
"Are you mocking me?" I asked, closing my mouth when I caught the flicker of amusement in his eyes.
"I must admit, your expression of wonder is quite...
suggestive." Suggestive? What the hell did that mean? His blue eyes drifted to my lips.
I could swear my dear Duke was flirting with me.
Could he be? I had little time to analyze it, as guests quickly approached to greet him.
Elliot Everhart was one of the most influential figures in this realm.
Ismiled and nodded at the false compliments.
I pretended not to notice the hidden curiosity in the mens gazes and the arrogance and mockery in the womens.
With poise, I tried to be as hypocritical as they were.
Iembraced my role as Duchess, truly embodying itsomething my sister had never done.
That was why these lowborn nobles had openly mocked her to her face.
Inside the imposing mansion, we gathered in a parlor slightly smaller than the one in our castle.
The crystal chandeliers reflected the warm light, creating an atmosphere that invited conversation, drinks, and enjoyment.
---- Elliot handed me a glass of wine, and I took small sips, savoring the brief moment of peaceone that didnt last long.
Suddenly, the lights dimmed, drawing all attention to the grand staircase at the back, draped in red velvet.
Aman anda woman stood at the lower steps, dressed in fine attire, and welcomed us.
They were the hostsI knew because they had greeted us respectfully upon arrival.
"Tonight, I know exactly why many of you accepted our invitation! You dont have to pretend that its me you adore!" the man joked, making everyone smile.
"We wont keep you waiting any longer.
Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome the beautiful and incomparable Zafiro!" he announced, turning toward the top of the staircase.
The orchestra began playing a soft symphony, and the melodic voice of a woman filled the hall, silencing the crowd.
I lifted my head to see her descending.
The silver dress, clinging to her figure, shimmered like thousands of stars.
Her pale skin contrasted with her burgundy hairthat rare, exotic shade of red.
Those features matched Nanas description.
Every alarm inside me went off.
###Chapter 636
---- 347.
THE TRUE AND THE FALSE KATHERINE Murmurs suddenly arose near me.
I felt Elliots arm grow slightly tense.
I tried not to jump to conclusions, but as that beautiful voice drew closer, the woman sang a ballad filled with passion, as if meant for a forbidden lover, and her gray eyes casually searched through the crowduntil they locked onto aman.
Intensely, without much pretense, that striking singer, the so-called Zafiro, seemed to be dedicating her love song to Elliot.
?Oh, Brenda is bold.
Look at her, not even respecting the man's wife being right there...
.Pft, honestly, thats an open secret.
I dont even know why the Duke brought her...
To humiliate her, obviously...
Some whispered words reached me from behind.
I lifted my chin and glanced at Elliot from the corner of my eye, assessing his reaction.
He sipped from his glass, not looking at Brenda, who now seemed completely assured of herself.
She was his mistress.
He had brought me to this party where his lover waswho, on top of it all, was now making her way through the crowd, singing her romantic nonsense, directly dedicating it to him right in my face.
Honestly, I felt utterly ridiculous.
Thad never been in a situation like this before.
It was clear we were the ---- center of attention.
Athousand possible reactions ran through my mind.
Truthfully, all 1 wanted was to pull away from Elliot and leave.
But no, I would endure this with grace, because I wasnt about to give that shameless whore the satisfaction of seeing me defeated, crushed beneath her heel.
Iwas the wife herewithout happiness, without love, or whatever else but the title was mine, and no mistress was going to challenge me for it.
Thad suffered half my life and buried my sister to secure this placeI wouldnt hand it over to her! I looked at her coldly and didnt move away from Elliot.
I waited for her to approach.
The crowd parted as they hummed along to the song, shifting aside to give her space to continue her performance, aimlessly.
Elliot said nothing either, acting as if everything was normal, even chatting quietly with a man beside him.
Causing a scene wouldnt be wise, but I truly hoped he wouldnt humiliate me in front of everyone.
The singers gray, smoky-shadowed eyes met mine.
Her glossy red lips moved as her throat vibrated with high-pitched notes.
The wretched woman sang beautifully, to make matters worse.
?I love you beyond distance, beyond those who judge us without knowing our deepest feelings...
Damn miserable bitchhow does she not choke on her own venom?! She reached out a hand into the air.
###Chapter 637
---- If Elliot let her touch him, I swear, my grace would end right here and now! But before she could reach us, the shadow of a man stepped in, his deep voice joining hers, turning the performance into a duet.
He took her hand, sparing us from a scandal.
Only, this was just the beginning of a stormy night, one filled with trials for this sham of a marriage, already leaking from all sides.
sek Elliot left me with awomanthe wife of a Baron, one of the few kind souls in this nest of vipers.
Baroness Hildaly, I appreciate you keeping my Duchess company.
I have some matters to attend to with the gentlemen, but I return shortly.
Dont worry, Your Lordship, Ill entertain Her Grace, and we ll both enjoy each others company, she responded pleasantly.
After the singers spectacle, saved only by that other Duke we saw earlier at the entrance, things had settled somewhat.
I wanted to curse Elliot to the heavens, but there was no point in acting like the betrayed, scorned woman.
He owed me nothingand certainly nothing to Rossella, who had clearly blackmailed him into marriage.
Iwas reluctant to be separated from him, but I understood the basics of etiquette.
The men now gathered in their own space to smoke and discuss business, while the women retreated to their quarters.
I wasnt about to cling to Elliot like some burden.
Pll return soon, Duchess.
We ll talk laterI promise, you wont go through this again.
Ill take care of things.
---- He leaned in and whispered into my ear.
Isighed, nodding.
I hoped he was referring to his lover.
Was he planning to end things with her? My heart clenched at the thought.
Could it be? Shes even more beautiful than I remembered.
Her skin is so radiant! You must share your beauty secrets, Duchess! Youve been the sensation of the partythe Duke was so possessive over you...
Iwas about to reply when a mocking scoff cut off the Baronesss words.
We turned to see Zafiro standing with two other women, all of them eyeing me with disdain from head to toe.
Tts true, Duchess, please share your formula so we can all be just as...
dazzling, my husbands mistress chimed in, feigning grace, though her words dripped with daggers.
My formula is a bit of a secret, but since its for the famous Zafiro, I can give youa hint.
When youre married and become the official wife, make sure to invite your husband into your bedchamber every night, I replied suggestively, laced with sarcasm.
Besides, that shouldnt be difficult for you.
You clearly have a talent for seducing the opposite sex.
Her viperous face twisted despite her attempts to maintain composure, fury seeping through her pores.
Oh, is that so? she arched a brow.
And here I thought the rumors were true.
People can be so cruel imagine them claiming that the Duke hasnt set foot in your chamber in over ten years.
---- The bold woman even placed a hand over her mouth, feigning embarrassment.
Iwas about to explode, grinding my teeth in rage, sick of this ridiculous aristocratic exchange.
Topened my mouth to throw a proper, lowborn insult her way, when one of her little friends called attention to something I hadnt noticeda detail that would utterly humiliate me.
Oh, what a coincidencethe Duchess and Miss Brenda are wearing the same sapphire pendant, she said, pointing at me in a voice loud enough to draw stares.
My eyes darted to her neck, where she tugged on the delicate gold chain, pulling a large blue gemstone from her cleavage, its golden frame glistening under the light.
It was identical to the one I worethe one I had taken from Rossellas jewelry box simply because it matched my dress.
Except...
no.
They werent exactly the same.
Hers shone brighter, more...
genuine.
While mine, now, was nothing more than what it truly wasa completely fake imitation piece.
###Chapter 638
---- 348.
I DON'T HAVE TO EXPLAIN MYSELF TO YOU NARRATOR "Duchess, what a shame.
Deborah, why did you mention the pendant?" Katherine watched as Brenda feigned surprise, even embarrassment.
This had been her plan from the very start.
Her sister must be rolling in her grave because right now, Katherine was cursing her in every possible way.
How could a woman stoop so low for aman? "Duchess, Im so sorry, I only mentioned the pendant to my friend because, well, you...
you believed it was a gift from the Duke for your anniversary, and, well, it turned out it wasnt..." the shameless woman said with a guilty smile.
"He had it made for someone else." There was no need to specify who that someone was; it was obvious.
The woman wearing the real one around her neck was not the rightful wife.
"Tt seems she liked it so much she had a fake one made.
I imagine that with the nobles pension the Duke gives her, she wouldnt be able to afford something that valuable," one of the women behind Brenda murmured maliciously.
Katherine clenched her fists against her skirt, reminding herself not to fall into Brendas game, but as the woman revealed more and more of Rossellas stupidity in front of everyone, her face burned with humiliation.
"This is just a simple piece I found at the market.
I wanted to support local vendors as their Duchess.
It matched my dress, so I put it onit was purely a coincidence," Katherine said, blurting out the first nonsense that cametn mind ---- Obviously, no one believed her.
The smug, mocking, even pitying gazes bore down on her.
She had no choice but to carry the weight of Rossellas sins and foolishness.
"Oh, then" "Then nothing, Zafiro," Katherine cut her off coldly, knowing exactly where this was headedmore humiliations.
This circus act ended here.
"T dont have to explain myself to anyone, whether I wear a simple jewel or drape myself in diamonds.
Thats what being a Duchess means, ladies whatever I wear, I make it look good," she added confidently, lifting her chin with haughty elegance.
"And if you ll excuse me, Ill step outside for some fresh air, as the atmosphere here is a little...
toxic.
Have a good night, Baroness Hildaly.
Thank you for the company." "Wait, Duchess..." the older woman called out with worried eyes, but Katherine didnt stop.
She strode out of the grand hall, filled with gossiping women, disgusted by their falseness.
She wandered aimlessly through the corridors until she reached a secluded terrace of the vast mansion.
Lowering her hand, she gripped the fake necklace and ripped it off in anger, not caring about the red mark it left on her skin or the burning pain that followed.
She shoved the worthless pendant into a hidden pocket beneath the
###Chapter 639
---- layers of her dress.
Tears of restrained fury welled at the corners of her eyes, but she wiped them away roughly.
She couldnt afford to appear weakespecially not over the venomous words of that conceited noblewoman.
The truth was, this was affecting her more than she wanted to admit.
She had thought she could endure the fact that Elliot had a mistress after all, they didnt love each other.
Here, everyone used one another for their own interests.
She only had to secure her position, by any means necessary, to ensure a good future for herself and her daughternothing more.
That was the plan.
But then why did it feel like there was a hole in her chest when she imagined him with her? Katherine leaned against the cold stone railing, gazing up at the moon, at the forest beyond.
The commoners celebration seemed lively.
The temptation to run in that direction, to lose herself among simple people, to escape the charade of her false life for just amoment, was almost too strong.
"No, no, you cant run and let them keep talking about you.
You have to face itits just one night," she steeled herself, squaring her shoulders.
She lifted the hem of her dress slightly and decided to take a path along the garden, get some air, and then return to the hall.
---- But her peaceful walk across the grass was interrupted by something she stumbled upon entirely by accidentthrough the illuminated window of a library.
Katherine pressed herself against the window frame, half crouched.
She couldnt hear anything, but it was obvious that the man waiting inside was Elliot.
Hadnt he told her he was discussing business in the gentlemens lounge? Lying bastard.
Abad feeling crept over her, and before she could even try to reason it away, the door swung openand that whore slipped inside, closing it hurriedly, stealthily.
It was exactly what it looked like.
Brenda had come to meet with her lover.
ook Elliot Elliot waited, somewhat anxious.
He had already met with his spy to get updates on the South.
He was still keeping that idiot Thesio entertained here.
Now, he just needed to get through this situation as quickly as possible so he could return to Katherine.
The thought of some man making advances on her, believing he wouldnt care, made his blood simmer.
He wasnt stupidhe was jealous, masking his foul mood because of the ---- imbeciles who couldnt stop staring at her cleavage, only holding back out of respect for his presence.
And to top it all off, he had no idea what the hell had gotten into Brenda with that whole dramatic love song stunt.
She had never done anything like that before.
Speaking of her...
what the hell was taking so long?
###Chapter 640
---- 349.
VISUAL TRICKERY NARRATOR The Duke heard hurried footsteps in the hallway.
The door opened and closed.
Elliot was waiting.
"Elliot, I thought youd never call for me," Brenda immediately walked toward him, her she-wolf stirring restlessly at the pheromones of that powerful male.
Despite the Dukes strange ways, he had never revealed his inner wolf to her, nor did he allow her wolf to get closebut they always tried.
Even during sex, when he lost some of his self-control, he remained remarkably guarded.
Brenda didnt know much about her own kind either.
She had been an orphan taken in by noble elementals who couldnt have children.
She had been a pretty girl, learned to sing, to be obedient, to manipulate hearts.
She had learned to hide her true nature until her first heat, when the powerful man standing before her had discovered her.
From that day on, Brenda had truly coveted him, deep within her soul.
With Elliot, she could be herselfno masks, no lies.
"Dont get so close.
I dont know what the hell is wrong with you today, but control yourselfand your scent, too," Elliot grimaced in disgust.
She was fine for when he had needs, but tonight, he had none.
Not for her.
Never again.
"Elliot, Im sorry.
I did as you askedthat pervert came, you have no ---- idea how he harasses me..." Zafiro put on a falsely innocent expression.
"T appreciate the favor.
I ll reward you well in gold..." "Elliot, you know I dont want your money, love.
Why are you so cold today? Why did you bring her? I thought...
I believed wed take advantage of the night," Brenda took a few steps forward.
Her hands reached for Elliots chest, but he caught her wrists midair, gripping them tightly.
"T called you here to make something very clear.
Brenda, thisusis over.
No more.
Our arrangement is finished," he declared mercilessly.
For amoment, the she-wolf stood in shock, unable to believe what she had just heard.
"This...
this is a joke, right?" Her eyes started turning red.
Elliot hoped she wouldnt cause a scene.
It wouldnt benefit either of them.
"I told you from the start that this was temporary.
For your own good, I suggest you accept it.
And, Brenda..." The Duke stepped forward, threateningly.
His canines subtly lengthened, his crushing aura seeping from his pores.
His free hand wrapped firmly around Zafiros throat, making her eyes widen in panic.
"For your own sake, I hope our secret never leaves your lips.
Always rememberyou are a noble within my Duchy.
And if you ever dare betray me to Thesio, I will deny everything," Elliot didnt hold back in making sure she was terrified.
"T swear, there wont be a single place in this realm where you can hide
###Chapter 641
---- from me if you open your mouth.
You have more to lose than I do, so think carefully." "N-No, Elliot, I would never betray you, because I...
I love you," Brendas tears began to fall.
She caught him off guard, throwing herself against his chest, clutching him with all her strength.
Her face pressed into his shoulder as she pleaded softlyfilled with fear, rage, pain, heartbreak.
Astorm of emotions that turned into deep hatred when she saw the shadow of a woman spying from the corner of the window.
Brenda masked her reaction, pretending not to notice.
Elliot, with his back turned, had no idea his little wife was watching them from outside.
Zafiro wouldnt give up without a fight.
Before the Duke could push her away, she lifted her head, took his face in her hands, and stood on the tips of her bootspressing a passionate kiss straight onto his lips.
From her perspective, that was what Katherine saw.
She couldnt hear anything through the glass, and Elliots broad back blocked the sight of his ex-lovers tears and dramatics.
The Duchess completely misinterpreted what she saw.
It was obvious.
He had left her alone, humiliated in that room, just to meet with the woman he truly cared about.
She couldnt take it anymore.
She turned and walked away down the ---- path, swallowing the lump in her throat, her eyes stinging with unshed tears.
Faster and faster, she moved between the hedges, nearly running, her breath coming in short, sharp bursts until she reached a secluded corner.
She leaned against the cold stone wall of the mansion, trembling.
Katherine lowered her head and took a deep breath.
"Damn it...
damn man..." She wanted to call him unfaithful, but it sounded so ridiculous.
Elliot owed her nothing.
Asingle tear escaped, landing on her raised hand as she tried to wipe it awayonly for more and more to fall.
She bit her lip to keep it from trembling uncontrollably.
She couldnt cry.
Katherine wouldnt give them the satisfaction of knowing they had hurt her.
She was furious with herself for reacting so stupidlylike a jealous woman.
Was she actually jealous...
over Elliot? Before she could analyze her own emotions, voices approached in the distance.
###Chapter 642
---- 350.
AMAGED EVENT NARRATOR Katherine composed herself at lightning speed, dabbing her face witha handkerchiefthankfully, she hadnt broken down sobbing like Magdalena.
She tried to slip away, but in the end, some guests caught her and brought her back to the hall for one of the evenings main games.
ook Elliot had settled his business with Brenda, putting her in her place.
What the hell was that nonsense about love and feelings? He wasnt an idiot.
Elliot knew very well that what truly drove that she- wolf was her interest in his wealth and title.
With disgust, he wiped the traces of her lipstick from his mouth, along with her irritating scent that still clung to his nose.
He didnt want Kath to suspect anythingor worse, misunderstand.
He considered placing more spies around Brenda, just in case.
He didnt trust her in the slightest.
"Baroness Hildaly, good, Ive found you," he strode toward the woman, who was ordering a drink.
"Where is my Duchess?" Elliot scanned the small catering lounge.
At the sight of the womans flustered expression, his alarms immediately went off.
What happened?" ---- "lm terribly sorry, Your Grace, truly, but, well...
Miss Zafiro...
"The woman hesitated, unsure whether to speak or stay silent.
She had no desire to meddle in the Dukes private affairs.
"Tell me without fear.
What did Brenda do? Where is my wife?" As he listened to what had happenedthe humiliation Brenda had inflicted upon KatherineElliots fury grew with every word.
He should have known sooner.
Damn it! His hurried steps led him straight to the grand hall.
The place was buzzing with excitement as everyone prepared for the Treasure Exchange.
Elliot knew about ithe had personally bribed the event organizers to rig the raffle so that he and Katherine would be paired together.
Where are you, my little witch?" The urgency inside him swelled.
Damn it, he had tried to handle too much at this gathering and had neglected what truly mattered.
He tried to use his sense of smell, but the chaotic mix of scents made it impossible.
Moving through the crowd seated in arranged lounges, he nodded mechanically to greetings, but his gaze was only searching for one person.
Not seeing Katherine was driving him maduntil, finally, he spotted her sitting on a sofa, chatting with two other women.
Elliot approached with an intimidating presence.
If they were mistreating her, the civilized Duke act would end right here.
###Chapter 643
---- But as his ears picked up the conversation, he exhaled in relief.
That wasnt the case.
Katherine lifted her eyes and met his gaze for a fleeting moment.
Elliots heart sank at the sheer indifference in those brown eyes before she swiftly looked away.
She was angryand with good reason.
Fuck, how the hell does one win over a wife? He had never had to charm anyone before.
"Duke of Everhart, come, come! Were about to start!" The host called him over to the mens section.
The event began.
It was a lottery board with numbers pairing men and women.
Each pair had until the following day to find a treasure for their partnerit could be a valuable gift, a favor, or even a request.
Since married couples also participated, the game was played with a degree of respect, though some singles used it as an opportunity for mischief.
Amassive golden board was brought to the center of the room, filled with multicolored spheres, signaling the start of the game.
One by one, women and men stepped forward to try their luck.
Bets were even placed on who would be matched with whom.
Amid the lively atmosphere, one pair of intense blue eyes never stopped watching a pair of brown ones that refused to spare him even a glance.
Elliot was growing restless, desperate to escape the crowd and speak with ---- her alone.
He needed to tell her that things with Brenda were overthat he would respect her as his wife.
"Tts the turn of our dear Duchess of Everhart! Come forward, Your Grace, and test your luck in the raffle!" Katherine was called, and she rose gracefully, walking toward the massive spinning board as it whirled faster and faster.
Elliot took a bitter sip of his drink.
She smiled widelybut at everyone except him.
Meanwhile, he stood there like an idiot on the sidelines, glaring at any man who dared admire her for more than two seconds.
She looked gorgeous, stunning.
Despite having the same face as Rossella, Kath was something else entirelyher confident stride, her flirtatious smile, the way those damn voluptuous breasts bounced with every step hypnotized every man in the room.
Elliot decided then and therenext time, he would choose her dress himself.
No more revealing his property.
"Red ball, Duchess! Good luck!" Katherine returned to her seat.
More names were called.
Soon, it was time for some of the men.
She opened her red sphere and found the number 8.
At any moment now, the men would announce their numbers.
Katherine had a feeling.
---- She watched as Elliot stepped forward with absolute confidence, the giant spinning wheel still turning and turning.
She tried to catch somethinganythingbut couldnt.
Still, she knew.
This was rigged.
###Chapter 644
---- 351.
WIFE ON THE RUN NARRATOR The girl had subtly placed this sphere in her handnot the one she had actually touched.
What exactly was Elliot playing at? If this was his doing.
Kaths eyes caught the moment Brenda entered the hall.
She was wearing different clothes.
The Duchess didnt even want to imagine why she had changed.
There was no point denying itshe was drowning in useless, bitter jealousy.
Amid laughter and jokes, Brenda was called to pick in the draw.
Arather defeated thought was forming in Katherines mind.
She had grown a little tired of pretending for today.
She stood up subtly, slipping through the crowd, taking advantage of the dimmed lights and the shadows that sheltered her.
The pairs began to be announced.
Each time a man called out his number, a soft light illuminated him, and then it was his exchange partners turn.
Brenda smelled that womans disgusting scentthe Duchess.
She was approaching her position.
She braced herself for a scene.
Maybe she was coming to confront her about the fake kiss with the Duke in the library.
What a pathetic woman.
She still couldnt believe Elliot had chosen her instead.
---- But all she heard was the rustling of a dress.
Before she could turn to defend herself, shielded by the crowds excitement, something round was shoved into her hand, catching her off guard.
Here, I know you re dying to take my place.
Katherine whispered, leaving her number in Brendas hand and, without waiting for a response, slipped away to the back, exiting through the discreet door, straight into the outer corridors and from there, toward the freedom of the gardens.
It took Brenda a few seconds to process what had just happened.
She looked down at the red ball in her hand.
Carefully, she opened it to reveal the small paper insidenumber 8, in gold.
Meanwhile, Elliot had lost sight of Katherine.
Had she gone to the bathroom? Butright now? Tts time for the esteemed Duke of Everhart! Who will be the lucky lady to receive a treasure from the wealthy Duke, one of the richest men in the realm?! The light and everyones attention turned to him.
He had no choice but to go along with this.
Katherine would come forward when she heard her number...
he supposed.
Number 8.
Elliot called out, scanning the other side of the vast hall.
It was only a few meters, yet now it felt like an entire world apart.
He searched anxiously, trying to mask the change in his pupils as he scanned the "mysterious" side of the room, filled with gowns, feminine
###Chapter 645
---- laughter, and suffocating perfumes.
?Baby, where are you Thave number 8.
The voice he least wanted to hear suddenly rang out from the crowd of women.
The light focused on Brenda.
Elliot looked at his hand, at the red sphere he had personally arranged for Kath.
Why the hell was it in this womans hand? This cant be! Someone cheated! The shrill voice of Duke Thesio erupted.
He himself had pulled a similar trick on Elliot to end up paired with Zafiro.
So how the hell had he ended up paired with that idiot Elliot? Looks like theres been a mix-up.
Thesio! Elliot called his attention and tossed the ball through the air straight into the mans hands, who caught it, looking somewhat astonished.
All yours.
I have no interest in being paired with Zafiro or with any other woman who isnt my wife.
He declared before everyone.
The hall fell into total silence.
What kind of scandalous gossip was this?! Had the Duke just rejected Miss Brenda in front of everyone...
in favor of the abandoned wife? Elliot didnt stop to explain anything to anyone.
He turned on his heel and stormed out like a madman, chasing after his females trail.
He wasnt about to let her escape him just like that.
It was far too late to ---- run from his prison.
ook Katherine arrived almost breathless.
Along the way, she had stripped off the most elegant upper layers of her gown, leaving only the simpler underlayers.
She unpinned the heavy hairpins and tucked them away along with the fabric inside the hollow trunk of a tree.
Running her fingers through her long hair to smooth it, trying to blend in just another commonershe moved step by step along the outskirts of the celebration, near the clearing in the woods.
Beer flowed from barrels into large pints; people laughed, danced, and sang.
Suddenly, the violins picked up an animated rhythm, accompanied by the accordion and flutes, the drums beating with energy.
The crowd went wild, forming a massive circle, hands clasped, legs and arms swinging from side to sidewomen at the center, men around the outer ring.
For the first time that night, Katherine laughedgenuinely.
She clapped along cheerfully to the rhythm, her legs moving as if with a life of their own.
She knew these steps well.
Would you like to dance, miss?! Avoice called over the joyful commotion.
Kath turned her head to see a man extending his hand toward her.
He was handsome, young, a little ruggedclearly someone who worked ---- the fields.
She hesitated for a second.
Did she want to dance? Of course, she did.
So she reached out her hand and let herself be led to the center of the raucous festivity, unaware that a certain feral wolf had already picked up her scent and was sprinting through the nocturnal woodshunting her down.
###Chapter 646
---- 352.
DANCING WITH THE PLEBS.
ELLIOT I followed Katherines trail, a creeping fear settling in as I realized she was heading deeper into the forest.
Athousand conspiracies ran through my mind.
Had someone captured her? Taken her away by force? But there were no other scents.
Still, I didnt trust it.
Iwas so anxious I imagined every possible scenarioexcept the one I actually found.
Shielded by the darkness, I reached the outskirts of the commoners celebration.
Lively music filled the air, nothing like the refined melodies played in the ballroom.
Voices and laughter flooded the night, but among them, I heard one that was too sweet for my ears.
Her scent, that lavender filled with joy, engulfed me.
Isearched for her among the circle of dancing peoplethen I saw her.
She moved while holding up her skirt, lifting it to an indecent height as she jumped from side to side, following the other women.
Her eyes sparkled under the torchlight.
For a second, I was hypnotized, drunk on the sight of this woman.
Thad never seen her so freeso herself.
---- Her loose hair whipped around her as she laughed non-stop.
She was stunning, seductive.
And I wasnt the only man noticing.
My excitement at finding her, at seeing her, twisted into deep jealousy as Icaught the lustful stares of several men on her.
As she passed from one hand to another during the dance, they gripped her waist, their eyes hungrily traveling over her neckline, over the suggestive curves outlined by the movement.
Rage coursed through my veins.
So she had run from my side just to put herself on display for others.
Tyanked off my tunic, tossing it into the tall grass.
She was trying to pass as acommoner, too.
I stuffed my cufflinks and expensive rings into my pants pockets.
Untucked my white shirt, ran a hand through my hair to mess it up.
I didnt think twice before stepping into the light.
Aman walked past carrying pints of beer on a tray.
I grabbed one, tooka long swig, then slammed it down, trying to control myself.
My blood pounded, and the alcohol burned my throat.
With a dull thud, I set the pint on a table and wove through the crowd.
I quickly picked up the rhythm of the dance.
When I was younger, I used to sneak out and wander among my people in disguise.
With a leap, I forced my way between two men and began moving, imitating their stepsright, left, a step forward, another back...
###Chapter 647
---- Imust have looked ridiculous, completely out of sync.
But I didnt care.
I kept my eyes on the backs of the women dancing in the central circle around a massive bonfire.
The flames cast their silhouettes in flickering light.
I was waitingmore than civilizedfor my turn with my witch.
Suddenly, rough hands grabbed me.
Isnapped my gaze to a plump, freckled redhead whose green eyes sparkled as she groped me all over.
yYoure new around here! Never seen you before! she shouted over the violins and tambourines.
Uh, yeah, yeah! I threw back some nonsense.
I wasnt paying attention to her.
My focus was on my womanand the bastard now whispering something in her ear.
Damn it, to hell with this! Then Ill see you later at the stables! Yeah, yeah...
wait, what? I realized what she had just suggested something downright indecentand I had answered automatically.
Tts a date, handsome! Before I could clarify, she spun around and disappeared.
The dance partners switched again.
Ilooked for my wife.
She had distanced herself from that slimy man.
Something wild stirred in my chest, my breath growing heavier.
---- What if someone had just proposed the same thing to her? Would Katherine actually consider it? Oh, hell no.
To hell with the dance! Istarted shoving my way through, earning complaints and curses.
I couldnt care less.
My only goal was reaching herno one was going to keep touching what was mine.
The good thing about being tall, powerful, and exuding a dominant aura was that very few dared challenge me physically.
Their insults meant nothing to me.
Thenfinallyher turn came to spin, and my hands caught her narrow waist, pulling her flush against my possessive body.
I savored her startled eyes, the softness of her breasts pressing into my chest, her delicious scent teasing my nose.
But my little surprise didnt last long.
Her expression quickly turned cold and furious.
What are you doing here, Duke? she muttered through clenched teeth, trying to stop, but she had no choice but to dance with meor wed disrupt the entire flow of the pairs.
Does it bother you that much that your husband is here? Whats wrong? Already looking for my replacement? I leaned into her ear and whispered bitterly.
Our bodies were pressed together, my grip firm around her hand, not letting her pull away.
Youre such a damn hypocrite.
How dare you accuse me of that when you brought me to the same party as your mistress? she snapped back, ---- fury radiating from her.
If it were Rossella, I would have thrown a sharp retort at her.
But this was Katherine.
And, truthfully, I felt like a traitorous dog looking into her eyesbecause in reality, since she had entered my life, I hadnt been with anyone else.
Technically, I had never cheated on her.
Darling, Ican explain.
We need to talk.
I have nothing to do with Sir, its time to switch partners! Let go of the lady!
###Chapter 648
---- 353.
THE BARNYARD FIGHT ELLIOT "I'M NOT LETTING GO OF ANYONE! GO FIND ANOTHER DAMN PARTNER!" I roared at the idiot beside me, who was already eyeing my female.
He was about to gamble away a full set of teeth if he even thought about trying something.
"Ouch!" I groaned, caught off guard by the sudden sting in my foot.
Katherine had stomped down hard on it with the sharp heel of her boot, using my moment of distraction to shove me and slip from my arms.
"Kadamn it...
Rossella!" I nearly let her real name slip.
I didnt want her finding out the truth like this.
She disappeared into the cluster of women.
I was about to chase after her like amadman when someone grabbed my arm.
Iturmed, ready to land my fist in whoevers face had the audacity to stop me, rage rising to a feral leveluntil I saw it was an elderly woman.
"Easy there, young man, calm yourself," she said, dragging me toward a table and forcing me to sit despite my resistance.
What was I supposed to do? Shove her? Of course not.
Still, my eyes kept darting through the crowd, searching for her like a lunatic.
Iknew she was still at the fairher scent lingered in the air.
"Thats not the way to win over a lady," she started scolding me.
"Here, ---- She handed me a pint of cold beer, the foam bubbling at the top.
I downed it like water.
The tiny old woman sat on the stool across from me.
"Shes my wife," I admitted bitterly.
"I screwed up, and now! dont know how to fix it." Iwas so desperate I found myself spilling this to a complete stranger, staring into her wise honey-colored eyes, her face lined with deep wrinkles.
"T see, I see.
Its clear you love her, but brute force wont get you anywhere...
or...
well, maybe it could..." She seemed to reconsider her own words.
"Thats it! I have an idea to win your woman back! Come, come!" She stood up.
She barely reached my chest, but her grip was like a vice.
It was obvious she had spent her life working the land.
Thad no idea what she was planning, but before I knew it, I found myself standing in the middle of The Corral Fight.
Just as the name suggested, it was a pen covered in thick, sloshing mud, fenced in while villagers placed bets and cheered wildly.
I wasnt convinced this would do anything to appease my Duchess.
"Alright, lads, you know the rules! The last man standing gets to make a request to his favorite lady! Ladies, you cant refuse a man who fought to the death for you!" Aredheaded man, barely standing from the weight of his drunkenness, bellowed from the center of the massive corral.
###Chapter 649
---- I sincerely hoped he wasnt the father of that plump redhead from earlier.
One of the gates opened, and a few young men stepped inside.
"Come on, lad! Roll up your pant legs, or the mud! swallow you whole!" The old woman nudged me forward with surprising force.
"But maam, this is pointless" "Blockhead!" She smacked me on the head.
She smacked methe Duke of Everhart! "Look over thereyour wife! Shes watching you, hiding between those two!" She pointed to the other side of the fence.
My gaze locked onto Katherines, fleeting and unsure.
But I caught the curiosity in her eyeseven the hint of a hidden smile at the corner of her lips.
That alone was enough to make me do this insane thing.
Iwas falling for that woman like never before.
Without hesitation, I crouched down, rolling my pant legs up to my knees.
Boots off, I stepped into the battlefield to the sound of loud cheers.
The low heels of my boots sank into the muck.
The others were barefoot, even.
What madness.
"Release the pigs! Release the pigs!" the crowd started chanting.
The pigs? Wasnt this supposed to be a fight between us? "Remember, you bastardswhoever fails to catch a pig is out of this ---- round!" The same drunkard shouted from where he teetered on the fence, chugging his drink and nearly falling back into the pit.
Thats when I heard the high-pitched squeals of animals and the creak of agate swinging open.
The men around me all turned in the same direction, shoulders squaring, knees bending.
I followed their gaze, freezing at the sight of a stampede of pigs charging in through the open gaterushing at us like hellspawn, kicking up mud as they barreled through.
It all made sense when the first man lunged at one, trying to grab it by the back, only to slip, fall face-first, and nearly plant a kiss on the pigs backside.
Chaos erupted in an instantshouts, roars, laughter.
Ten pigs.
More than twenty men tumbling around in the corral.
I lifted my gaze, and from a distance, she was watching meintensely, feigning indifference, but I knew damn well how much she was enjoying my misery.
Then, suddenly, she lifted her hand, pressed it to her lips, and blew mea kisshalf flirtation, half mockery.
That was all it took to send my adrenaline and motivation through the roof.
Aspotted pig darted past me, and I lunged, grabbing it by the back leg before it could escape.
No matter what, I wasnt leaving this pit empty-handed.
---- For my womanwhatever it took.
###Chapter 650
---- 354.
MADNESS IN THE BARNYARD ELLIOT If there's one thing I've learned in the past few minutes, it's the true meaning of "eating mud." I'ma mud-eatertheres no other way to describe me right now, rolling around, wrestling a pig in the middle of this filth.
"Stay still, damn it!" I lunged onto its back, but my hands kept slipping, mud splattered everywhere, and its plump body writhed beneath my grip.
I could only imagine the spectacle I was making of myself.
I wrapped my legs tightly around its sides, trying to grab its ears and pull its head back.
"Uiiik, uiiik!" The pig started squealing, and there I was, bouncing on top of it, clutching its ears, riding it around the corral like some damn rodeo cowboy.
What the hell had they been feeding these beasts to make them so strong?! The noise was deafening, laughter echoed from all sides, and I clung to the pigs thick neck, trying to get it under control.
What a damn embarrassment.
At the very least, after all this, I deserveda good lick from the Duchess.
I finally managed to slow down its wild sprint, both of us rolling in the mud.
I dodged its frantic bites while trying to tie up its four legs, it thrashing to escape.
Tust when I had it almost subdued some bastard came to steal mv pig! ---- "Hey, what the hell is wrong with you?! Let go of my pig!" I shouted when I saw him dragging it away.
Thad let my guard down for just a second.
I knew he wouldn't get far the pig was half-tied, and someone had thrown me another rope from the fence, which I was already picking up.
"Sorry, buddy, but finders keepers.
Get yourself another one." "Oh yeah, buddy? Well, I dont need to look farI just found the biggest swine in here!" Fueled by adrenaline, I threw a punch straight at the blond brutes jaw.
A solid crack sounded under my knuckles.
The big guy stumbled back, letting go of the pig's legthe same one I had fought so damn hard to catch.
The pig, limping, took off like it was possessed.
I wasnt about to chase after it againrage was already making my body tremble.
I tackled the man, who quickly recovered.
He was a rugged farmhand, built with muscle.
We started brawling like two uncivilized savages, throwing fists with no restraint.
landed a kick to his ribs that sent him stumbling backwardright into someone else.
"Hey, what the hell, man?! You just elbowed me, damn it!" The guy behind him turned, pissed off, and without hesitation, launched himself at the blond, biting his damn head.
"AHHH! Are you crazy, you son of a bitch?! How the hell are you gonna
###Chapter 651
---- bite me?!" he yelled, trying to shake the man offwho clung to him like a damn tick.
"The only bitch here is your motherleave my brother alone!" Thenthe sharp shatter of a bottle breaking.
Glass shards flashed before my eyes, and the blond brute staggered, blood dripping down his forehead, swaying like he was about to drop.
Awoman by the fence had just smashed a bottle over his head.
What the hell is wrong with these people?! "You bitch! Lets see if I dont teach you a lesson today! Get your hands off my man!" I turned toward a woman storming forward, lifting her skirt, charging at the girl with the bottle.
And just like that, the womens fight beganuglier than the mens brawl.
At this point, the pigs were no longer the only ones being hunted.
"Give me back my pig, you bastard!" "Elena is a whore! You re out here eating dirt for her while shes screwing Alonso in the woods!" What?! That bastard AlonsoI'm gonna castrate him with the sheep shears...! "Quit worrying about other mens women and look at yoursshes making out with Carlos by the fence!" "PETUNIA!" Iwas surrounded by fights, shouting, loose pigs squealing as they leaped over tangled human bodies in the mud, musicians playing harder as if ---- encouraging this madness.
To hell with all of this! Istarted dodging the chaos, barely avoiding a few stray punches, scanning the mess for Katherine.
I couldnt see her by the fenceeven outsiders had jumped into the corral to fight.
Then, in the middle of the crowd, a hand grabbed mine and started pulling me away.
I held onto it firmlyit felt soft.
I followed, thinking it had to be her.
It had to be Katherine.
We emerged into a clearer space but something felt off.
The hand was too plumpthe scent wasnt familiar.
A flash of red hair caught my eye.
The body was smaller than my little witchs.
What the hell?! It was the redhead.
"Waithey, wait!" I stopped dead, trying to pull away, but her grip was like a damn vice crushing my fingers.
"Dont be shy, handsome.
Come on, lets get away from this madness.
Lets go somewhere...
more private, so you can clean up." She leaned in, giving me a smirk she probably thought was seductive.
My eyes zeroed in on the piece of lettuce stuck between her teeth.
"Yeah, I dont think so.
Sorry, Im marriedand I love my wife." Itooka step back.
Then another.
She purred like a damn stalker, trying to press herself against my chest.
My back hit the wooden fence.
Damn it.
She had me cornered.
"Dont lie, come on, dont be shy.
Youre way too handsome to bea farmhand.
Your handsso soft! Youre not a laborer, are you?" ---- "Uh...
no.
No, Im not.
And I was just leaving" "Just one little kiss! Try me, you'll like it." "T dont like lettuce, thanks." That was the first stupid thing that came out of my mouth.
I was about to jump the fence and run for my life when she lunged at me, mouth first.
But before she could plant one on me, the fence behind me gave way.
I stumbled back a few steps as the gate suddenly swung open.
Thena hand grabbed mine again.
And this time it was the right woman.
###Chapter 652
---- 355.
SEDUCING MY WIFE ELLIOT "Hey, wait, bitch! I saw him first!" The shouting faded behind me, swallowed by the chaos of the fights and the violins fueling the brawls.
Iran through the shadows of tents and small stalls, filthy, covered in mud.
But for some reason, watching that brown hair flow ahead of me, inhaling that delicious lavender scent, a smile crept onto my lips.
Iwas happy.
ook KATHERINE I stood in the hallway, keeping watch.
We had slipped inside a stable in silence, with only a few horses dozing in their stalls.
Elliot told me that places like these always had rustic showers for the workers to clean up.
And there he was, inside what looked like a small wooden booth, covered only by a flimsy curtain.
Iturmed my back, keeping my eyes on the long, dimly lit passage leading to the stable entrance.
I knew he was naked.
The shameless man had practically stripped in front of me.
Icould hear the water cascading down his body.
I imagined him standing under the stream pouring from the crude pipe mounted on the wall.
Iplaced a hand over my chest, emotions swirling inside me.
I had to admitthe corral stunt had moved me.
And the fact that he was here, ---- that he had chosen me instead of her...
?No, Katherine, you have to be strong, cold.
Remember all the bitterness of this night.? "Ah, fuck!" A sudden roar behind me, followed by a loud thud, snapped me back to reality.
"Elliot!" I didnt thinkI just reacted.
I rushed inside the shower, shoving the curtain aside.
It was dark insideI couldnt see a thing.
And thensuddenlya strong, wet, naked body crashed into mine.
His hands gripped me possessively, pinning me against the wall.
Water splashed, drenching me from head to toe.
I opened my mouth to protest, and cold lips seized the momentkissing me deeply, passionately.
His ragged breaths filled the tight space, pressing me against his powerful muscles, one hand gripping my nape, forcing me to kiss him back.
I tried to resistin vain.
Lust swallowed me whole, this damn man setting my body ablaze.
His erection throbbed hard against my stomach.
"Mmm...
wife..."' Elliot groaned.
His tongue traced my lips, sucking, nibbling the lower one between his teeth, tugging erotically until I melted.
"No...
dont think this means Im going to...
mmm...
forgive you..." I managed to say between his relentless kisses.
Deep, animalistic growls rumbled in his chest, vibrating against my aching, sensitive breasts.
###Chapter 653
---- Every inch of my body responded to his touch, his dominance.
Trapped in this tight space, soaking wet, I was at the mercy of the man who drove me insane.
"Listen to me" Suddenly, he pulled back slightly, gripping my chin, forcing me to face him.
His eyesGod, his eyesglowed in the darkness, like a beast stalking its prey.
"Since you came back from the countryside, I haven't been with another woman.
Do you understand?" He whispered against my lips.
"Not with Brenda, not with anyone.
I ended it with her.
For good." Why did he say it like that? ?Since I came back from the countryside...? That was me, not my sister.
Which meant that while I was at his side, he never touched another.
"Liar," I spat, frowning, remembering what I had seen todayand all the past betrayals.
"That daythe day you saw me...
in my room..." "the day I saw you masturbating, slipping your fingers into your pussy while moaning my name." His low, husky voice completed my sentence, sending heat pooling between my thighs.
"That day, you came back soaked.
Youyou went to be with her, didnt you?" Tasked, my voice bitter, harsher than I intended.
He lowered his head.
---- I thought he was going to admit it.
Anger coiled inside me, ready to explode But instead...
he laughed.
A deep, vibrating laugh that shook his shoulders.
"Oh, you think this is funny? Let me go, Duke! I said, let me go!" "Relax, relax, my little wildcat." He held me firmly, caging me in his iron grip, arms wrapped around my waist, yanking me flush against his body, slamming me into the wooden wall.
Icould barely see his expression in the shadowsonly hear his heavy breathing, feel the heat of his body, the hardness of him.
"T love when you get jealous...
sshhh, you dont know how hard that makes me, sweetheart." He rolled his thick, aching cock against my stomach, slow, teasing, moaning between words.
"That night, I didnt go see anyone.
Do you have any idea how far Brendas house is?" "Dont say her fucking name." "Finethat woman.
I didnt go to her.
You know how I knew about the showers in the stables?" I blinked.
And thenunderstood.
His lips brushed the tip of my nose ina featherlight kiss.
"He groaned.
"Fuck, Im not made of steel.
I went out riding and then..." "That night, after watching you pleasure yourself so beautifully.
"And then.
couldnt trust himnot completely.
What if he was lying? " Theard myself whisper, breathless with repressed desire.
I ---- But my mind was fogging over again.
Why was I so weak to this man? "Im going to show you what I did after," he murmured.
Thenhe grabbed my hand.
Shamelessly, he slid it between our wet bodies and wrapped my fingers around his hard, slippery cock.
The veins pulsed beneath my touch.
"Mmm...
this is how I fucked my hand thinking about you..." His voice was low, filthy.
"Yeah, fuck, yeah...
remembering those big tits I love so much...
sshhh, squeeze me tighter, baby...
mmmm...
that little pink cunt...
fuck, so good ...
want to fuck you, my wife.
You make me so fucking hard.
Im not with anyone else...
mmmm...
I swear it, honey..." Iwas about to combust.
I would burst into flames at any moment, trapped under this sinfully sexy man, his massive body looming over me, thrusting his thick cock into my fist, his larger hand forcing mine to grip tighter.
###Chapter 654
---- 356.
PROVING MY FIDELITY KATHERINE His panting and growling against my neck, our wet hair sticking to our skin.
I want to be angry.
Remember the bad, Katherine.
Remember.
Mmmm, I moaned when he sucked on my neck with lust, his overly sharp canines scraping deliciously close to my frantic pulse.
One of his hands moved up to squeeze and grope my breast, trying to slip inside my neckline.
The other slid down to lift the layers of my dress.
Icouldnt hold back any longer.
Of my own will, I began stroking his hard cock, moaning as he touched me.
My nails dug into the tense muscles of his back, clenched tight as he rocked against me sensually, seeking pleasure.
Wait, damn it! How many layers? he grumbled impatiently, tugging my dress up.
Icouldnt believe we were about to do this here, in this dark little room, with the water falling and disappearing into the rustic drain on the raw concrete floor.
Aaahh, I gasped when I felt his fingers teasing my soaked pussy over my panties.
Shhh, you re so wet...
Hold up your dress and lift it.
Come on, baby, I know you want me.
Im dying to be inside you again, to fill you up.
Come ---- on, my Duchess...
It was my arousal, my mind overwhelmed by lustI only heard the erotic part.
I lifted my dress, followed his orders, exposing my undergarments.
His greedy hands grabbed my thighs, squeezing them as he leaned forward, burying his nose deep between my breasts, inhaling like an addict.
Fuck, I dont know what to do first...
Should I devour these tits or go straight to your tight little pussy? Mmm...
Better both at the same time...
Aaahhh, Elliot...
Yes, say my name, my woman...
Mmm, youre so wet...
shhh, you feel so fucking good...
His fingers yanked the fabric aside and began exploring between my swollen folds, searching for the entrance to my desperate pussy.
His sinful mouth started sucking my hardened nipples through the damp fabric of my dress, crazed like a beast in heat, growling and setting me on fire in the most indecent way.
I spread my legs, tilting my head back and closing my eyes, biting my lip to keep from moaning too loudly when he began thrusting two fingers into me, smoothly, in and out, over and over again...
My fists clenched the ruffles of my dress, keeping it lifted just so he could have his way.
Baby, let me take you.
Say yes.
Damn it, I swear everything will be fine, we'll talk, but right now I need you...
shhh...
Ineed you...
he suddenly whispered, moving up to capture my lips again.
His fingers pumped inside my pussy, pulling tiny cries of pleasure from
###Chapter 655
---- me.
My cunt throbbed, desperate to feel that cock again, the one Id been stroking just moments ago.
Iwas angry, but I was so much hornier.
Besides, I needed a baby and, damn it, I needed an orgasm too.
Do it...
Mmm, and you better not have lied to me, or I swear I cut it off later...
Ah...
I didnt even finish speaking before he had me pinned against the wall again.
He held me by my bare thighs, my dress completely bunched up like a common whore.
My hands clung to his neck.
He was just about to lift me onto his body and fuck me raw, so dominant, so fucking delicious.
Tached to feel him inside me again, to have him spill into me abundantly this time by my own choice.
Later, I would figure out why this change, why this sudden desire for Rossella.
It didnt seem fake.
The Duke wanted me.
But just before he could lift me into the air and take me to heaven, he tensed up, froze mid-motion, and turned his head.
I could swear he was sniffing the air, his eyes unfocused.
Damn it, no way! he muttered under his breath.
Not even a second later, I heard distant footsteps and a womans voice near the stables.
Duke, are you there? Elliot? ---- It was that bitch Brendas voice, ruining everything and completely dousing my heat.
Ipushed at Elliot, trying to move away from him.
The whiplash from being so aroused to so cold was unbearable.
No, he said in a low voice, holding me back.
Yes.
I think your lover is looking for you.
This was a mistake.
Its obvious you re lying to me.
I saw you, DukeI saw you kissing her in the library, I confessed with a bitter laugh, trying to mask my disappointment with sarcasm.
T was ending things with her, and that was just a dramatic scene.
No, I didnt lie to you.
No, wait...
Look at me, darling...
Dont call me that anymore, I turned my face away when he tried to kiss me.
T will keep calling you that because you are my wife.
Or do you prefer another name? he suddenly asked, catching me off guard.
Another...
another name, no.
Just Rossella, just Duchess, I answered, doubt gnawing at my heart.
Why did I feel like the Duke had been hinting at something this whole time? Theres only one way to prove my words to you.
I1I do it with actions...
He turned for amoment and yanked the shower curtain open completely, the rings sliding to the side on the wooden rod, exposing us to the dark corridor between the stalls.
What are you...? Ahhh, wait, Elliot! Mmmm...
no, wait...
---- As the footsteps and the voice drew closer, boots clacking against the old wooden planks, a huge, naked, and aroused man knelt between my legs, spreading them open, hiking my wet dress higher over my pale, exposed thighs, and burying his mouth lustfully into my most intimate place.
Mmmm! Aaah...
moaned, pushing my hips forward, my back pressed against the wooden wall.
Elliot pulled my panties down to my knees and used his lips to suck my clit and lick my pussy.
The footsteps grew closer and closer...
###Chapter 656
---- 357.
DO YOU UNDERSTAND OR MORE CLEARLY? BRENDA Iwas furious and wounded by Elliots public rejection.
I thought he was truly leaving me for a new lover.
That story about wanting to be with his wifeI didnt buy it.
And yet, here he was, using her as an excuse once again in front of everyone.
I watched him walk away in a hurry, and soon enough, I had that idiot Thesio trailing behind me.
What an insufferable, overbearing man! He brought me boxes of giftsthe shine of the jewels did dazzle me fora second.
Thesio wasnt an ugly man; he had aged well.
A widower with no children, willing to give me the title of Duchess that so many women longed for.
But seeing his face, already nearing forty-five, and knowing that this simple elemental would soon be an old man while I remained in my prime as a supernatural being, was more than enough to dissuade me and clear my mind.
Not to mention, I didnt trust him enough to reveal myself as a she-wolf.
He had me nearly cornered against the librarys divan, groping me all over while whispering lewd words into my ear.
I was on the verge of unsheathing my claws and exposing myself, rage boiling in my veins, when something unexpected saved me at the last second.
His assistant knocked on the door and stepped inside, forcing him to pull away from me with an irritated expression.
Thesio stood to speak with the man, who whispered something in his ---- ear; but I had excellent hearing.
He had said: You must return to the castle, Your Excellency.
I believe the Duke of Everhart has discovered our dealings, and his men are planning to sabotage us.
Istraightened immediately, pretending I hadnt heard a thing.
My dear, Im sorry, but I must leave, he approached me in hurried strides.
Before I could fully stand, he grabbed my waist, pulling me flush against his body.
Without giving me time to react, he pressed a wet kiss onto my lips.
sapphire, think carefully about my proposal.
Each day I grow more impatient, woman.
I need an heir for my duchy, he murmured against my mouth as I struggled to break free.
Brenda! His angry voice made me stop, his eyes locking onto mine.
That man will never give you your rightful place, and hes headed for ruin.
I know youre a smart womanbeauty doesnt last forever, do you understand? Are you threatening me? I hissed through clenched teeth.
Tm giving you an ultimatum.
You could rise to the top by my side, or with the Duke of Everhart, you only ever be a mistress he Il discard when he tires of fucking you.
He spoke with contempt, colder than he ever had before.
The jealousy was evident in his venomous words, his warnings cutting ---- deeper than I wanted to admit.
Still, I pressed my lips together and remained silent.
T will be hosting a grand party at my castle soon.
I expect you to attend.
And if you do, know that I will take it as a yes.
Your parents and you can move to my territory, he proposed bluntly, skipping any pretense this time.
You will live a life youve never even dreamed of.
I desire you so much, you untamed woman.
When he leaned in to kiss me again, I turned my face away; his lips landed on my cheek instead, and he pulled back with a sigh.
Soon, you wont have many options left, he said before storming off with his assistant, slamming the door behind him.
Thad to warn Elliot that this man knew about whatever plans he had against him.
Grabbing my dress, I hurried out of the mansion.
As I reached the side gardens, I heard gasps and the neighing of horses.
I glanced toward the entrance, hiding behind one of the tall hedges.
Thesio was galloping away with his men, abandoning the party.
Thad to move quickly.
Elliots scent was fading into the forest, a confusing trail amidst so many others.
It led me to the fairgrounds of those lowborn peasants.
What the hell was he doing among this rabble? They fought and drank, their dances loud, filthy, and vulgar.
I skirted the forest, avoiding their territory, but I was losing Elliots trail.
Worse, I could swear the scent of that womanthe Duchesswas lingering in the air as well.
###Chapter 657
---- What is this? I murmured, crouching near some bushes.
It was Elliots cloak.
I brought it to my nose, inhaling his intoxicating scentso masculine, his perfume heating me up.
I glanced in one direction, and with the scent now fresh in my memory, I was able to locate him more easily.
I hid the cloak exactly where I had found it.
I didnt understand why it was here, but I left it untouched.
Walking quickly over the uneven ground, dirt clung to my high heels.
I stepped into the darkness, heading toward an isolated, silent place the large stables.
Elliot? I called out in a low voice.
What was he doing here, in these old, animal-filled, manure-scented, filthy stalls? Tentered one of them, my wolf eyes adjusting to the dim light.
Astrong, wild, and lustful scent hit me all at once.
It came from the back, and my sensitive ears caught the sound of water falling, murmurs, and...
moans.
Dont go any further, Brenda.
Nothing good will come from this.
Lets leave, forget that man, my wolf warned me.
But like a masochist, I refused to listen.
My heart pounded, my feet carried me closer and closer.
Like a fool, I called him again so hed know I was there.
There was no way he hadnt noticed me already.
The scent of that damn woman defiled my lungs, her disgusting aroma of arousal, lust, and desire.
And Elliots lewd growls...
---- Iknew his aura too well when he was in heat, when he was burning with need.
I stopped in the hallway, frozen in place, my entire body turning cold.
My eyes couldnt look away from the shocking scene before me.
Elliot, on his knees, completely naked, between that womans spread legs.
It was painfully obvious what he was doing to her, his head moving forward, his moans of pleasure filling my ears.
He was devouring her, eating her outsomething he had only done for me once, and reluctantly at that.
He never repeated it.
And with that prudish bitch, he was kneeling to please her.
My gaze trailed up her bodyone bare thigh resting on the Dukes strong shoulder, leaning back against the wall, her dress drenched, nearly transparent, hiked up like a whore letting a client feast on her pussy.
She was groping her own breasts, her expression...
Damn it...
her expression was pure bliss, eyes shut, head tilted back.
Of course, she was enjoying itthat man could make any woman see heaven.
I took a step forward, my canines dangerously elongating, my claws sharpening.
The hatred fueled my blind rage; I wanted to rip that orgasmic look off her face, I hated her so much.
My wolf warned me to leave, that we were going to expose ourselves, but I felt so utterly humiliated.
---- Elliot knew I was here.
He was doing this to provoke me! In the darkness, she opened her eyes and met mine, mocking me, a cynical smile tugging at the corner of her lips.
Mmm...
My Duke, fuck me deeper with your tongue...
sshhh, you suck me so damn good, my man...
Aaah, eat my pussy, baby, your wifes, your one and only Duchess...
She moaned right in my face.
Lowering her hand, she gripped Elliots hair, pushing his head deeper between her thighs.
###Chapter 658
---- 358.
THE POOR FUGITIVE DUKE BRENDA Icould hear him swallowing, the obscene sound of his saliva mixing with her juices, not even the running water could mask it.
He dropped a hand and started stroking his cock.
His back was to me, but everything he was doing was painfully obvious.
He wasnt faking ithis desire for that woman poured from every pore of his body.
It was as if I werent here, as if I didnt exist.
Tears pricked the corners of my eyes.
I had never felt so discarded; it was clear he had chosen her over me.
Aweak elemental who could never give him what I couldsomeone of his own kind, someone who could keep his secret, who could satisfy his beastly side.
I couldnt take it anymore and ran off into the forest.
Disappointment and jealousy burned through my soul.
Fuck him! Lets see what he does when Thesio crushes his plans.
Iwouldnt warn him.
He made his choice, and I made mine.
sek KATHERINE Imoaned loudly as the tingling in my stomach tightened, my vaginal muscles clenching, releasing my honey for Elliots lips and tongue to drink.
Icame ina delicious orgasm, overwhelmed with pleasure.
I felt satisfied in so many ways.
Panting, lips parted, I glanced down, running my fingers through his dark, wet hair.
---- He gave one last lick, pressing hot kisses over my sensitive folds.
His eyes opened from below, that electric blue shining in the darkness.
This man was seeping under my skin in a way I couldnt begin to understand.
He helped lower the thigh I had rested on his shoulder.
I trembled from the effort, my legs weak.
This really wasnt the most comfortable place in the world.
Elliot stood up, his possessive hand wrapping around my waist.
I steadied myself against his chest.
Are you satisfied? he asked, his deep, guttural voice laced with dominance.
His rock-hard erection pressed insistently against me, demanding its reward.
Well, alittle, I teased, shrugging nonchalantly.
Then Ill have to try harder.
Time for the main course.
He pressed fully against me, his heavy breaths fanning my skin.
Not even the cold water could extinguish the fire between us.
He lowered his head, licking my bottom lip before pulling it between his teeth, sucking on it erotically.
One of his hands kneaded my breasts while the other snuck between my legs again.
Elliot, this place is strange...
The only strange thing is that Im about to come without even being inside you, you damn tease.
Turn around, press against the wall, and spread your legs, he commanded, relentless, a beast in heat.
I swallowed and glanced down at his cock.
Even in the dim light, it looked imposinghe must have been in pain.
###Chapter 659
---- I could just imagine the heavy sacs filled with his seed.
I licked my lips, remembering the blissful sensations of having him inside me.
Finally, I turned around, placing one hand on the wet wooden panels, the other gripping my dress at my waist, leaving the lower half of my body exposed at his mercy, for his pleasure.
Mmmm, I moaned in anticipation as his rough hands spread my cheeks, his fingers stroking along my slit.
The head of his cock slid up and down, soaking itself in my arousal, in his own saliva.
I rose onto the tips of my boots, arching my ass toward him, making it easier for him.
I could already feel him curving over my back, pressing against my entrance; his tip slid in smoothly, and Elliot groaned against my nape.
My fingers clenched against the wood, my breathing ragged.
Lust was devouring my sanity.
I spread my legs wider, surrendering.
ssshhh, aahhh, I threw my head back, moaning as he pushed deeper, filling me with his thick, throbbing cock.
Imelted around him.
Fuck, mmm, my Duchess, I love your tight lit Who the fuck is in there?! A sudden roar from the stables entrance froze us in place.
Petunia, you better not be in there, or Im cutting your lovers cock off! Uncle, I dont think its her, lets just go and leave people alone! another voice called, but the footsteps didnt stop.
Even if its someone else, how dare they fuck where we wash?! Other ---- voices joined in the shouting.
Panic struck me.
What if they found us like this?! Lets go, let me go, Elliot, wake up, we need to leave! I turned, frantically motioning at him, my silent screams of urgency.
Elliots expression shifted from lust to shock, then pure furyhe looked like he wanted to rip someone apart.
For amoment, I thought he would storm out there naked to fight them.
I grabbed his arm with all my strength, yanked my dress down, snatched my panties and his clothes from the hook.
We slipped out of the shower stall and into the corridor.
The torchlight was getting closer; for a second, I stood frozen, unsure of where to run.
We were going to get caught! This way, Elliot snapped into action.
He pulled me to the side, shoving us into an empty pen that had a small window.
Jump, hurry! he urged, lifting me by the waist and setting me on the ledge.
I swung one leg over, then the other, landing in the chilly forest air.
Elliot followed right after, leaping out with ease.
Grabbing the heavy, wet clothes, he took my hand, and we bolted from the furious shouts behind us.
YOU PERVERTS, IF I CATCH YOU, YOULL REGRET IT! LEAVING YOUR FILTH IN THE SHOWERS! IF I FIND YOU, ILL CUT.
YOUR DAMN DICK OFF WITH A SICKLE! The angry curses faded behind us.
I looked ahead, stumbling slightly, barely able to see the ground.
But the moonlight illuminated him in front of me.
---- Agrin spread across my lips as I caught sight of his bare ass, imagining the elephant trunk bouncing in front of him.
Who would have thought? The Duke of Everhart, running through the woods with his balls out, a fugitive, almost caught in the act.
I stared intently at Elliot.
He was no longer that cold, unreachable man.
He felt warmer, closer.
The worst part was realizing how much I wanted to uncover every facet of himto know his darkest secrets, his desires, his cravings.
Iwas beginning to want this man for myself.
###Chapter 660
---- 359.
INCREASE MY PENSION! KATHERINE We ran first to where Elliot had left part of his clotheshe needed to change.
Damn mosquitoes, he muttered, scratching all over, his skin glistening with sweat and the water dripping from his hair.
But now he was also covered in scratches from the branches and bug bites.
He bent down to put on his pants, giving me an unfiltered view of his rock -hard ass, completely unbothered.
Icouldnt help myselfthis whole crazy situation had made me lose a screw.
I stepped closer and, before I could even think about what I was doing, I gave his ass a firm slap, even daring to grope it a little.
Then I froze, yanking my hand back awkwardly.
I mean, how much familiarity did I think I had with Elliot to act like that?! There wasthere was a mosquito.
I just wanted to help, Istammered, avoiding his questioning gaze as he turned around, his pants still halfway down his thighs as he yanked them up.
Uh-huh, a mosquito, sure, he said, his amused tone unmistakable.
Ilooked away, clasping my tingling, guilty hands behind me.
Tonight, I had gone from rage to laughter, to combustion and back to normal again.
Who would have thought a high-society party could lead to all this? ---- Baby, I know!m irresistible, but lets wait until were in the bedroom, and then you can grope me all you want, he whispered playfully in my ear, sending a shiver down my spine.
Keep dreaming, arrogant Duke.
Hmph! I shot back, lifting my chin with dignity before walking toward where I had left my things, which wasnt too far away.
Theard his low chuckle behind me and then felt the weight of his cloak settling over my shoulders.
I pulled it closed at the front, since my dress was still a bit too revealing.
His delicious scent clung to the fabric, making me sigh, still reveling in the memory of that husband-stealing bitchs face.
Here they are, just let me grab them, I said, leaning over the hollow tree stump.
I scooped up the bundle of clothes without much thought, but suddenly, something slipped from a pocket and fell onto the grass.
I immediately remembered what it was.
Pll get it, dont worry I started to bend down, but Elliot was faster, picking up the fake necklace in his hand.
The sight of it sent a sharp pang of anger through my chest, but I was being ridiculous, getting mad over one of Rossellas stupid choices.
What the hell was she thinking, having a fake copy made of a pendant Elliot had given to his mistress? She had zero self-respect.
J didnt buy that necklace for Brenda, he said, his voice serious, his fingers tightening around it.
One day we went out, I remember she saw a display at a jewelry store and liked it.
She asked for the money to have it made, and I gave it to her.
###Chapter 661
---- But it wasnt a special gift or anything.
Still, the jeweler said it was ordered under the name of the Duke of Everhart, I pointed out, jealousy slipping into my tone.
According to Brenda, it sounded like a special order from him.
She must have arranged it that way, but I never set foot in that shop.
I just gave her the money, Duchess...
Did you always give her a lot of money? That piece costs a small fortune.
Does she get a pension like I do? I raised a brow, confronting him.
Iwas in jealous, possessive wife mode, and I had no intention of stopping.
He froze mid-step in the shadows, his gaze filled with contradictions.
Thoped he wasnt considering lying to me.
1...
[did give her a pension.
But Ill cancel it immediately! Please, believe me! He reached for my arms, but I stepped back.
How much are we talking? Is her pension higher than mine? Oh, wait, why am I even asking something so obvious? I clicked my tongue, nodding, crossing my arms over my chest.
No wonder her friends called my Duchess allowance a crumb that wasnt even enough for a decent necklace...
That wont be the case anymore.
Let go of me! I tried to shove him away when he suddenly wrapped his arms possessively around my shoulders.
Honestly, I had no idea what had gotten into meI wasnt even the real Rossella! ---- As soon as we get home, well talk.
I dont trust this place, but we need to talk, he said, leaning closer.
His whisper fluttered over my lips like butterfly wings, his stormy blue eyes filled with unspoken thoughts.
Elliot had repeated this so many times tonight.
Something told me he had figured something out about me.
Did he know I wasnt Rossella? If he had checked the asylum records, maybe hed found my medical files ...
That would explain his sudden shift in behavior.
Still, had he discovered anything about the magic? I tensed at the possibility.
But if he had truly uncovered my supernatural nature, he would have already turned me in...
right? Dont be afraid.
Look at me, look at me closely.
Believe me when I say this: no matter what it is, I will protect you, I will accept you, and I want you.
Only you.
His hand gently cupped my chin, his expression unwavering and full of certainty.
My heart raced wildly.
His words made me feel exposed.
But how had he figured it out? Had I been that obvious? And what if...
what if this was just a trap? No.
Iwouldnt confess anything.
I wouldnt give in so easily.
I didnt trust him completely.
I was still afraid...
1...
[dont know...
Tts okay, Im not asking you for any explanations.
I just want you to know you dont have to be afraid with me.
We II talk at the castle, calmly, he assured me.
---- I pressed my lips together, remaining silent.
Id just wait and see how much we really needed to talk about.
And as for your Duchess pension...
You can write in any amount you want on the monthly check.
Ill leave it blank for you, he suddenly changed the entire mood.
His voice dropped into a teasing murmur as he added, All Task in return are your modest wife duties...
in my bed, every night.
###Chapter 662
---- 360.
THE FLOOR OF THE MARGINALIZED KATHERINE His hand moved up, brushing against my parted lips, tracing their outline while his eyes devoured me, brimming with promises and desire.
What...
what modest services in your chamber? Do you need me to clean? I asked, feigning innocence.
Remembering the last intimate services I had providedones he hadnt even paid me for.
Pft, I think you know exactly what I want from you.
Ive given you pleasure tonight, and youve left me hanging several times, he murmured seductively, leaning in closer.
J doubt you ll have any trouble earning those checks, my Duchess.
And with that indecent proposition, he grabbed my hand and led us through the forest back to the mansion.
I followed in silence, my mind spinning from all the veiled hints and where they were leading.
We were both an absolute mess, and as we stepped into the garden grounds, the people we passed gave us odd looks.
But Elliot didnt stop to explain himself.
The music from the ballroom had quieted; the guests were already retreating to the chambers prepared for them.
We slipped in through a side door, not wanting to draw too much attention.
your Excellency, someone was looking foroh, by the Majesty! Did ---- something happen to you in our lands? The lady of the house gasped as she took in our disheveled appearance, pressing a hand to her mouth in shock.
Tf the peasants of my estate have harmed you in any way, Ill call my husband at once No, no, dont worry.
Nothing happened, we just went for a walk, Elliot brushed it off, not bothering with further explanations.
My eyes subtly flicked down to his crotch at least the beast had gone back into its cave.
Otherwise, how humiliating would that have been? Of course, well, if you follow me, IIl show you to your rooms.
She led us upstairs to the second floor, where a hallway stretched with doors on one side and tall windows on the other.
This will be the Duchesss chamber.
A maid will be attending to you, she said, directing her words to me as she opened the door.
Her manners were impeccable.
But it didnt escape my notice that she obviously treated Elliot with far more distinction.
And lets not forgetshe was separating us instead of arranging for us to share a bed, when we were clearly married.
No, Your Excellency, your chamber is on the third floor, she added when Elliot made to follow me inside.
What sense does it make to put me in a separate room from my wife? Elliot asked, frowning, his voice cold and irritated.
Tts just that the third floor...
I thoughtI mean, I assumed...
she stammered nervously, looking at Elliot as if to say, ?I thought I was doing you a favor by keeping you away from your clingy wife?
###Chapter 663
---- Not to mention, even though I wasnt nobility myself, I knew the basics of etiquette: the higher the floor in a mansion, the more distinguished the guests.
Me, on the second floor, with the nobodies.
And the Duke of Everhart? Likely on the same level as Zafiro.
Well, you assumed very wrong! Elliot snapped, his fury barely contained.
Its best to follow the hosts arrangements, dont get upset, Duke.
I ll see you in the morning, rest well, I said, grabbing the doorknob and closing the door in his stunned face.
Wait, Duchess! BAM.
Islammed the door shut on his incredulous, pissed-off expression.
Then, when he tried to open it, I locked it for good measure.
That was for being an idiotparading around as a cheating bastard and not even bothering to hide his mistress properly.
Now, everyone saw me as a joke.
How dare they separate us into different rooms?! This is an insult to both me and my wife! I heard his furious roar from the hallway.
Ipressed my ear against the wooden door to eavesdrop.
J...
[didnt know, I thought you...
you know, wanted to be on the same floor as...
well, as...
As who?! You have no right to assume what I do or do not want! If Ihad wanted something, I would have informed the staff myself! ---- Whats going on? Duke, please, calm down, a mans voice cut init was the host.
Bertha, apologize to His Excellency for whatever idiocy youve done.
Tm so sorry, Your Grace, please...
Tam not the one you should be apologizing toits my wife.
And needless to say, we will not be attending any more of your gatherings in the future.
Wait, Your Excellency, please...! But despite the desperate apologies, Elliots boots stormed down the hallway.
Do you see what youve done, you idiot?! came a furious whisper nearby.
Duke Thesio left abruptly, and now youve angered Duke Elliot.
Im going to skin you alive for this! II thought he wanted to be with his mistress! I only did it to keep him away from that clingy wife of his...
Shut up! The sharp sound ofa slap echoed, followed by the noblewomans muffled sobs.
Tts obvious things have changed between the Dukes! Did you not see how they disappeared together, or the state they returned in?! The couple is reconciling, and you pull this stunt.
Come! No, no, Ill apologize to the Duchess tomorrowtonight if you want Youre coming to our chamber NOW.
Dont make your night any ---- worse! Their dragging footsteps faded down the hallway.
I stepped away from the door.
I felt bad for her, but honestly? It was about time people respected me and stopped treating me like the abandoned wife.
Where had Elliot gone? Would he come back? I didnt know, but I turned and entered the simple bedroom.
It hada small tea reception areajust two sofas and a low table.
Past an archway was the sleeping quarters, where a large canopy bed awaited me.
The closet was modest, the dresser empty.
My belongings sat untouched at the side, still packed.
I sighed, thinking about those pampered duchesses who had servants wiping their asses for them, while I couldnt even get someone to unpack my damn trunk.
I knelt in front of the chest, opening it to grab something comfortable to sleep in.
Then, a thought crossed my mindmaybe something sexy? I didnt know, but maybe someone would be visiting me tonight.
A sudden knock at the door made me jump.
I walked over, heart pounding, hoping I wouldnt be in for another unpleasant surprise.
###Chapter 664
---- 361.
MAKING LOVE BETWEEN DIAMONDS KATHERINE When I opened it, fortunately, it was just a maid preparing my bath.
"Come in," I instructed, diving back into my preparations.
"Your Ladyship, I can arrange your clothes," she immediately offered with a submissive stance.
Id bet anything that this overly "attentive" service was a reflection of the hosts' sudden change in attitude.
"Not necessary, just prepare the bath properly.
Is there any essence?" "Yes, yes, rose, grapefruit, and also lavender.
If youd prefer another..." "Lavender is fine," I chose randomly.
Isat in front of the mirror and started untangling the mess of damp hair.
What a sight I was.
"It's ready," she informed me after some time.
"You may leave," I said, watching her through the reflection.
"If youd like, I could give you a massage, or bring you an aromatic candle, or..." "T dont need anything else, thank you.
You may go," I repeated, not rudely, but firmly.
She bowed her head in acknowledgment and left, closing the door behind her.
I genuinely felt sorry for her.
If only she knew that her intentions had ---- been sincere from the start.
But now, I was the one who no longer wanted the hostess's false kindness.
I stepped into the bath and washed myself thoroughly...
every inch.
I dont know, I had this feeling that today, Id start paying for my increased pension.
Icame out in my white robe, barefoot, the warmth of the fireplace crackling from a corner, heating my skin.
Drying my hair a little, feeling relaxed, I grabbed one of the books I had brought and lay on the bed, reading by candlelight.
And then, I waited...
and waited.
Every slight noise outside made me tense up, expectant.
Thadn't locked the door after the maid left, so anyone could enter from the hallway.
Yet, as the hours passed, Elliot...
didnt seem to be coming to my room.
What are you waiting for? For him to come begging on his knees like some lovestruck fool? Seriously, Katherine, wake up.
What are you doing? "T muttered, gripping the pillow and burying my face into it.
I wanted to slap myself for being so stupid.
Just because of a little attention, I was confusing things with Elliot.
Icouldn't afford to let myself get carried away with that man.
But he was giving me such mixed signals.
Ino longer knew what he had figured out, how much, or what exactly was brewing between us.
###Chapter 665
---- Iwas staring at the headboard, lost in my thoughts, when a sound from the entrance made me snap back.
The doorknob was turning.
I lifted my torso, propping myself up on my elbows, book in hand, pretending to read seriously.
Teven hiked my robe up just enough to reveal a tantalizing view of my legs and thighs, one loose sleeve slipping off my shoulder, my hair falling freely to one side.
The door closed softly, and the carpet muffled his footsteps as he walked deeper into the room.
Icouldnt see himI was facing away from the entrance but that dominant presence, that intoxicating cologne...
I knew very well it was Elliot.
My entire traitorous body hummed with pleasure, even as my mind warned me not to give in too easily.
Id make him work for it first.
His intense gaze devoured meI could feel it from the foot of the bed.
"Are you going to stand there all night like some stalker? What brings you to the floor of the outcasts?" I huffed, flipping a page of the bookI wasnt even reading.
"I went to retrieve my apology gift for everything that went wrong tonight.
It was my fault.
You deserve nothing but the best.
You will never wear anything fake again.
The finest jewels and gems belong to my dear wife," his deep voice resonated with the crackling fire.
I felt the bed dip.
Before I could turn to see what he was doing, I heard the rustling of silk, ---- the whisper of air, and thenthings started falling onto the mattress around me.
Cool and gleaming, beautiful, magnificentthick gold and silver chains, stones polished in red, green, blue, white...
pendants, rings, earrings, bracelets...
1 had no idea how many priceless, exquisite jewels were now raining down on me.
He pulled them from small silk pouches and velvet boxes.
Where had he gotten them? Had he gone to a jeweler at this hour? "Elliot..." I whispered in disbelief, looking up at him, his eyes bluer than the genuine sapphires now surrounding me on the white sheets.
"T prefer the floor of the outcasts.
Wherever my Duchess is, that is my place," he murmured, his gaze darkening with desire as he trailed it over my body.
His hands moved to his shirt, slowly unbuttoning it just for me.
He had already paid all his overdue debts, and now it was time for me to provide my "modest services." "Do what you want.
But dont think some trinkets are going to buy me Im not that easy," I said, tuning back to "read my book," arching my backside just a little more, as if I werent interested.
My whole body trembled in anticipation.
If anyone heard me calling these fortunes "trinkets," theyd think I was a raving lunatic.
Theard the belt hit the floor, the whisper of fabric slipping off his body, the soft exhales as he kicked off his boots.
The bed dipped again, and a wicked smile curled my lips.
My tongue ---- flicked subtly across them.
A delicious touch glided over my legs, trailing up my calves, sending shivers across my skin.
It reached the hem of my robe over my backside, and soon, hed discover the little surprise I had prepared just for him.
Mmm...
making love to this wild and masculine man, draped in exquisite jewels like a queen...
didnt seem like a bad idea at all.
###Chapter 666
---- 362.
I LOVE MY DUKE KATHERINE "shhh, this can't be...
mmm, you're going to drive me insane, you shameless woman...
Theard him groan hoarsely as he lifted the edge of my nightgown, exposing my buttocksand in the process, my intimacy.
Completely naked, no panties, all I had to do was spread my legs, and that mast would sink into me completely.
"Mmmm," I pressed my lips tightly to keep from letting out little whore- like sounds while Elliot kneaded my thighs and ass with those big hands of his.
He hissed in arousal, spreading them apart to probe my soaked slit with his fingers.
This was so eroticI loved having him drooling over me.
"Aah..." "Spread your legs wider and lift your ass," he ordered relentlessly, his voice dripping with dominance, like a desperate beast.
"And what if I don't want to?" SMACK! "ant" Imoaned, turned on, as he slapped my ass in punishment, burning with need at his provocations, his fingertips running over my perineum, seeking my pussy.
"Don't play with me anymore, Duchess.
Believe me, I'm at my limit.
Open your legs for your man, right fucking now!" His dominant words burned my ears, his breath brushing against my thighs.
---- Elliot had leaned in close to my sex.
I thought about teasing him further, but...
"Mmmm, Elliot..." I vibrated with pleasure, feeling the tip of his tongue licking my tender flesh, reddened from his spankings.
I folded my legs, resting on my knees.
I lifted my hips, raising my pelvis off the mattress, arching my back, exposing my pussy to his wild gaze, to his sinful mouth that sucked and nipped at me.
Istared at the ceiling, lost in lust.
My lashes fluttered, tingles running down my spine, his fingers parting my petals, and once again, that sweet sensation of his mouth devouring me, preparing me for him.
Elliot plunged his tongue inside, so long and flexible, so delicious.
I could hear him panting and growling, kneeling behind my ass.
I tugged at the buttons of my robe, pulling them apart, exposing my large, hardened breasts that spilled free, brushing against the bed, my nipples aching, desperate for his attention.
"Aahbh...
Elliot...
mmmm...
The moans escaped my lips.
I spread my legs wider to welcome two fingers that began to impale me, masturbating me fast, deep, pumping into my pussy.
My hips rolled back.
I said no with my mouth, but my entire body screamed for him to take me.
Ineeded to feel him filling me again.
A gust of air blew out the candle on the nightstand, and immediately
###Chapter 667
---- after, the dominant weight of my Duke pressed against my back.
His hard, defined muscles trapped me against the mattress, his pelvis brushing against my ass, and I could feel that stiff cock pressing against my drenched, dilated center.
Why did you blow out the candle? Can't you see I was reading?" I had the audacity, the nerve, to complain when just a second ago, I was melting under his fingers.
"Does reading entertain you more than making love to your husband?" His calloused hand, propped on an elbow, circled my throat, forcing me to stay pinned against him, his mouth whispering in my ear, his hips rolling sensually against my body.
His erect cock massaged my slick slit, sliding up and down, making obscene, wet sounds that drove me insane, battling against my need to beg him to just fuck me already.
"T dont know, maybe, I just..." "Or does it turn you on more to sneak into my room at night and ride me when you think I'm asleep? Mmm...
For the second round, I can pretend again, darling, and you can fuck me just as good as that night...
shhh..." I froze when I heard him.
He wouldnt stop provoking me.
My mind short-circuitedhow...
how did he know?! There was no way he was awake that day! That magical fuck was bullshit! Iwas about to open my mouth to defend myself, but all I could do was scream like a whore when I felt that thick, veined cock slam into me from behind.
Aaahhh!..." "Shhhh...
My memories didn't do justice to this hot pussy...
Mmm...
mmm.
---- ..
gggrr" he thrust forward, impaling me vigorously.
My folds yielded, stretching to accommodate his size, my pussy eager to swallow him whole.
My throat vibrated against his hand, still dominating me by the neck, while Elliot moved like an animal in heat over my body, driving his burning cock in and out to the hilt.
In the dim light, the fire from the fireplace cast his silhouette, moving above mine, sweating profusely, flexing with every thrust, groaning hoarsely against my hair.
His obsessive mouth always sought my nape, licking and nibbling, sucking and worshiping me.
Icouldnt form a coherent thought, only keep my legs spread for his assault, my fists clenched against the damp sheets, breathless moans spilling from my lips that wouldnt stop screaming, begging for more and more...
His hands slid down the front of my torso, seizing my aching breasts, kneading them with lust, playing with my nipples between his fingers.
So many overwhelming sensations dragged me down the path of no return.
"Shhhh, I love these huge tits, you drive me insane, woman...
mmmm...
Next time, I want to cum between them...
I want to suck them real good, just like I did with your pussy..." "Aaahh, Elliot...
Elliot, touch me harder, I want you fast...
aahh..."" "Yes, yes, fuck, call my name, call me, my Duchess...
ggrrr...
my woman...
my mate...''his voice grew rougher, stranger, as his hips pounded into me, his cock hitting that spot that drove me wild.
---- Elliot seemed more beast than man, and instead of scaring me, it was turning me on like never before.
###Chapter 668
---- 363.
THE SECRETS THAT UNITE US.
KATHERINE I started moving backward, impaling myself on that enormous cock, twisting my waist, chasing my orgasm, which wouldnt take long to hit.
Cum for me, baby...
aagggr...
Come on, Katherine, cum for your man, my true wife, only mine...
ah, yes, yes, fuck, so damn good...
Aahhhh! I moaned loudly, shattering into a thousand pieces at the sound of him calling my namemy name, not my sisters, not Rossellas.
He was making love to me, and he knewit.
Every filthy word, every passionate action, was for me alone.
Before I could even catch my breath, still trembling as I spilled all over his cock, Elliot pulled back, kneeling behind my ass.
Something sharp and hard dug into my hips, making me cry out in both pain and pleasure.
He fucked me like a wild animal.
The bed shook violently, the metallic sounds of jewelry clinking as they slipped off and fell to the floor.
My open pussy could do nothing but take it, take all of it.
My ass bounced hard, my breasts swayedmy vision blurred from how intense, how addictive, how utterly obscene it was.
Athick liquid trickled down the inside of my thighs.
Iclung to the sheets, surrendering to this dominant, visceral man, letting him take my sanity, making me truly live.
The aftershocks of my orgasm merged into another as I felt him growl, ---- driving himself deep into the core of my pussy.
His cock swelled, stretching me even further, beyond belief.
It hurt a little, but in the most depraved, primal waydiscomfort blending into my release, into pure, mind-numbing bliss.
Scorching lava poured inside me in heavy spurts as Elliot came.
I spread my legs wider, nearly pressed flat to the bed, on all fours, my ass grinding against his abdomen.
My Duke! I couldnt stop myself from moaning, floating in limbo.
Aheat, a powerful energy, surged up my belly from the depths of my core, filling me, overflowing with his seed.
It coursed through my body, fluttering in my chest.
Ireached a hand downsomething was strengthening inside me, magic surging, intoxicated and turned on by the sheer power Elliot was pouring into me, and I had no idea how to control it.
So many signs planted a certainty in my mindElliot wasnt just an ordinary elemental.
He had to be something more...
something supernatural.
Instead of scaring me, that realization made me let out a breath of relief.
Thad always feared being discovered by him, but clearly, he already had.
That would also explain why the spell hadnt worked on him.
Now, knowing we shared these dangerous secrets, I felt that it would only draw our hearts closer together.
Adizzy spell made me close my eyesI was drenched in sweat, breathing hard, collapsing fully onto the mattress.
###Chapter 669
---- I felt him lie down over my back.
The last thing I knew before passing out was his tongue trailing obsessively along my nape, while his body still shuddered, riding out a delicious orgasm inside my satisfied pussy.
ook ELLIOT Talmost lost control completely.
Making love to her had been mind-blowingand dangerous, especially ina house that wasnt ours.
I growled softly against her skin, my oversized canines uncomfortably pressing past my lips.
Every repressed instinct in me screamed to bite her.
To mark her deep.
I didnt understand itI didnt want to hurt her.
Ipulled her tightly against my chest, shutting my eyes, struggling to control my wild nature, fighting against all these raw, primal sensations that Katherine ignited in my body, in my very soul.
Why did everything feel so special, so right with her? My tongue flicked over her neck, tasting her sweat, the scent of lavender soothing my inner beast, taming it.
I still wasnt done coming, fuck, I had never cum this much beforeI thought my limit had been that night she had ridden me like a queen.
I tried to pull out, only to realize my cock was stuckhalfway lodged inside her.
Mmmm, it hurts...
Kath whimpered beneath me, her voice husky and ---- slutty as hell, the way I fucking loved it.
She was hoarse from moaning my name.
Good thing I had made sure no one else was staying in this wing of the mansion.
Just imagining another man hearing her like this, in our bed, drove me insane with jealousy.
Wait, baby...
just a moment...
mmm...
I shifted, damn itI could already feel that thing inside me, the thick knot that always threatened to push out during sex.
Brenda hadnt known much about our race either.
Her wolf had said it was meant for breedingand that had scared me shitless.
Inever came inside her.
I made sure she drank herbal infusions and used those vaginal sponges.
I had never wanted to get her pregnant.
But now...
With my cock still trapped inside, I pushed in a little deeper, losing myself in the raw pleasure of filling her.
I was certain that thing hadnt even reached its full size yetfuck, I didnt even want to imagine how massive it would get during those special days my woman would inevitably go through.
ssshhh, Im going to put a baby in you, my Duchess.
Didnt you want an heir? Mmm...
lets make several, my beautiful mate...
I caressed her shoulders.
Ibrushed her sweaty hair aside, pressing soft kisses to her skinbut I still couldnt control these damn beasts canines pushing out of my gums.
I propped myself on my armsI was too heavy, I didnt want to crush her.
Then, I looked downthe scent of her sweet blood flooded my nose.
---- There were puncture wounds on her hips.
I lifted a hand to examine myself.
Shit.
Those damn claws.
Sharp, deadly, unforgiving.
My heart clenched at the sight.
What the fuck was sexy about marking and puncturing your mate like this? These were the instincts of the beast that lived inside me.
At least, this time, we agreed on one thing: we were both completely bewitched by this seductive little witch.
###Chapter 670
---- 364.
SOMETHING HAS HAPPENED ELLIOT Baby? I leaned in a bit when I heard her soft snoring.
I watched her face, resting sideways on the mattress, breathing lightly, those delicious lips slightly parted.
Icouldnt help but smile like a foolthere was so much depth in what I felt for her.
I had purposely confessed that I knew her true identity.
We had an honest conversation pending.
I genuinely hoped to win her over as my greatest allya lifelong alliance.
So Ihave to stay perfectly still when you pounce on me, but youcan barely handle one round when Im the one on top? I whispered, sucking on her earlobe.
Alow moan rumbled in her throat, but she remained asleep, exhausted.
You owe me now, my dear Duchess.
Ill make sure you pay me back for the rest of your life, Katherine, I murmured, kissing her temple, hissing with pleasure as I felt my cock soften and slip free from the heat of her pussy.
Isat up, looking at the mess I had made of her body.
Leaning in, I licked the wounds on her hipsat least my saliva would help them heal faster.
Amurky, thick, white liquid trickled from her slightly parted slit, staining the sheets.
The sight was obscenefilthyand so fucking hot.
Ipushed the scattered jewelry aside, tossing them onto the rug.
I had ridden horseback all the way to the city center, waking up the best ---- jeweler just to buy his finest creationsall in my name, as gifts for my Duchess.
No one would ever humiliate her again for the way she had treated Rossella in the past.
And she had earned all of thisby forcing me to be hers.
Icleaned her up as best as I could, grabbing a damp cloth from the washroom.
I stripped her, wiped away the sweat and my marks from her body.
Lifting her into my arms, I carried her over to the chaise lounge, then set about changing the sheets with fresh ones I found in the wardrobe.
This was new for meI usually called the maids for such things.
But I wouldnt wake anyone at this hour.
And I sure as hell wouldnt let them get involved in my personal affairs.
I tossed the soiled linens into the basket in the corner.
I knew the servants would check themand report back to the hostess.
Since she loved to gossip so much, I wanted her to clearly know that I was fucking my wife very welland that I would never touch another woman, ever again.
Elliot...
no...
dont go...
Her soft hand reached for me just as I was about to stand after tucking her into the clean sheets.
Tm not leaving, baby, Im just going to wash up, I replied, kissing her hand, lowering my nose to breathe in my scent on her neck.
My possessive streak purred with satisfaction, knowing my scent was all over her skin.
I watched her in the dim light, her beautiful, sleepy eyes struggling to stay open.
She nodded slightly before drifting back into slumber.
###Chapter 671
---- It was already past midnight.
Honestly, I had feared that by the time I returned from the jeweler, she would have fallen asleepor worse, that she wouldnt let me into her chamber at all.
But, as always, she had exceeded my expectations.
I walked into the bathroom, still naked, and washed away the sweat and lingering traces of sex from my body.
Afterward, I stepped onto the balcony, pulling a small cigarette case from my pocketthe hand-rolled smokes I had bought in town.
At the same time, I yanked up my trousers, leaving my chest bare, feet still bare against the cool stone.
Topened the glass doors, quickly shutting them again to keep out the cold breeze and prevent it from snuffing out the fire.
Leaning against the stone railing, I lit the cigarillo.
linhaled the warm smoke, savoring its bold flavor, exhaling slowly as the wisps curled into the vast night sky.
Thad never felt this relaxed, this at ease, knowing I could share my secret with a woman I wanted too much.
It truly felt like she had been made for meas special, as different as I was.
They always said that smoking after good sex was a pleasure.
I had never experienced it before, but tonight, I understood exactly what they meant.
Flicking the ash over the edge, my sharp ears suddenly picked up a distant sounda horses neigh and the thunderous pounding of hooves ---- on stone.
Iturned my gaze toward the far end of the estate, toward the mansions entrance.
My pupils narrowed as I caught sight of the rider approaching at full speed, trying to make out who it was.
Who the hell was riding like a madman at this hour? It had to be an emergencysomething serious, no doubt.
I straightened abruptly, my heartbeat matching the galloping rhythm.
Then, I recognized the riderand, fuck, this was not good.
It was Vittorio.
Something very bad had happened in my Duchy if he had come personally.
Suddenly, it hit meI hadnt seen Thesio in a while.
I had assumed he was rolling around with Brenda...
Clearly, I had been dead wrong.
I snuffed out the cigarette and let outa sharp whistle, breaking the silence of the night.
The horse reared up, lifting onto its hind legs before slamming back down.
Vittorio tightened his grip, steadying the beast, before lifting his gaze toward the second floor, spotting me on the balcony.
Imotioned toward a more secluded area of the forest.
With a sharp nod, he steered the horse in that direction.
Irushed inside, checking on Kathshe was still asleep.
Grabbing my shirt, I yanked on my boots, fumbling as I fastened them, then slipped out, running silently through the mansions shadowed halls.
---- Ivanished into the darkness, heading outsidetoward whatever dangerous news my general had brought me.
###Chapter 672
---- 365.
WE HAVE TO SEPARATE ELLIOT Islipped out through a service door, my senses sharp, leading me toward the woods, staying alert for any spies who might be following me.
Pushing past the tall grass, I quickly reached the spot where a man was already waiting, dismounted from his horse.
"Vittorio, what happened?" I got straight to the point.
"My Lord, I bring news from the south.
One of our spies arrived at the border, severely wounded, and delivered a message to the sentries.
They rode all night to inform us that our men have been discovered." Ishut my eyes for a second, damn itexactly what I had feared.
"Tt seems they were cornered in the border mountains.
Duke Thesio found out about the skirmish.
They're in grave danger," he dropped the news all at once.
I tensed, worry tightening my chest, my brain working at full speed, calculating strategies.
Thad to save them.
Save Aldo, save Tomas, save my men.
"Prepare the elite warriors, quickly, Vittorio.
I want them armed to the teeth..." "Already done, my Lord.
They're waiting for us at Saint Alessandres pass, " he answered.
And that was why he was my generala hardened, perceptive man, always one step ahead of my plans.
"Good.
Go and wait for me outside these lands.
I meet you in less than ---- 365.
WE HAVE TO SEPARATE half an hour," I ordered.
Without wasting another word, I turned back toward the mansion.
Behind me, I heard him mount his horse, which neighed briefly before its hooves pounded against the ground, carrying him swiftly into the forest.
Imoved quickly, heading first to the stables, waking up the night groom.
"Saddle my black stallionnow!" I ordered sharply, watching him dash off to prepare the horse.
Now, I needed to see Katherine.
Iclimbed the stairs, running through every possible scenario in my head.
I wasnt sure...
but taking her with me wasnt an option.
Neither could I escort her back to the Duchyevery second lost was vital.
Ipushed open the door and approached the bedroom.
Elliot? Her hoarse, hesitant voice called to me from the bed.
The moonlight streamed through the windows, casting silver shadows across her form.
So beautiful.
"Baby, there's an emergency..." I said, sitting at the edge of the mattress, next to her.
What happened? Did something happen to Lavinia?" She shot up, her face filled with concern.
"No, no, dont worry, the child is fine.
It's in the southwith Aldo.
I dont know exactly what happened, but Duke Thesio found out about my plans.
I have to go save them." I frowned.
How had Thesio found out? I was certain I had kept the leak under control.
###Chapter 673
---- "Elliot...
that means there are more traitors among us," she came to the same conclusion.
Ilocked eyes with herthose sharp, intelligent brown eyes.
I loved that fire in her gaze, always so alive.
"It seems so.
I have to go now...
Katherine..." I called her name deliberately, raising my hand to caress her cheek.
Elliot, L..
[swear I "It doesn't matter.
You can explain later.
Don't be afraid.
I just need to know one thing before I leave." I leaned in, searching the depths of her soul.
"Rossella...
will she return? Will she try to blackmail me again to take your place?" "No," she answered, lowering her gaze.
"She...
she was my twin sister.
And shes dead." It felt cruel, but I exhaled in relief.
"T'm sorry, Kath, but I wont pretend that affects me.
Honestly, Im relieved.
And happier for the change.
Id choose you a million times over.
Elliot...
Tlowered my face, tilting her chin, my mouth brushing against hers still swollen from my kisses.
Isucked her lower lip, slipping my tongue into her soft mouth, kissing her deeply, greedily.
I grabbed her waist, pulling her flush against me, breathing in her scent, the only thing that could calm the beast inside me.
---- Her heartbeat pounded against my chest.
"You are mine, and nothing and no one will take you from me," I whispered into her breathy moans.
"Baby, I need to go now, Katherine...
"T'll stay," she assured me, firmly, her arms wrapping around my neck, pressing her soft, sinful breasts against me.
"Tt would be too suspicious if we both disappeared like fugitives in the night.
That would raise alarms.
If you do something suspicious, they could accuse you of plotting against Duke Thesio." She immediately connected the dots, summarizing my concerns, thinking like a true Duchessprotecting what belonged to us.
Why didnt you come from the beginning?" The words slipped out, heavy with regret.
She looked at me with complicated eyes.
As much as I wanted to clear everything up, this wasnt the time or the place.
"Fine.
Ill leave some guards here.
They I escort you to the Duchy in the morning." "Tl tell them you left early to handle business in our lands." She rose from the bed to help me dress.
I threw on my tunic over the rumpled clothing, hurriedly fastening the straps.
Fully armed, I rushed toward the door.
But before leaving, I turned back, wrapping her in one last embrace, one last kiss.
---- Thated leaving her alonebut it was even more dangerous to bring her into the heart of the conflict.
"You have full authority to run the household.
Immediately lock down the castle.
Ill send word with the men escorting youthe gates to the fortified walls must be sealed." "Tllbe fine, dont worry...
but Elliot, please, please, be careful," she pleaded, her warm hands cradling my face.
On tiptoe, she pressed a kiss to my chin.
"Kath, if the worst happens" "No, it wont" "Listen to me, baby.
Just in case.
In my study..." I whispered into her ear, giving her the safe code, telling her where to retrieve the gold from my private treasury, where to find the hidden househer escape plan with Lavinia.
"Twont use a damn thing, Elliot.
You have to come back, do you hear me? " She grabbed my lapels, her eyes wet, her hands shaking.
"Ill pay you back.
Every single pension check, Ill repay with interest." "Thats a promise, my dear Duchess.
Dont forget it." I gave her a faint smile to reassure her.
Then, pressing a final kiss to the tip of her nose, I turned and walked awaywithout looking back.
###Chapter 674
---- 366.
UNFORTUNATE COINCIDENCE NARRATOR HOURS EARLIER, IN DUKE THESIOS LANDS...
"Aldo, Gordon, and I will go inside to speak with the foreman.
Well keep him distracted for as long as possible.
This is your chancedont waste it.
One of the men sent by Elliot murmured beside the burly laborer.
Around a campfire, they ate fresh bread and sipped steaming hot chocolate.
Only the best to bribe themand to make them betray Duke Everharts side.
"Alright.
Tomas and I will carry the crates we set aside earlier and take them to the designated spot.
Dont take too longthey ll notice we re missing right away," Aldo replied, taking a bite of his bread.
His sharp eyes constantly scanned the other laborers nearby, who were also chatting and eating before continuing to unload the goods.
Today was the day.
They had been given the rare opportunity to access Thesios landsthey were on his side of the river.
The goal was to steal the crates from here because once they crossed the river, they were immediately transported far away, out of reach for the regular laborers.
Aldo and the others knew exactly what was being transported from Duke Everharts landsfood.
All kinds of grains, stolen crops meant to starve Everharts people into rebellion while also fattening Thesios Duchy.
---- But what was inside the crates being moved from here to the other shore? "Tm sure they re carrying crop plagues.
I heard tiny insect legs scratching the wood when I got close to one of them," Tomas told Aldo through their mental link.
"Whatever it is, those two crates we separatednow that everyone is eating, we need to move them quickly into the woods, then straight to the boat waiting for us.
We have to cross the creek to reach Everharts lands safely." Aldo and Tomas spoke through their minds, their strategy set.
The firelight flickered across Aldos pensive face.
He had expected to see Elliot in person, yet he was pleasantly surprised by how swiftly help had arrivedand by the efficiency of these men.
Elliot was a mystery to Aldo.
Who was this man, really? "alright, it's time.
Gordon, lets go." Alvaro stood, dusting off his pants, and called over the other undercover soldier.
For a moment, he locked eyes with Aldo, who gave him a subtle nod.
Everything had already been said.
Alvaro moved forward, followed by Gordon.
He saw the foreman enter the large tent stationed in the clearing where Duke Thesios men ate and gathered.
"Halt! What business do you have here?" The guard at the entrance stopped them.
"We'd like to speak with Mr.
Garibaldi.
We have valuable information wed like to share with him." Alvaro said confidentlv.
his face full of
###Chapter 675
---- cunning.
"Important information? Tell me, and Ill pass it on to him." "Oh no, sir, that doesnt seem right.
This is...
far too delicate.
My memory isnt great eitherIll only remember properly if I speak to the foreman myself.
And, of course, a few coins might help loosen my tongue, dont you think?" The guard sneered at him with disgust.
Damn filthy peasants.
"Wait here," he muttered, turning to enter the tent, grumbling insults that Alvaro and Gordon obviously heard.
They didnt care.
Their goal was to buy time for the othersthen meet up with them later.
"Come inside.
The boss will" the guard began saying when he suddenly stiffened, looking behind them, his face frozen.
Alvaro and Gordon heard it toothe pounding of hooves, several horses galloping closer.
"Damn it.
You two, stay here." The guard suddenly seemed nervous about the newcomers.
He hurried inside the tent, likely to warn the foreman of the surprise inspection.
Alvaro turned slightly and watched the riders arrive.
His gaze locked onto a woman leading the group, waiting to dismount her horse.
She saw him tooher shock and disbelief were immediate, etched onto ---- her face as she recognized him.
"Get out of here now.
Run with the other: "But Alvaro" "NOW, damn it.
Weve just been discovered.
Get out, Ill catch up with you," he gritted out, keeping his voice low, subtly shielding Gordon behind his back so he could slip away under the cover of the tent and the night.
It was better if they caught one of them rather than all.
Alvaro immediately saw the woman dismounting hurriedly, speaking with a blond man who had also just jumped off his horse.
He casually started walking in the opposite direction, away from where the others were.
Naturally, he acted as anyone would when caughthe tried to flee.
"Hey, laborer! Hold ona second!" a rough voice called after him.
Alvaro didnt think twicehe ran.
Why the hell was Alexia here?! What a damn stroke of bad luck.
But even worsehe hadnt been able to warn the Duke about the danger lurking right beside him.
###Chapter 676
---- 367.
PERSECUTION NARRATOR Alvaro ran through the forest, weaving in a zigzag, using the tall trees as obstacles.
He could hear the neighing of horses, the crunch of leaves being crushed beneath their heavy hooves as they pursued hima fox fleeing through the underbrush.
The river wasnt far; maybe he still had a chance to dive into its depths and swim away, despite the danger.
He could smell it now, almost see it.
Thena sharp crack in the air.
As he emerged into a clearing, the horses gained the upper hand over the two legs of an elemental Aaagerr! he growled as something coiled around his boots and yanked him backward with brutal force.
His body slammed forward, hitting the ground hard, skidding through dirt and grass.
He barely managed to shield his face, arms bracing against the rough impact and scraping drag.
The sheer momentum and strength of the horses pull overpowered him completely.
No matter how hard he struggled, no matter how desperately he fought to free himself from the whip binding his boots, the rider held him fast.
Restrain him! If he resists, give him what he deserves, that damn ---- traitorbut keep him conscious! I need him to talk!" the mans voice commanded.
Alvaro managed to roll onto his back.
Erom below, he looked up at the man towering over him atop a dappled horse, staring down as if he were nothing more than an insect.
Alvaro had no idea who he wasor what connection he had to that woman.
Like a cornered tiger, he fought back, lashing out against the three men sent to subdue him.
He punchedand was punched back.
Kicks landed against his ribs, his stomach, knocking the breath out of him.
There were too many against just one.
It wasnt long before he was overpowered completely.
Now on his knees, his arms wrenched behind his back, blood dripping from his face, his blurry vision caught the sight of boots stepping into view.
His swollen eyes could barely focus.
A rough handlethe butt of a whipdug into his throat, forcing his head up.
"You're going to tell me right now what Duke Everhart is planning who you came here with" ---- Then, abruptly"Damn it! Get back there and keep a better watch on the cargo!" The man suddenly realized he had focused too much on this fugitive, letting the others escape.
You're an idiot," Alvaro spat, blood splattering onto the mans boots, filled with pure hatred.
Oh, you think yowre a hero, dont you?" The blond man turned his icy, malicious gaze back on him.
"You'll soon learn what happens to fools who throw themselves into the fire." The whip cracked, slicing across Alvaros face.
He groaned in pain, his teeth gritting, his jaw locked in fury as a bloody welt bloomed across his skin.
"Take him to the tent and chain him up!" the man ordered.
Alvaro was dragged away.
He could only hope that this sacrifice hadnt been for nothing.
eee "Keep running, damn it!" aldo, I hear horses ahead it looks like they intercepted the barge!" "No, no, shit! Were blocked on both sides! Take another route!" Aldo and Tomas raced ahead, Gordon struggling behind them, panting hard.
###Chapter 677
---- How the hell were these civilians more agile and enduring than a trained soldier? The forest had awoken in chaostorches lit up every hiding place, every burrow.
Foxes bolted from their dens, owls took flight, startled by the neighing of horses, the shouting, the curses.
Hurried footsteps trailed behind themlaborers tracking the traitors who had stolen two valuable crates.
They're over there!" one of them pointed, reading the footprints in the dirt.
The drag marks of the crates, the trampled plants, the snapped brancheseverything pointed in one direction.
"Follow the tracks! Prepare the bowsrelease the hounds!" The commands rang out from Arthur, Duke Thesios generaland Alexias betrothed.
The same blond bastard who had captured Alvaro.
He wouldnt let these intruders ruin his lords plans.
It was obvious that Duke Elliot suspected something, but suspicions werent enoughhe had no solid proof to accuse them before the Regent.
As they fled, Aldos wolf senses suddenly flared in warning.
He could hear the enemies closing in.
They were too slow in this formbut they couldnt shift in front of Gordon, an elemental.
Thena scream tore through the night.
"Aahhh!" ---- Gordon let out a cry of pain as an arrow, fired at random, grazed his left arm.
He collapsed, tumbling into the dirt, the heavy crate crashing to the ground with a splintering crackbreaking open, spilling part of its contents.
When Aldo and Tomas rushed back to help him, they froze, stunned by what they saw leaking from the wooden hole.
A dark mist slithered out hungrily.
It looked like black insectsor something far worse.
But one thing was clearit was deadly to anything alive.
"Get them offAahh! Damn it, get them off me! It burns!" Gordon thrashed in the grasswhich immediately withered under him, dying on contact.
The strange creatures moved fast.
Some landed on his legs, burning and corroding his flesh, feeding to stay alive.
Aldo and Tomas grabbed him, dragging him away from the swarm.
"What the hell kind of curse is this?!" Aldo ripped off his shirt, wiping the creatures away from Gordons raw, exposed legs.
The fabric of his pants had already been eaten through, the flesh beneath covered in oozing sores and blisters.
"This looks like dark magic.
I dont know...
but its too strange, too dangerous.
Look, Aldo." ---- Tomas pointed to the ground where the insects had landed.
The grass and everything in their path was withering.
The only good thing was that they seemed to die quickly outside the crate.
But in the blink of an eye, the destruction they caused was terrifying.
Arrows began whistling past their heads, forcing them to move.
There they are!!" The shouts echoed through the trees, the barking of hounds closing in on their prey.
Things were looking very, very bad for them.
###Chapter 678
---- 368.
TRAPPED NARRATOR Aldo hoisted Gordon onto his back like a sack of potatoes, while Tomas carried the remaining crate.
Now, more than ever, they needed to find out exactly what this dangerous magic was.
They ran nonstop, communicating mentally the entire time.
No matter what, if they kept going like this, they'd be captured.
Leave me behind, damn it! Get out of here! If you stay, theyll take you prisoner too! Warn the Duchy! Shut up, damn it! Tomas shouted at Gordon.
He dropped the crate, placing it at the rivers edge.
This area was deep, the currents strong enough to drag the crate and the injured man away.
But they didnt dare throw themselves in and try to swim across.
Climb onquickly! Try to reach the other side and find help, go!" Aldo lowered him from his back Gordon could barely stand, but he pushed through.
"No, no, lets all gowait!" Gordon protested, realizing their intentions.
Aldo and Tomas couldnt waste time explaining.
"We can take care of ourselves.
The crate won't hold all our weight.
Tell our support to meet us at the Alcas Mountains NOW Go!" ---- They shoved him into the current, Gordon lying flat over the crate, clinging to the edges for dear lifeand his life literally depended on it.
His situation wasnt safe eitherthe waters of this river were treacherous and deadly.
All they could do was pray that he made it across with the evidence they had fought so hard to obtain.
"T'll find help!" Gordon shouted, vanishing into the darkness, carried away by the rivers furious currents.
"Aldo, I hear the dogs!" "We need to throw them off! Run back into the forest!" With their pursuers right on their heels, the two men darted into the dense shadows of the woodswhere they could shift.
Two legs became four.
Their muscular bodies were replaced with swift, powerful wolves, their forms melting into the wild surroundings.
Still, they couldnt outrun the hounds forever.
The pack leading the mounted hunters wouldnt be so easily fooled.
A massive red-and-white Alpha wolf led the escape, with a smaller, tawny-colored wolf close behind.
They aimed for the snowy mountain pass.
It was dangerous, a perilous route filled with predatorsbut they wouldnt go in deep.
They just needed to hide long enough for their hunters to give up.
###Chapter 679
---- "NO, NO, No!" Aldo snarled, his wolfs legs numb from running at full speed.
"Aldo, the pass is blocked! There must have been an avalanche!"" His wolfs pupils narrowed at the sight of the canyoncompletely obstructed by a massive pile of snow and rocks They had gambled everything on this route.
Now, there were only two choicesmove forward or turn back.
Aheada dead end.
Behindtheir pursuers, only a short distance away.
They were like rats trapped in their own snare.
"What do we do, Aldo?! If they catch us, they'll know were werewolves!" Tomass frantic voice filled Aldos mind, his panic rising He was regretting this mission, regretting being dragged into this madness.
He had a family, childrenand if they were caught, his entire bloodline could be hunted down under suspicions of being supernatural.
Fora split second, even Aldo didnt know what to do.
His wolfs head turned toward the towering rock faces surrounding them.
There was no way up, no hidden path to climbat least, not here.
"Lets turn backmaybe theres sti" "Hia! Hia!" ---- The shouts of riders, the glow of torches in the distanceno.
There was no time to go back.
They were cornered.
Aldo turned, fangs bared, growling like a trapped beast, ready to fight to the death.
"Pm sorry for dragging you into this, Tomas.
Truly." He had convinced his friend to come.
"Tts too late now! I wont just let them take me!" Tomas stood beside him, his own fur bristling, letting out a furious snarl.
Behind thema towering wall of ice and stone.
Aheadalmost certain death.
Then, in a split second, something flickered in Aldos wolf eyes.
A sharp beam of light pierced the sky, breaking through the dark clouds above.
He blinked, irritated, his wolf shaking its headbut that motion made him notice something.
Half-hidden behind a large boulder, covered in thick shrubs, there was a shadowy opening.
A grutaa cave entrance.
The moonlight shone directly on it, revealing it at just the right moment.
Aldo didnt hesitate He lunged at Tomas, shoving him toward the canyons edge with his muzzle.
"Run to that cave before they find usRUN, TOMAS!" His urgency snapped Tomas into action.
---- The smaller wolf sprang toward the rocky outcrop, claws scraping against the hard surface, kicking up dust as he leapt over the ledge then disappeared into the narrow crevice.
Sure enoughthere was a path inside.
A tight, suffocating tunnel leading deep into the mountains.
Tomas forced his body through, not caring what horrors lurked in the pitch-black depths.
The stench of damp earth, rot, and decay assaulted his nosebut he had no choice.
Behind him, Aldo forced his own larger wolf body through the tight opening.
Jagged rocks tore into his flanks, leaving bloody scratches along his fur.
He considered shifting back, but there was no timehis only thought was hiding before the riders arrived.
The moment his tail vanished into the cave, their pursuers arrived at the canyons end.
Where are those damn bastards?! Find them! SEARCH EVERYWHERE!"
###Chapter 680
---- 369.
THE REHEN NARRATOR They were trapped.
They had managed to slip into the cave, but it was just another dead end.
"Aldo, staying here is worse." Wait, shhh, dont make too much noise.
Lets just wait, Tomas.
It took us a hell of a time to find this hiding spotmaybe it'll be just, as hard for them," Aldo said to his restless friend.
"But the dogs..." He had barely mentioned them when their sharp wolf ears picked up the sound of claws scratching against rock.
"stay calm," Aldo ordered, moving closer to the faint light that seeped through the narrow entrance.
His predatory gaze locked onto the outside, his eyes gleaming dangerously.
The dogs had caught their scent, but the massive boulder blocking the entrance had stopped them.
They werent as big or agile as the giant wolves hiding inside.
Ggggrrr...
Aldos wolf let out a low, menacing growl.
Cross this threshold, and I will rip you apart.
No matter how brave those hounds were, they instantly sensed the beast lurking in the shadowsand their instinct for survival took ---- over.
"Did you find something?" "Looks like no, it must have run off in another direction.
Damn, mutts, they must be hungry, theyre getting distracted by every scent!" Aldo and Tomas breathed a quiet sigh of relief as they heard the mens footsteps retreating.
Their natural refuge, cloaked in darkness, was safe for nowbut for how long? "set up camp here and keep searching! They couldnt have vanished into thin air!" Arthur ordered as he mounted his horse.
He was furiousall this chasing through the forest, only for the bandits to disappear like magic.
sir, we found wolf tracks.
Maybe they were eaten..." and wheres the blood, the bones, the clothing?! Are you a goddamn idiot?!" Arthur roared, kicking his adjutant in the chest from atop his horse.
The man staggered back, nearly falling flat on his ass, but gritted his teeth, forcing himself to stay upright.
"Tf they dont turn up, you'll pay for it with your skin! Search the woodsfind that crate! They must not take it to the other side!" He barked out commands, leaving his men behind to continue the search, while he rode back toward camp.
###Chapter 681
---- With an angry tug on the reins, his horse neighed, then took off at full gallop.
"Damn bastard," the adjutant muttered under his breath, spitting blood onto the ground.
"You heard him, bastards! Search well, or your heads will roll too!"" he snapped, taking out his frustration on the men under his charge.
They set up an improvised camp, spreading out to comb the forest never realizing that the fugitives were right under their noses.
ad Thesios general was determined to get every last piece of information out of that spy.
He didnt even want to imagine what would have happened if Alexia hadnt recognized him as one of Duke Everharts men.
On the ride back, his eyes scanned the woods, searching for the other crate.
"Damn it!" He spurred his horse harder, pushing forwardbut found nothing.
What Arthur didnt know was that Gordon had already been intercepted at the river, and the crate had reached its destination.
The boatman who had been waiting at the riverbank had escaped before the ambush, immediately alerting the Everhart border sentinels.
The guard was reinforced, and word was sent to the capital ---- straight to Elliots ears.
od Alvaro collapsed onto the dusty ground, his face unrecognizable swollen, bruised, smeared with blood.
His battered hands were tied behind his back, secured to a thick post that supported the tents canopy.
He coughed, blood spilling between his legs and staining his boots.
His clothes were in tatters, his knees raw, the fabric shredded from being dragged behind a horse.
His breathing was heavy, his vision hazy.
"1ll ask againhow many infiltrated? What has Duke Everhart discovered? Tell me all his plans." A malicious voice sneered from the darkness.
A fistful of his hair was yanked so violently he thought he'd be scalped.
Pain spiked through his skull, the burning pressure of sharp knuckles digging in.
] told you...
to go...
to hell..." He spat blood at his tormentorthe burly foreman who had been beating him senseless for information.
"DP'm sick of your shit, you son of a bitch!" The man threw him aside, storming toward the fire pit, reaching for the iron poker buried in the blazing embers.
---- Asearing-hot, blackened tip, still smoking, radiated deadly heat.
The foremans eyes gleamed with malice as he turned back, gripping the red-hot poker in his fist.
"Lets see if steaming your balls makes that poisonous tongue loosen up." Alvaros body jerked back, kicking in panic, his back slamming against the post.
His wolf pupils widened, filled with genuine fear.
Fuck not his balls! His frantic gaze darted around, desperate, his muscles tensing.
He'd rather die fighting than let this bastard do that.
Oh, I see you're more cooperative now...
but too bad.
I feel like having some fun first." The foreman smirked, swatting away Alvaros struggling legs like nothing.
He caught his ankle in an iron grip, nearly snapping it, before angling the glowing poker toward his half-exposed crotch.
Rotten bastard! Im not telling you shit, you son of a bitch!" "We'll see about that." "WAIT!!" A womans voice suddenly cut through the tense air.
###Chapter 682
---- 370.
THE GENERAL'S FIANCEE NARRATOR "Miss, you shouldn't be here, what...2" "Leave and let me be alone with the prisoner," Alexia said arrogantly.
But the general..." "T said get out, that's an order! It's obvious you haven't gotten anything out of him.
I'll try my luck," she interrupted, exasperated.
Though he wasn't entirely convinced, the foreman left, throwing the poker into the embers and shooting a murderous glare at Alvaro.
He opened the tent curtain and stepped outside.
He hated taking orders from that little woman, but there was no choice; a pussy and a pair of tits pulled harder than a cart, and she had the general Arthur completely under her spell.
"Darling, what a surprise to have you visit," Alvaro tried to give her a crooked smile.
"Cut the nonsense, Alvaro, you're finished.
Don't think Arthur is that merciful, but if you talk, there's a chance.
Help me, and I'll speak on your behalf.
Join this side..." "so that's why you left me for that asshole," he let out a rough laugh.
---- The burning in his throat was unbearable, his lungs felt shredded, but sarcasm oozed from his battered body.
"Of course, a general over a mere soldier, now I see it clearly.
I suppose you've told him all the details about the Duchy.
Does little Arthur know that you were also my fiancée? That I was the first one to take that sweet little pussy?" shut up!"" "No! You shut up, Alexia!" he roared, blood staining his teeth.
His chest heaved, congested, drowning in disillusionment.
He wasn't as calm as he wanted to appear.
From the moment he saw her standing beside that man, on the enemy's side, the wound he thought had healed in his heart began, to fester again.
This womanthis woman had been his whole world, and just days before their wedding, she abandoned him without a convincing explanation.
She needed to rethink their engagement, to reconsider things.
She fled, leaving him humiliated in front of his family and closest friends.
And her mother was the first to support her decision.
That was when Alvaro realized they had been conspiring against the Duchy all along.
They had privileged and crucial information about Elliot Everhart's life ---- "How could you bite the Dukes hand? Your damn family, more than anyone, should be grateful to him!" Alvaro started insulting her.
Alexia clenched her fists at her sides.
Damn it, she should have let them kill him for being such an idiot, but she couldn't look the other way.
Why the hell couldn't she just let him die?! "Alvaro, I'm giving you one last chance.
Tell me something important, a fact, anything..." A glob of spit landed on the fabric of her expensive dress.
"Go to hell, whore..." Alvaro spat with hatred.
"You better kill me, Alexia, because if I live, I'll come straight for your head, and then your mothers, the honorable Mrs.
Prescott." Alexia stared at him.
Her trembling hand reached beneath the layers of her dress and pulled out a small dagger, strapped to her thigh.
She unsheathed the sharp blade and brought the deadly tip forward, close to Alvaros throat.
He only stared at her, cold and disappointed.
She remembered when those dark eyes devoured her with passion and devotion.
###Chapter 683
---- "Thad to do it, Alvaro, for my family.
We would always be servants.
I...
Iwanted something you could never give me..." A few tears ---- escaped her eyes as she tried to justify her betrayal.
Alvaro didn't respond.
He had nothing left to say.
He just waited for death.
What ironyto die at the hands of the woman he once loved.
Her hand rose and prepared to strike with determination.
He faced her to the end, hatred burning in his gaze.
Just as she was about to pierce his throat.
"General! Were you able to capture those traitors?" A greeting outside the tent stopped Alexia's actions, snapping her into alertness and throwing her into a panic.
Without thinking twice, she rushed to the back, lifting a section of the heavy canvas to slip away.
"Run, little rat, run.
Who knows? Maybe I'll have a nice long chat with the general about the pussy we both had in common," Alvaro's mocking voice taunted as he closed the gap.
Alexia felt a wave of worry, biting her nails, crouching to listen to the conversation inside while keeping herself hidden in the shadows.
Damn it, she shouldn't have hesitated.
She should have silenced him, then given Arthur some vague justification later.
She could only hope that at least her brother had reached the castle in time to warn their mother.
If the Duke found out, it would mean her certain death.
---- see BACK AT THE MANSION PARTY: But, Duchess, if this is about last nights indiscretion, please, I apologize once more, it was my mistake..." "Its not about that.
Im not that petty.
I just wish to return to my castle and see my daughter." Katherine turned with grace and cold elegance to face the hostess, who had followed her like a lapdog, chasing her all the way to the front of the mansion.
At the first light of dawn, she had risen and ordered the servants to pack her and Elliots belongings.
She gave the local noble a vague explanation about why the Duke had left earlier, and now she, too, was departing.
"Well, if you say so, I feel relieved, but...
but on Christmas, we will invite you to stay another night..." "Madam, dont bother," Katherine smirked mockingly.
"We will never attend another celebration in your home.
Lets just say, I didnt feel particularly welcomed." Without granting the woman another second of her attention, she climbed into her carriage with the coachman's help, leaving the hostess speechless, red with humiliation and shame.
Her husband would beat her to death.
To be blacklisted by the Everhart Duchy would ruin them, even in ---- business.
Inside the hall, the other guests peeked their heads out, still lingering at the party, watching the scene unfold.
"Lets go!" Kath knocked on the roof, and the carriage, packed with their belongings, immediately set off.
She looked through the small window.
Up above, someone watched her like a vulture: the former mistress.
The Duchess gave her a twisted smile, full of malicious pleasure.
One of the maids, eager to get on her good side and earn a tip, whispered that when she entered the washroom, Brendas maid had come to check the sheets.
She had paid a few coins to the other girl and rummaged through the laundry basket, finding undeniable evidence of the Duke and Duchesss heated encounter.
Just as stunned as the others, she had also gathered the real jewels, scattered across the carpets and the mattress as if they were worthless trinkets.
"T hope you choke on your own venom," Katherine murmured with delight as she moved out of view of the mansion.
"Hurry, I must be at the Duchy in less than an hour!" she urged the coachman, hearing the crack of the whip and the rumbling escort following closely behind.
Every second could mean either victory or death.
###Chapter 684
---- 371.
WEREWOLF NARRATOR Katherine anxiously watched the landscape rush past.
She hadnt slept after Elliot left.
Instead, she spent that time replaying their last encounter in her mind The Duke had seen right through her.
She should have expected it she would starve if she had to rely on acting to survive.
She was too temperamental and let her emotions take over too easily.
Her greatest advantage was that people barely paid attention to Rossella.
She was always secluded in the castle, and the Duke never introduced her to high society.
Yet Elliot had unmasked her.
Then again, he was just as strange as she was.
"A werewolf..." she murmured, bringing a hand to her mouth, frowning.
The evidence was therethose wild growls, the way his pupils shifted so many times, the vague memories of when she was stabbed, including the taste of his powerful blood.
Was that why she healed so quickly? And then there was his beastly, sexy way of making love to her and that thing that got stuck inside her after he came.
What the hell was that? ---- Kath had no idea.
Elliot and she would have to talk later, that was for sure.
Something about that man called to her soulmaybe because they were both extraordinary beings.
Blliot, dont you dare die and leave me as a bitter widow.
Not now, when Ive barely had a taste of your delicious chorizo...
Oh, for heavens sake, what nonsense are you saying, Katherine?! she muttered to herself, flustered.
She was nervous, and that always brought out her inner lunatic.
Elliot, but seriously now, my Duke, come back to me safely, please.
She sent her silent prayers to the heavens, gazing through the curtains, fear gripping her heartnever imagining that she would be the one risking her life soon.
seek IN THE FOREST, NEAR ALDO AND TOMAS HIDEOUT...
"Leonidas, come, come look at this," one of the warriors called another over.
They had been searching for hours; it was already morning.
Exhausted and filled with resentment for following stupid orders.
It was obvious those spies had fled long ago.
"What is it?" Leonidas asked, lifting the evidence from the tall grass with the branch of a tree.
###Chapter 685
---- "They look like scraps of clothing," the man studied the torn fabric, frowning as wild thoughts ran through his mind.
"What would mens clothes be doing here? And they belong to two different people," they examined them more closely.
"Look, I'm almost sure this shirt belonged to that guy, AldoI noticed it because I liked the cut," they both fell silent.
Why would these clothes be here? Underwear and all.
Were they running around the forest naked? Not even jumping into the river would require stripping down like that, like savages.
"Do you remember the wolf tracks we saw in the canyon?" Leonidas asked, meeting the other man's questioning gaze At first, he didn't understand, but then something clicked in his mind like a bolt of lightning.
"You dont mean to say that those guys..." "Lets go back to the canyon.
Grab the evidence.
I think I know where theyre hiding," Leonidas and his companion bundled up the clothes and carried them back.
They ran to the outskirts of their improvised camp.
They showed the findings to the generals second-in-command and shared their suspicions.
"supernatural beings working for the Duke of Everhart.
Ha, now ---- that would be some excellent news," the man murmured, his mind calculating something sinister.
Go, let the dogs sniff the clothes.
They've rested enough," he ordered.
"Sir, I think theyre hiding behind that huge rock covered in palm trees.
I saw wolf tracks there, and the dogs get restless whenever they get near," Leonidas assured him.
Let's not waste time.
Get the fuel and prepare the torches.
If theyre in there and wont come out, well roast them like two chops," the second-in-command grinned wickedly.
Inan instant, the camp sprang into action.
They armed themselves to the teeth.
If these men were werewolves, as they suspected, they couldnt afford to take any chances.
Those beasts were described in books as heartless creatures, wild and bloodthirstythough none of them had ever seen one.
Inside the cave, Aldo and Tomas were growing restless.
They had been waiting and waiting, but those men wouldnt leave.
Aldo, I hear footsteps and voices.
Theyre coming back.
Relax, they're probably just making a final sweep.
Hold on, Aldo always tried to calm Tomas nerves.
He was lying on the damp ground, over the dark and half-rotted earth, hungry, the cave walls pressing in on them in the claustrophobic space.
---- Aldo began to feel real concern creeping into his heart.
He could smell firetorches.
Why? It was already daylight.
That wasnt helping them camouflage their hiding spot either.
"Release the dogs!" suddenly, a shout echoed from outside.
The sound of barking again, though the dogs wouldnt come too close.
Aldo expanded his Alpha wolf aura menacinglyyet the dogs kept their distance, barking warily as if pointing toward the cave.
Aldo, they found us, damn it, they found us!""
###Chapter 686
---- 372.
A SLIPPERY RAT NARRATOR Tomas started barking in his mind; Aldo couldn't deny it.
They had been discovered.
"Get ready to follow me out and fight.
We can't let them trap us in here, or we're finished." He instructed, beginning to crawl toward the exit.
He suspected the intentions of their assailants.
"Bring the firewood, hurry, pour the accelerant!" The man could already taste his victory.
In the daylight and with the help of the dogs and footprints, they had discovered that behind that natural barrier was a narrow entrance.
The only concern was whether it had another exit, but no one was willing to check.
The best option was to set it ablaze and see if the rats would come running out.
"stack it properly." The men moved, carrying bundles of dry grass.
and twigs from the forest.
The lieutenant advanced on his horse, all heroic, torch in hand, fire roaring in his heart.
If he managed to eradicate these supernatural beings, he could even claim the reward offered by the palace.
---- The Regent would promote himmaybe even grant him a territory to rule.
His mind filled with foolish daydreams.
"Be ready.
Unsheathe your swords and bows," he murmured, guiding his horse closer to the rock stacked with firewood.
suddenly, the animal grew restless, bucking, sensing dangerthe low growl reaching its ears.
"Move forward, you idiot! Stop being a coward! If you dont move, Pll turn you into stew!" He spurred it viciously, but the horse only hesitated, taking a few uncertain steps.
"Damn it," he cursed through clenched teeth and decided to dismount.
"Everyone, stay alert." He ordered, drawing his sword from the scabbard at his hip.
One step, another.
He leaned down to peer through a crack between the rock and the cliffside.
"Shit." He tooka step back upon discovering, shrouded in darkness, a pair of beastly eyes filled with rage that made him tremble from head to toe.
They were in there.
They hadn't escaped! Taking a few steps back, a sinister grin spread across his face as he lowered the torch, ready to unleash chaos.
Just inches from the dry grass...
"Ahhh!" A scream echoed against the towering canyon walls, stopping him in his tracks.
###Chapter 687
---- We're under attack from the rear, damn it! To arms, defend your positions!" The cries of the first responders set the rest of the soldiers into action.
The lieutenant turned toward the surrounding forest, where a group of warriors charged forward like enraged savages, shooting precise arrows and wielding deadly weapons.
Leading them was a massive black-haired man, roaring with his sword raised high.
He watched as the blade came down, severing the first soldiers head before the poor fool even had a chance to react.
It was the Duke of Everharthe would recognize him anywhere.
His bravery and ferocity in battle weren't just rumors.
"Defend the camp! We outnumber them! Dont let them inti" Bwah! A spray of blood burst from his lips.
His trembling fingers loosened, and he dropped the torch, which instantly ignited the fuel and the dry branches stacked nearby.
The soldier with delusions of grandeur looked down, seeing a clawed hand protruding from his chest.
Everyone had been so focused on fighting the new threat that they forgot a crucial detailyou never turn your back on a cornered beast.
ahbh!" His agonized scream was lost in the surrounding chaos, in the smoke rising from the flames fed by the accelerant.
---- He turned, eyes wide with panic, the light fading from them.
He wanted to speak, but only blood gushed from his mouth.
It was suffocating himhis throat clogged, his chest hollow.
That same deadly hand grabbed him by the neck, pulling him close to the savage face of a massive, naked man.
"Remember this day as the one where you almost caught a werewolf, you idiot." Aldo leaned in, his voice a guttural whisper against the mans pain-distorted features.
Without wasting another second, he flung him like a ragdoll into the growing flames.
"Let's go, Tomas! Quickly, run to the forest, now!" They took advantage of the skirmish, the chaos, sprinting toward the shelter of the trees.
Through the smoke, the screams, the crimson-stained earth, Elliots eyes locked onto the naked men fleeing toward the woods.
Aldo met his gaze for a brief second across the distance.
No words were needed.
They had to hide from Elliots men too.
No one could suspect they had been cornering supernatural beings And for that reasonnone of Duke Thesios soldiers could be left alive.
"slaughter them all!" Elliot roared, kicking away a soldier who was about to strike one of his warriors.
---- He lunged, sword raised high, bringing it down on the mans body sprawled on the ground, his face splattered with bloodpromises of death glinting in his icy blue eyes.
Inless than fifteen minutes, they had wiped out every man stationed there.
Trapped between the ice wall and the forest, almost none escaped...
except for one.
ad Nicolais ran, leaping over tall grass and roots, weaving between trees, glancing back frantically.
His eyes were wide, fear gripping his soul, his clothes still stained with the blood of his fallen comrades.
He had survived only by playing dead.
A wound in his side burned like hell, but it didnt stop him from fleeing.
Freedom was close, adrenaline surging through his veins.
No one had seen him.
No one.
He had to warn General ArthurDuke Elliot was in these lands.
They were in danger.
Just one more step, just one...
CRACK!
###Chapter 688
---- 373.
1AM THE DUKE NARRATOR Nicolais' leg fractured instantly, his bones splintering as a powerful log cut off his escape.
It had appeared out of nowhere, wielded by the rough hands of a man hidden behind a tree.
He crashed to the ground, rolling violently before twisting around to face them.
"Please!" he sobbed, crawling over the damp earth, pain vibrating in every word.
"I wont say anything, let me go! I have a family, I have children and a wife!" Through his blurred vision, he saw the two naked men emerge.
They had been waiting for him; he never really had a chance to escape.
"T'm sorry, but I have a family too," Aldo responded before pouncing on the soldier, slashing his throat with razor-sharp claws.
His death cry was swallowed by the vastness of the forest.
"Aldo, Elliot is coming," Tomas warned, turning to watch as the dark-haired warrior emerged swiftly from the deep underbrush.
are you both alright?" Elliot let out a relieved sigh upon finding them safe.
---- He barely spared a glance at the soldier's bloodied corpse on the ground.
"Thanks to you arriving in time.
Otherwise, we would have fought to the bitter end," Aldo extended his arm, and Elliot clasped his forearm in a brotherly warrior's handshake.
Tomas stepped forward and did the same.
"Did anyone else escape the ambush?" Elliot asked with concern.
"At least not through here.
We've been keeping watch for any runners," Tomas replied.
"Good.
We need to move quickly.
I plan to attack Thesio's camp this is our chance," the Duke said urgently.
"I brought you some clothes, get dressed." He tossed them the pack he'd carried while searching for them, having left Vittorio in charge of clearing the battlefield.
How did you find us? Did Gordon bring the chest?" Aldo asked as he grabbed a pair of pants that Elliot had stripped from a corpse and pulled them on.
"He did.
The evidence is safe, thanks to you two.
Now we have to rescue Alvaro," Elliot answered, his mind already spinning with strategies.
"And His Lordship? Did he approve this attack? I mean, this is an outright declaration of war against Duke Thesiowe're in his territory," Aldo voiced his concerns while yanking on a shirt as, they began heading back toward the horses.
###Chapter 689
---- "That's exactly why we have to strike now.
With the goods in our possession, we have proof.
It bears Thesios seal, and I was told it involves sorcerythat alone condemns him.
He wont dare accuse us before the Regent," Elliot explained his plan "Wait...
but Elliot, what if Thesio appears? His men have surely warned him by now," Aldo grabbed his arm, making him stop.
There were too many dangerous variables in this equation.
"aldo, no one can be left alive in that camp, do you understand? Not even Thesio.
If he shows up, its worse for himhell be handing me his head on a silver platter," Elliot replied, fire blazing inhis eyes.
For the attacks against his land, the Duke of Everhart, by law, had the right to defend himself.
But engaging in open war with Thesio would only lead to casualties in his army, mobilization of all troops, and a weakening of their duchiesgiving other vultures the perfect opportunity to strike from behind.
The Elemental realm was not as peaceful as it pretended to be; shadowy and underhanded power struggles over scarce land were a constant battle.
"T dont think you should make this decision on your own, Elliot.
No matter how well you get along with the Duke of Everhart, this is seriouswhen it comes to the big players, this could backfire on you..." "aldo, my friend," Elliot clapped his shoulder for a moment.
---- This was true loyalty.
He didnt even know Aldo well, yet the sincerity in his worried eyes was undeniable.
"T'm sorry I didn't trust you from the start.
Dont worry, Aldoif you get the chance to take Thesios head, do it.
You have the permission of the Duke of Everhart.
I am Elliot Everhart." With that, he let go and strode off toward Vittorio, who was already waiting with the mounted warriors.
Aldo, did I...
did I just hear that right, or have I gone deaf in this chaos?" Tomas touched his back, his voice filled with disbelief.
Aldo stood frozen, watching the powerful man march off with unwavering determination.
"You heard correctly, Tomas.
I guess it's fate.
It looks like our kind has a chance now.
Lets go," Aldo pulled him along to join the others.
A flame of hope ignited in his heart.
If anoble as powerful as the Duke of Everhart was a hidden lycan, then he could protect them with his influence.
Saving him in the river had been the best decision of his life.
Get him a horse! We advance a good distance, then continue on foot in silence! We take them by surprise again! Hya! ---- Elliot commanded, spurring his horse forward as the first to lead the charge.
A gnawing doubt remained in his mindGordon hadnt been able to explain how they were discovered.
He only said that when a delegation arrived, Alvaro panicked.
There had been a woman among them.
Who was that woman? ee KATHERINE "What's going on? Why have we stopped?" I asked the coachman as the carriage came to an abrupt halt upon entering the castle gates.
"Milady, just a moment.
They're escorting a rebel away," a soldier from the escort informed me through the window.
a rebel?" I frowned, curiosity piqued
###Chapter 690
---- 374.
BAD NEWS KATHERINE "She's innocent! You have to believe me, I need to see the Duke, I beg you! The ducal carriage! Your Eminence, please, listen to me!" "Stop, you crazy woman! Dont you dare approach Her Ladyship!" The commotion reached my earsthe desperate cries and shouts of awoman.
Lopened the door and leaned out.
There she was, just a few meters awaya young woman, restrained by two guards, pinned to the dusty ground with her hands bound.
"stop this!" I shouted, grabbing my dress and nearly leaping down the carriage steps.
I stormed forward, furious.
No matter the circumstances, no woman should be treated like this.
"Your Ladyship, she is the daughter of the traitorous butler!" one of the guards holding her informed me "My father is innocent, Your Grace, I beg you! Just a few minutes of your time could save an innocent man!" she struggled, breaking free from the guards grip.
On her knees, she clung to the hem of my dress.
The desperation in her eyes tore at my heart.
---- only the Duke can determine that, Im sorry.
1" "You can speak to the Duke! My father knows who did it.
He knows! Hell tell the Dukeor you! Look, look, he gave me this letter, he gave it to me in prison...!" She frantically searched through the pockets of her skirt, pulling out a crumpled, blood-stained piece of paper.
With trembling hands, she held it up to me, pleading for me to read it, sobbing uncontrollably.
"How dare you hand such a filthy paper to Her Ladyship?!" A sudden exclamation behind me made me turn, along with the loud snort of a horse.
Everyone turned to see a light-haired man dismounting with authority, his eyes filled with pure hatred as they landed on the girl.
She shrank back against my dress, fear stark on her face.
"Give that to me!" "Wait a moment!" I stepped in front of his outstretched hand, blocking him from snatching the letter.
"Who are you to come here and make decisions on my behalf?" I met his gaze, icy and unyielding.
I didnt know why, but something about this newcomer gave me a very bad feeling.
Lam one of the commanders of the Everhart Duchys border guard, Your Grace.
I apologize for presenting myself under such circumstances," he said, bowing with what seemed like respect.
###Chapter 691
---- "Twas on my way to visit my mother and found this woman attacking youright in front of these incompetent fools!" He barked at the soldiers stationed at the gate, who lowered their heads.
He clearly outranked them.
"And who is your mother?" Ah, allow me to formally introduce myself.
I am Francis Lemar Prescott, son of the housekeeper, Mrs.
Prescott," he said, and suddenly, his confidence made sense "I see.
Then, thank you for your assistance, but it won't be necessary..." "Duchess, dont worry, I'll handle this" "T said its not necessary! Or are you deaf?" His arrogance was starting to irritate me.
"Go on your way, soldier! Thats an order from your Duchess!" He locked eyes with me.
As much as he tried to mask it, I saw the flicker of disdain buried deep within them.
as you wish," he finally said, shooting one last deadly glare at the girl before turning back to his horse.
He mounted and spurred the beast harshly, galloping off at full speed, kicking up a cloud of dust.
These servants thought they had far too many rights.
Now that Elliot favored me, I would find a way to rid myself of the ---- housekeeper.
"Let me see that paper." "Yes, yes, of course," she handed me the note again.
It was clearly the desperate words of a prisoner.
There were even traces of bloody fingerprints.
"T didnt do it, Elliot.
Ive gone over all my stepsI know who betrayed you.
I beg you, after so many years of service, come see me; you are in grave danger." Istood there, pensive, staring at the crude handwriting.
Why didnt he just reveal the traitors name? Why take the risk of sending his daughter to plead on his behalf? Maybe because the culprit was someone closesomeone with power.
I wasnt sure...
but my mind filled with questions.
"Stand up.
I will go in the Dukes name to hear what your father has to say," I told the young woman.
She immediately broke down, sobbing even harder, trying to kiss my boots, thanking me over and over.
"Tnever said I would save him.
Im only going to listen to what he has to say.
Put her up front, next to the coachman!" I turned and walked back to the carriage.
The prison was quite a distance from the city center.
"But, Your Grace, that place is...
unpleasant.
I mean, for a lady of your rank..." the soldier assisting me into the carriage hesitated.
---- "A Duchess cannot always hide inside her castle, dont you think?" Treplied, watching his stunned expression.
Without waiting for further words, I stepped inside, and within minutes, the carriage pulled away, merging into the bustling streets.
I missed my daughter, but my instincts told me to follow this lead.
Something truly sinister was moving right under our noses.
erred NARRATOR Mrs.
Prescott was outside giving the gardener instructions when she heard the galloping of a rider.
She turned her head, squinting against the suns glare, trying to make out the approaching figure.
The moment she recognized the man on horseback, her heart lurched.
Francis.
Her sons sudden arrival could only mean one thingtrouble.
###Chapter 692
---- 375.
PREPARING A CRIME NARRATOR "Francis!" the housekeeper exclaimed, cutting off her conversation with the gardener mid-sentence.
The young man dismounted in a single leap, his face drawn and his hair disheveled from the wind.
"Come with me," he said, almost in a whisper, gripping her arm and dragging her inside the castle.
Once inside her first-floor chamber, she slammed the door shut and locked it.
"speak, Francis.
What happened?" Her son began pacing in circles, running his hand through his hair over and over, his nerves on edge.
"The Duke knows hes being robbed at the southern borders.
He discovered the smuggling of goods and...
and...
I think he also knows about the plagues.
I dont know how much detail he has, but he found something." "How did he find out? Be more specific!" she snapped, grabbing his shoulders to stop his frantic pacing.
I dont know for sure, damn it!" Francis shoved her hands away.
" Itall happened so fast." Keep your voice down!" she hissed, stepping closer.
"Francis, focus.
Details!" ---- "We were with my sister...
Arthur wanted to conduct a surprise inspection.
You know how obsessed he is with securing his position as general.
And then...
Alexia saw that idiot Alvaro." Mrs.
Prescott paled.
"what?" she murmured, bringing her hands to her mouth.
"That wretched man..." "Yeah, him.
He was pretending to bea laborer.
You know how loyal he is to the Dukeonce she recognized him, they had him arrested.
But...
but others escaped." "This cant be!" The woman stepped back, her erratic gaze darting around the room as if searching for an escape.
"The Duke hasnt returned!" she exclaimed, her tone more frantic than ever.
Francis tooka deep breath, struggling to steady himself.
"I saw the carriage, Mother.
Theres something elsethat idiot Duchess was returning alone.
Since when did she grow a backbone? " he growled, filled with hatred.
Mrs.
Prescott shot him a withering glare.
what did you do to provoke her? Now more than ever, we have to keep a low profile." "Nothing! I just...
she was about to listen to Wallaces prim and proper daughter.
I think she went to the prison.
He had sent a note, but I couldnt retrieve it."
###Chapter 693
---- Mrs.
Prescotts face twisted into sheer panic.
"Francis, thats the first thing you should have told me!" she yelled, clutching her head.
"If that butler put the pieces together, we're ruined!" Francis tried to calm her, but the words stuck in his throat.
"Mother, relax.
That woman has no credibility.
No one will listen to her..." "Dont you get it? The Duke is not an idiot! And the Duchess..
something has changed in her.
You saw it yourself!" she snapped furiously.
Besides, you shouldnt have left your sister behind in such a dangerous place! Oh, for heavens sake!" she exclaimed, feeling her blood pressure skyrocket.
The general stayed with her" "No, no!" she screamed, overwhelmed with worry.
"Why didnt the Duke return in the carriage? Where is he? Have you even stopped to think that as commander of the border guard, youll be the first suspect?" Francis had thought about it, but he believed Duke Thesio and his brother-in-law would clean up this mess.
"Do you...
do you think they'll arrest Alexia? If the Duke sees her, he'll know shes the biggest traitor," they stared at each other, wide-eyed with terror.
Never had they imagined that their carefully orchestrated actions ---- would lead to this.
"We need to escape, take the secret route.
Lets go, before the Duke arrives," Francis rushed to gather the housekeepers valuables.
But what about your sister? You have to go back and save her"" Are you insane?! How do you expect me to go back there, into the most dangerous place right now?!" "But your sister, your sister...!" she kept repeating like a broken record, on the verge of tears, gripping his arm in desperation.
They had to find a way to warn Alexia to get to safety.
suddenly, in the middle of their frantic argument...
Knock, knock, knock.
They froze in silence.
Mrs.
Prescott turned toward the door, horror etched on her face.
Had they come to arrest her already? "Mrs.
Prescott, are you there? I need to ask you some questions about the ledger," came the voice of that old maid the Duchess had brought from the countryside.
The current nanny of Lavinia...
Thats it! Lavinia.
One daughter for another.
A bargaining chip, in case Alexia was taken "Hide in the bathroom and wait for my signal," she whispered hurriedly, her mind working fast on an improvised plan.
---- Erancis grabbed the heavy ceramic figurine from the mantel and concealed himself behind the partially open bathroom door, waiting for his moment to strike.
Mrs.
Prescott smoothed down her skirt, straightened her posture, and tried to regain her composure.
Only the slight tremor in her fingers as she touched the doorknob betrayed her true state of mind.
"Come in, lets discuss your concerns here," she invited the old woman, who stepped inside, trusting, unaware that she had just entered the lair of a viper.
The housekeeper peeked into the hallway, ensuring no one else was around before quietly closing and locking the door behind her.
With no witnesses, a crime scene was about to unfold.
###Chapter 694
---- 376.
WE HAVE THE BARGAINING CHIP NARRATOR Erom the moment Freya stepped into the housekeepers room, she felt a pang of regretbut it was too late now.
"sit down, please, sit here," Mrs.
Prescott invited her politely, gesturing toward the armchair by the fireplaceconveniently with its back to the bathroom.
"Tell me, how can I help you?" she asked, standing in front of the old woman, pressing her hands together to hide their trembling.
Well, you submitted the account ledger, and the Duchess instructed me to review "You? But youre a nannywhat would you know about accounting? I mean..." The housekeeper caught herself, realizing her rudeness.
Now that she saw the massive book in the old womans hands, she remembered another important detailone that also incriminated her.
"Yes, Im a nanny, but I was also the administrator of a household for decades.
Not as grand as this castle, but there are some very obvious basics," Freyas tone hardened.
This was precisely why she should have waited for Katherinebut she was insulted by how this thief was trying to pull a fast one on her, right to her face.
"For example, look at these numbers f all the silverware was ---- replaced last year, why did you make the same expense this year? Ereya stood, pointing at the data in the enormous ledger barely fitting in her hands.
"There were many celebrations.
The materials were damaged..." "Yet, according to the event summary, there were only two discreet gatherings hosted by the Duke for a few ambassadors," Freya flipped to the notes at the back.
She kept pulling out more discrepanciesdiverted funds, missing accounts, little fingers dipping into money here and there.
It was obvious Mrs.
Prescott had no justification for most of it.
"What happened to the maids bonuses? I asked around, and you barely distributed half of whats recorded here" "Oh, enough!" Mrs.
Prescott exploded, completely losing her composure.
"Why do I have to justify myself to some pathetic old nanny?!" She shouted in clear fury.
Even the butler never questioned her so much.
Too busy with the Duchys political affairs, he had entrusted her with full control over the household.
Mrs.
Prescott had assumed all her little thefts would remain buried under the Duchesss inexperience.
You wanted to frame Her Ladyship for your thefts!" Freya exposed her completely.
She gripped the heavy ledger with ragethis woman was more ---- venomous than a snake.
###Chapter 695
---- "And what if I did try to pin it on that idiot mistress of yours? What are you going to do about it, you nosy old hag?" "T'll tell the Duchess! You'll be thrown out for a thief!" "Not if I can help it!" The housekeeper lunged at her in an instant.
Freya never imagined she would rip off her mask so openlyor that she would physically attack her.
She stepped back to dodge, lifting the ledger to slam it over her headbut someone else acted first.
"AHI" A short, sharp cry escaped her lips.
Her face contorted in agony, and she collapsed forward, desperately grasping at the furniture before consciousness abandoned her.
Her limp body slumped onto the carpet, her outstretched hands just inches from the book.
Behind her head, blood matted her gray hair into a sticky mess, trickling down to stain her crisp, white collar.
Her skull was split open by the porcelain figurine in Franciss hand.
"You...
you killed her?" "Who cares, Mother? We need to get out of here!" Francis snapped, shoving her toward the wardrobe.
"Grab only whats valuablehurry up!" ---- "Wait help me hide the body in the bathroom!" "For what, damn it?!" Francis raked his hands through his hair in frustration.
"They'll know it was us anyway! We dont have time for this." "You're right...
you're right think straight.
"Eorget itjust grab the valuables from the Mrs.
Prescott muttered, trying to dresser.
Im going to find Lavinia.
We cant leave without that spoiled brat!" She hadnt forgotten her bargaining chip.
Taking a few deep breaths, she stepped out of the room calmlyas if she hadnt just left a dead body inside.
"Tell all the servants to move to the north service wing," she ordered one of the maids as she passed through the sitting room.
Even the kitchen staff? But the dinner"" The kitchen staff too.
They may take the rest of the day off.
Everyone." Did something happen?" the girl asked, puzzled.
"Nothing that concerns you.
Ducal business.
Withdraw and dont return to the main quarters until tomorrow." The maid nodded and went off to relay the orders.
In truth, they were all happy for the unexpected break.
Mrs.
Prescott climbed the stairs and walked down the corridor.
she stopped in front of a door and knocked.
---- "Come in," Lavinias small voice answered from inside.
At this hour, she should have been doing her lessonsand sure enough, the housekeeper found her seated at her desk.
"Wheres Nanny Freya?" the child asked, glancing behind her, looking for the old woman she had grown to trust and love "She told me to take you to where shes meeting with your mother, the Duchess," the housekeeper replied, knowing exactly how to bait the girl who suffered from maternal neglect.
"My mother is back?!" Lavinias face lit up with excitement.
"Yes, come along, my lady.
I'll take you to them." And just like that, Mrs.
Prescott had the innocent Lavinia in her grasp completely unaware she had just become a hostage.
###Chapter 696
---- 377.
CLEANING UP THE SCUM NARRATOR IN DUKE THESIOS CAMP...
"Have you gotten anything out of that spy?" Thesio asked the messenger who returned on horseback.
He was stationed in an improvised camp, abit far from the main camp controlled by his general.
"No, sir, not even under torture has he said anything useful," the man reported.
Thesio frowned, sitting on the fallen trunk of a tree.
He would have liked to intimidate that man himself, but it wasnt in his best interest to be in such a compromising place.
He knew Elliot; that man would latch onto anything to incriminate him, and now, with that secure box in his possession, Thesio feared the worst.
Inan extreme case, he could find himself a scapegoat, claim that Arthur was the mastermind, that he had acted behind his back.
Thats why it wasnt wise to show his face.
"Go back and tell Arthur to eliminate him, dismantle all the evidence, and pack up the camp without leaving anything behind," he decided instantly.
Enough of this game of cat and mouse.
It was clear he had been caught cheating.
Now, he had to figure out how to get out of the consequences.
---- Watching his man ride away, he walked toward his horse with his small escort of three warriors.
Thesio was furious.
Once again, that bastard Elliot had played him, and he hadn't managed to ruin him as he intended.
But this wasnt over.
He would seek help again from that "ally." He would have to help himor he would turn him over to the Regent.
sob "Alright, you asked for it." Arthur stared at the half-dead man they held under the tree, where a noose hung from a sturdy branch.
He thought the man would beg, would talk in the face of imminent death.
However, just as he turned his back, he heard a low, distorted laugh.
"Ts dying so damn funny, you idiot?!" he spun around, exasperated, watching as they forced the man onto the wooden stump, the rope about to be slipped over his neck.
Alvaro lifted his head, barely able to hold it up.
"Yes...
it's hilarious knowing...
that I was the first to eat the pussy...
you now guard so fiercely..." Alvaro smirked, his lips cracked and peeling.
Coughing blood, his whole body ached.
His vision blurredhe could only see shadows through the small slit of one eye.
"Did she tell you...
she was a virgin...2" ---- "SHUT UP!" Arthur roared in fury.
He wasnt stupidhe had clearly seen the exchange of glances between them.
The foreman had informed him that Alexia had entered the tent to see the prisoner.
She told him it was just an acquaintance.
He didnt believe her at all, but he preferred to deceive himself.
"Hang him the fuck up already! NOW, PUT THE ROPE ON HIM NOW!" his enraged shouts echoed through the camp.
Immediately, the noose was placed around the prisoners neck, his hands tied in front of him.
No matter how much he struggledthis seemed to be his end.
Not far away, hidden behind the horses, Alexia wiped her damp eyes with trembling hands.
Alvaro had brought this upon himself.
There was nothing she could do for him now.
she turned her head aside when the stump was kicked, and the body of her first love dropped, legs kicking, struggling against suffocation with involuntary spasms.
"and be grateful I dont have time to cut off your balls and make you eat them, you son of a bitch," Arthur sneered, watching the body swing.
With each passing second, Alvaro lost more oxygen.
His bloodshot, glassy eyeshis desperate fight for survival faded as lack of air clouded his mind.
Arthur looked on with macabre satisfaction.
Who cared if Alvaro had been the first? He would be the last.
###Chapter 697
---- He was about to turn away, satisfied that the matter was settled, when an arrow whistled past his head with perfect precision, slicing through the rope suspending Alvaro.
The hemp fibers snapped, and the weight of the grown man did the restBAM! his body crashed onto the ground.
Arthur whirled around to see his camp suddenly engulfed in chaos.
Where had these reckless soldiers come from? His astonished gaze locked onto their leader.
Shit! The Duke of Everhart was here! He had to leave at once and warn his lord! "General, what do we do?! What do we do?!" Resist the enemy invasion! Defend Duke Thesios lands!" he roared heroically.
But his eyes never stopped searching for his fiancée.
As the guards and treacherous laborers fought, ran, and bought them time, he planned his strategic retreat.
When he tried to move forward, hoping to blend into the thick of battle, hiding within the curling smoke of small fires set for defense, a strong yank at his legs made him stumble and fall forward.
He quickly recovered, pressing his hands against the soft grass, ready to rise and face the danger.
"What the hell?!" Arthur struggled when he felt a weight crash onto his back.
---- A rope wrapped around his throat, still tied to two bloodied, burned hands.
Alvaro had no idea where he found the strength to move when he thought he wouldn't even be able to stand.
It was pure adrenaline.
Pure, unfiltered hatred fueling his body.
Even with the rope tight around his own neck, he twisted his bound hands around his enemys throat, digging his nails into Arthur's skin and strangling him, pulling him toward his chest.
In that position, the spine wouldn't withstand such a fierce and sudden attack.
But Alvaro was a wounded manhis breathing was ragged, his vision blurry, his body burning from within with every attempt to inhale.
He was only driven by bestial rage.
Meanwhile, Arthur was a healthy, well-trained man.
Arthur started thrashing under the crushing grip on his throat, fighting to suck air into his lungs and free himself from the soldiers weight.
Not far away, his beloved fiancée watched the scene in horror.
Instead of rushing to help him, all she could think about was escaping.
The battle cries made her skin crawl.
Just a few feet in front of her, she witnessed the camp foreman get his intestines ripped out with asingle axe blow.
She covered her mouth to keep from screaming and vomiting, ---- stepping backward, thinking only one thingrun, run, run...
Through the smoky haze of flames consuming everything, she saw him.
And he saw her.
It was as if a thunderbolt struck Elliot.
Understanding crashed into him all at once.
Mrs.
Prescott was a traitor too.
He had thought only the butler was involved.
He had struggled to uncover these thefts because the enemy had far too much inside knowledgethe "surprise" inspections, the border controlseverything had been manipulated.
Francis.
Fuck.
How had he not thought of him sooner?! His family was in danger.
Katherine and the child were in grave danger! Alexia spun on her heels and took off running like a soul damned to hell.
Gripping her skirt, her boots sank into the loose earth.
She was drenched in sweat, breathing through her mouth in ragged gasps.
Her lungs pumped oxygen, fueling her mad dash through the trees.
But who could outrun an enraged Lycan? Obviously...
she couldnt.
###Chapter 698
---- 378.
ON THE EDGE NARRATOR agerr, le..t me...
go...
you bas...tard!" Arthur struggled like a cornered tiger.
His torso twisted, desperately trying to shake off the vermin that had leaped onto his back.
Alvaros hands trembled more and more as he tightened the rope between his wrists.
His veins bulged, protruding beneath his skin, while his wounds seeped streaks of blood.
He clenched his teeth, his vision going dark, on the verge of losing consciousness, but his thirst for revenge kept his fury burning.
But it wasnt enough.
He loosened his grip for just a secondjust oneand his entire body twisted, crashing onto the hard ground.
His head hit the earth, and he groaned in pain, his throat raw and scraped.
In the distance, the roars of battle; nearby, the choked coughing of his enemy.
Alvaro tried to get up, but this time, his body refused to obey.
The rush of adrenaline was wearing off.
"You bastard! You're about to find out what happens when you ---- mess with me!" The furious scream was followed by a crushing weight on his waist.
Alvaro couldnt fight back, even if he wanted to.
Inside, he screamed at himself: React! Move! Defend yourself! But his body was beyond miracles completely drained.
A brutal punch added to his collection of injuries.
Arthur, tired of playing, pulled a knife from inside his boot, flipping it open to expose the sharp blade.
"You're going to regret the day you touched what was mine," he growled at the dazed man beneath him.
He even had the audacity to lean over his face.
"T'm going to fuck her every night while you rot with the worms." Arthur let out a sinister laughnothing compared to the satisfaction of eliminating a rival.
He raised his arm and swung the knife down, fast and precise.
Just inches from Alvaros bruised neck, he stopped, his fingers trembling on the hilt.
Something warm splattered across Alvaros face.
He managed to focus just enough to see the sheer terror frozen on Arthur's features.
A crimson river poured down, staining every inch of his face.
Lodged deep in his forehead, piercing into his brain, was a short- handled axe.
---- His erratic pupils dimmed, the glint of hatred fading into nothingness.
Arthurs body collapsed heavily on top of Alvaro, forcing a strangled groan from his lips.
The air reeked of thick, metallic bloodsuffocating.
But before he could process it, firm hands yanked the corpse off him, tossing it aside.
"Alvaro!" The deep voice of Tomas shattered the tension, shaking him roughly.
His face was tight, smeared with dirt and sweat.
"Dont fucking die on me here!" Ugh...
You're gonna...
end up...
kill..ing me..." Alvaro groaned under the rough shaking.
"T thought you were done for this time! You only made it because I have damn good aim with an axe!" Tomas grumbled from above him Alvaro flashed a smile so awful it was worse than crying.
He didnt even get the chance to thank Tomas before completely blacking out.
The werewolf looked down at the gravely wounded soldier in his hands.
Better to get him somewhere safe, far from this madness.
He dragged him toward the trees, hiding him deep within the surrounding forest.
He hesitated, debating whether to give him his blood.
Alvaro was a good man, but was it worth the risk? What if he woke up too soon?
###Chapter 699
---- Tomas glanced into the dark woods, hoping Aldo was nearby.
He was the strategist, the one who always had a plan.
Hopefully, he had found the Dukewho had gone running like a madman after a fleeing woman.
ad "AAAHHH!" Alexias scream echoed through the forest as a massive body slammed into her, knocking her face-first into the dirt.
Painful tears welled in her eyes.
She reached for her nose, fearing it had broken.
Blood.
Blood on her fingers, but it was from her forehead.
Her breath came in ragged gasps, her chest ached, her throat was ary.
She turned, panicked, as the weight lifted off her.
"Your Excellency, this is a misunderstanding! Let me explain!" She scrambled backward on the grass and dirt, retreating in pure terror.
Through the last rays of the setting sun filtering between the tree branches, she saw himthe towering black-haired man glaring at her with sheer fury.
Those eye: hose eyes looked like a beasts.
"Misunderstanding?! YOU'RE A LYING DECEIVER, JUST LIKE YOUR MOTHER! YOURE BOTH UNGRATEFUL TRAITORS!" Elliot lunged at her, his canines elongating uncontrollably.
---- Something savage stirred inside himhis claws itched, trembling, with the urge to rip and tear.
"T didnt...
I didnt...
Ahh, you're...
youre one of those creatures...!" "Yes, yes, I AM!" Elliot snarled between his teeth, towering over Alexias trembling body, gripping the edges of her neckline, about to tear her dress apart.
"And you're going to tell me every single one of your mothers shitty plansright now! What is that wretched woman planning? EVERYTHING! Or I'll rip you to shreds! SPEAK!" He roared in her face like a wild animal, his enormous fangs just inches from her crimson-streaked skin.
Alexia paled, nearly fainting How could they have been so blind? The Duke...
he was a monster.
One of those vile creatures.
And now, she was in his grasp.
Stammering, horrified, sobbing, she spilled everything she knew.
"Tell me about your brother! WHERE IS THAT BASTARD?!" Elliot couldn't believe what he was hearing.
He had been keeping Duke Thesios entire realm afloatfeeding his people, supplying resourcesall because of these traitors.
"He...
dont know...
I dontAAHH! Il] talk! I'll tell the truth! Just dont kill me! DONT KILL ME! He went to warn my mother at the castle! He ran to tell her we were in danger!" In the end, she confessed between sobs and snot.
Her heart pounded so fast she thought she might pass out.
She couldn't stop ---- the violent spasms wracking her muscles.
Elliot let her go for just a second, as if in shock, realizing things were even worse than he had imagined.
His family...
No.
No, not now.
Not after he had just found his womanhis mate.
She could die.
Those two bastards would kill her! Something inside Elliot snapped.
His breathing turned erratic, his eyes burned, glowing like the brightest rubiescold, feral, wolfish.
Pain, searing pain surged through every joint and bone in his body.
He was at his limit.
###Chapter 700
---- 379.
THE DUKE'S LYCAN NARRATOR He lifted his head and roared to the skies, a guttural sound ripped from the depths of his throat, sending flocks of birds scattering in terror at the absolute predator about to emerge.
Alexia sawit all.
A murky yellow liquid trickled down her legs.
The stench of fear, of death, thickened the air.
Even so, she saw one last chance to escape.
While Elliot wrestled with these strange new sensationsno longer suppressing them, but letting them flow like a dam fully unleashedshe stumbled to her feet, urine still streaming down her thighs, and began to run in a frantic, staggering sprint, putting as much distance as possible between herself and the beast.
Elliot collapsed onto all fours, hands and knees pressing into the ground.
His nails, now black, even those on his feet, lengthened, shredding through his boots like sharpened blades.
His jaw stretched, reshaping, ready to expand into a ferocious muzzle.
His skin burned as if flayed alive, every hair follicle dilating, preparing for the emergence of his fur.
The transformation seemed inevitable.
"No!" The shout rang out just as a massive body collided with Elliot, sending him rolling across the ground.
He roared in fury, ready to attack.
---- "Not here, Duke! Not here!" Aldo yelled, bracing against Elliots blind strikes, fighting back purely on instinct until the Duke regained some semblance of control.
Come on, lets move! Lets follow that womanfarther, Your Grace, farther!" Aldo dragged him away through the trees.
Elliot stumbled forward, hunched over, his body struggling to halt the transformation.
It felt as if his bones were shifting, clattering loose inside the framework of his muscles, tendons, and skin.
Aldo was right.
They were too close to the battle.
If anyone realized a Lycan had appeared, it would be their downfall.
Lycans were far more conspicuous than regular werewolves larger, more extreme, more bestial yet somehow more evolved.
"He's close! Come on, Lycan, you're almost there! Hold on, Duke, just a little longer!" aldo practically carried him.
It was difficultElliot felt impossibly heavy.
The sheer force radiating from his body was overwhelming, nearly terrifying Aldos own Alpha wolf, despite its bravery.
"Follow me!" Aldo commanded, releasing him for a moment.
With a burst of speed, he lunged toward Alexia, who was mere steps away from escaping the forest.
Within minutes, she was on her knees, her legs and hands tied, sobbing uncontrollably.
---- "SHUT UP!" Elliots roar silenced her instantly, as if his voice had muted her very breath.
"My family...
Ihave to go back...
Aldo, I have to go back..." he repeated through gritted teeth, his breathing ragged.
"I have to leave now!" He grabbed Aldos shoulders, his composure unraveling once more.
"T understand, but on horseback, you wont make it in time Theres another waydangerous, but faster,"" Aldo nodded, already formulating a plan.
"A man cant cross it easily...
but a Lycan, Duke, a Lycan can." Aldo studied him closely.
He had realized something crucialElliot rejected his animal side.
It was repressed, uncontrolled, wild.
The dark-haired Duke tooka step back, his erratic eyes scanning Aldo, revealing the storm of thoughts raging in his mind.
Deep in his soul, Elliot feared unleashing that prison completely.
But he feared losing his mate even more.
Even losing Lavinia.
"Tl do it...
Pll do it..." "Then you must take the mountain pass that connects both duchies.
I believe it exits near your castle.
Its dangerousthey say a a ---- thereNow!"
###Chapter 701
---- Aldo nodded.
"Pll show you.
And you..." The laborer turned his gaze to the woman writhing like a worm, desperate to escape.
"You wont be saying anything about this." Alexia sobbed harder, but no matter how much she begged, those would be the last words she ever spoke.
sob ALDO I tooka step back, and I swear, for one of the few times in my life, I felt something close to fear.
There was no special methodno trick.
To bring out the Dukes Lycan, all [had to do was push him alittle further.
And now, the beast was on all fours, roaring, shifting completely.
I could hear the crack, crack, crack of his body painfully remodeling itself.
He suddenly rose onto his powerful hind legs, staring at the massive claws that could slice through a mans throat like paper.
For the first time, he knew himself.
His glowing red eyes locked onto me.
I didnt know what to sayshit, my Alpha wolf warned me not to move a muscle.
He tooka step forward, growling low and menacing, his elongated ---- canines as sharp as daggers.
T fought the urge to lower my head in submission before this superior rank in the packs hierarchy.
This was the first Lycan I had ever seen, and the old scrolls hadnt done them justice.
"Duke, are you there? Your Grace?" I called to him in my mind.
I tensed as the beast advanced another step.
Ina single breath, I could be dead.
Ym not dangerous...
Im an ally to your human side," I told him.
But at the mention of Elliot, the Lycan roared even louder.
Shit.
Every inch of me was on edge.
"Yes, [hear you.
Stay calm," the Dukes deep, rasping voice suddenly resonated in my mindcommanding, powerful, pure compulsion.
The dark brownalmost blackLycan finally stopped stalking me.
He lifted his head toward the horizon, opened his maw, and shook the heavens.
Damn it, he needed to control himself, or he would be heard.
Elliot, take control.
They cant discover you." Its...
complicated.
My wolf and I dont...
understand each other well," he admitted.
Lew his inner wolf wouldnt be happy with him.
---- "Your mate.
You share a bond over her.
Find common ground, Duke for her." T gave him the key to a temporary truce, and it seemed to work.
Finally, we could move on to the next step of the plan.
###Chapter 702
---- 380.
AGAINST THE CLOCK NARRATOR Aldo never thought he'd live to witness something so extraordinary.
The massive wall of ice and rock, which had blocked his and Toméss escape, was no obstacle for a Lycan.
He looked up, watching as Elliot climbed with sheer brute strength.
His clawed feet dug deep into the ice, carving out grips as he propelled himself upward Strapped to his back, secured in a makeshift sack fashioned from the bloodied, tattered clothes of the corpses left behind in the previous battle, was the unconscious girlthe housekeepers precious daughter.
She hadnt been able to withstand the agonizing adjustments the laborer had inflicted on her to ensure she wouldnt betray them.
Aldo watched as Elliot reached the top, then leaped into the void, clearing a deadly stretch in a single bound, disappearing from sight.
So much power.
He could only hope the Duke would save his matebecause if that powerful creature lost his companion in a violent way, he would unleash chaos upon this realm.
---- see KATHERINE "FASTER!" I shouted at the rider steering the horse.
I clung to his waist, struggling not to fall during this dizzying ride back home.
My mind was in a frantic haze after hearing the butlers confession.
True or not, I had to return to the castle immediately my daughter, my Lavinia, was in danger.
His exhausted words, his body barely clinging to life, had shaken me to my core: ?"'I trusted her.
I told her about everyday thingsnot political secrets, but the danger was in the details.
For example, I complained to her about you, about how you knew the hiding places in the silos, how you suspected the southern administrators were stealing.
She asked subtle questions, encouraged my frustrations, and like a fool, I told her everything she wanted to know.
Thats how she learned about your inspection with the Duke.
She understood you were a threat to their plansmaybe thats why they attacked you.
The carriage...
I should have seen it coming.
I supervised everything except the final delivery day.
---- I suddenly felt sick, feverish, dizzy, and she kindly said she would handle finding someone trustworthy to retrieve itprobably her son.
That day, they must have installed the trapdoor under my orders.
Inever verified with the carpenter.
I trusted her completely I fell right into her trap.
I was the perfect scapegoat.
Mrs.
Prescott, the housekeeper, is the real traitor.? OUT OF THE WAY, MOVE, MOVE! HYA, HYA!" The escort shouted at the pedestrians in the streets, forcing them to leap aside to avoid being trampled.
"We're almost there, Duchess! Stay calm, were nearly there!" They tried to reassure me, but all I could hear was the relentless pounding of hooves against the pavement, hammering in syne with my racing heart.
lifted my head and saw the towering castle against the mountains, growing closeryet it still felt like a world away.
A dreadful premonition clutched my chest.
Dark clouds loomed in the sky.
ad NARRATOR "Where's my mama? Why are you taking me to this weird place?" Lavinia asked, puzzled.
Despite being a child, she sensed something off about the housekeepers anxious behavior, practically dragging her along.
###Chapter 703
---- "You'll see soon.
Now climb up here with me" "No, I dont want to.
Id rather wait for Nana and my mom in my room." She began resisting just as Mrs.
Prescotts grip tightened painfully around her arm, leaving bruises.
"Get up here right now, you little brat!" The housekeeper yanked at her, and Lavinia threw a full-blown tantrum.
"Damn it!" The child smacked her across the face, jamming a finger into her eye, making the woman let go for just a moment.
Lavinia took the chance to run.
She was terrified.
She naively thought that if she hid in her room, shed be safe.
But she barely turned a corner before slamming into a hard, unyielding body.
She didnt even have time to scream before a swift blow knocked her unconscious.
"What are you doing?!" Mrs.
Prescotts voice dropped to a whisper as she anxiously glanced around, though the area was nearly abandoned.
"You cant hurt heroh, by His Majesty!" she crouched beside the unconscious girl, grabbing her shoulders.
"Its better this way.
She was making a scene loud enough to be heard down the hall," Francis muttered, annoyed.
"We have another problemI only found this in your room.
Where's the rest?" ---- He opened a makeshift bag made from a pillowcase.
"Thats all I have, Francis.
What else do you want? The rest went to you all!" She hissed, growing desperate.
"Help me carry her, quickly" Oh, fuck off!" Francis snapped, startling her.
"Dont tell me that after all these years, this is all you have left?! How the hell are we supposed to survive on this shit?!" "Your sister spent a fortune making herself look good to seduce the general.
Once she marries" "That bastards a miser, I know it! I thought you had stashed away more valuable things!" What did you expect?! That Id just steal the Duchesss jewels outright?!" Mrs.
Prescott shrieked in a furious outburst.
But then, both of them fell silent.
Their minds churned with the same realization.
"Take the brat downstairs.
Im going to loot that idiots room" Francis bent down to lift Lavinia, preparing to hand her off to his mother.
"No, no, Francis, Im scared.
We dont know when she'll return, or if the guards are with her.
Lets go, lets just go, son." Her cold fingers clutched at his shirt, but Francis shoved her into the narrow passage and dumped Lavinia, still unconscious, onto her lap.
---- Pll be quick.
Wait for me at the swamp exit.
Go, dont waste more timedamn it!" he ordered before bolting toward the Duchesss quarters to steal what he could.
Meanwhile, on the first floor of the castle...
"Mrs.
Prescott?" Laura, one of the housekeepers closest assistants, knocked on the door of her room Knock, knock, knock.
She had forgotten to ask about the breakfast menu before rushing off to handle the servants.
"Mrs.
Prescott? Are you in there?" On her final knock, the door creaked open with a sound that sent chills down the maids spine.
Would the housekeeper be angry if she stepped inside?
###Chapter 704
---- 381.
BETWEEN LIFE AND DEATH NARRATOR Ma...
Madame? The maid dared to step forward, gently pushing the wooden door.
T'm sorry if you're sleeping, but it's urgent, we don't know if the Duke...
Aahhh! She screamed, covering her mouth with her hands as she saw Nanny Freya lying on the carpet, a pool of blood spreading around her head.
Instinct drove her forward instead of freezing or running away.
Mrs.
Freya! She threw herself to her knees beside the lifeless body.
Laura had been a volunteer at the treatment center; she knew the basics.
Her trembling fingers stretched out, her lips quivering as well.
Everything in her was shaking uncontrollably! "please be alive, for heavens sake, please, Mrs.
Freya," her cold fingertips touched the pulse on the side of the elderly woman's neck, After a few seconds, Laura closed her eyes, and tears slipped from the corners.
"WHAT DID YOU DO TO FREYA?!" The Duchess's roar snapped her out of it.
---- Laura's eyes shot open, meeting the woman's distorted expression, filled with fury and shock.
"T didnt do anything, I swear! I found her like this! Ah!" she shrieked as the Duchess shoved her roughly aside and threw herself over the old womans body to examine her.
Lauras hand landed straight into the burning embers of the fireplace, making her hiss in pain.
still, she understood the gravity of the situation.
"I just found her here, right now! She's alive, still alive, Your Grace! I can give her first aid!" She tried to approach again, attempting to calm the Duchess, who was sobbing while clinging to her old nanny.
"Tf you lie to me, I'll burn you alive, I swear I will! Save her! Save her as if she were your own mother!" Katherine roared desperately, not caring about being unfair Seeing Freya like this had shaken her to the core, and worse, she hadn't found Lavinia in her room.
With pain gripping her soul, she had no choice but to leave the old woman in the maids hands.
She ran out like amadwoman, searching for her daughter everywhere.
That wretched woman and her son had taken her little girl SEARCH EVERY INCH OF THIS DAMNED DUCAL ESTATE! NOBODY SLEEPS, NOBODY EVEN BREATHES UNTIL MY DAUGHTER IS FOUND!" she commanded with absolute authority ---- to her escort, and soon, the guards in the vicinity were also summoned.
The servants were suddenly yanked from their much-anticipated holiday.
Now, the entire castle was being turned upside down, every nook and cranny searched, but that secret exit wasn't called that for nothing, Only three people knew about it: Elliot, her right-hand man; Mr.
Wallace; and, of course, the butlers trusted little friend, Mrs.
Prescott.
seek Katherine also sent for the Dukes personal physician, who was immediately summoned.
Freyas life was hanging by a thread; she had lost too much blood.
In the midst of her desperation, the Duchess suddenly remembered the spellbook.
Maybe there was something in that notebook, anything that could lead her to Lavinias whereabouts.
she was grasping at straws now.
Katherine climbed the stairs two at atime, clutching the hem of her dress.
She ran through the hallways, and now more than ever, this damn house felt enormous.
Kath burst through the door and strode across the antechamber into her bedroom.
###Chapter 705
---- It seemed Nanny had locked the inner doorssomething she ---- never did.
She flung them open and stormed toward the wardrobe, oblivious to the disarray of her jewelry box and the shadow lurking behind the heavy curtains.
"what fucking bad luck!" Francis cursed internally, peering through the dark fabric at the woman rummaging behind the wardrobe.
He had wasted precious time, thinking hed walk away with a fortune, only to realize this woman had nothing but cheap knockoffs and worthless trinketsher sister wore jewelry of far greater value! The "pauper" Duchess had crouched down, completely unaware.
Tt was now or neverhis chance to strike and escape before it was too late.
Katherine's fingers stretched to their limit, feeling behind the wooden panel, one knee pressed into the carpet, her head tilted to the side, nearly against the wall.
"Mmm..." she grumbled in frustration at the elusive notebook.
Then, something caught her eye.
Was that one of her bracelets under the bed? How had it rolled there from the dresser? Acreak behind her put her on high alert.
she withdrew her hand from the crevice slowly, avoiding any sudden movements.
Someone was creeping up behind hershe was sure of it.
---- The whistling of the wind and the attacker's labored breathing made her react, throwing herself to the side just in time.
CRACK! An smashed against the wall, shattering into pieces.
Shards of glass scattered in the air, droplets of water splashed everywhere, and flowers tumbled down like a macabre spring scene, making it clear that someone had been aiming to smash the bedside vase over her head.
"you!" sprawled on the carpet, Katherine immediately recognized the man who had ambushed her.
"STOP!" Francis decided to make a run for it.
He couldn't waste more time dealing with this lunatic or he'd be surrounded within seconds! But he had barely taken a few steps when Katherine pounced on his back like a wild animal, clawing at him with vicious fury, yanking his hair with a blind rage surging through her.
WHERE IS MY DAUGHTER, YOU BASTARD?! WHERE IS SHE?! GIVE ME BACK MY BABY!" Her voice cracked with anguish.
Take the jewels, the gold! TAKE IT ALL, JUST GIVE ME MY LITTLE GIRL! She roared between sobs, her tiny fists raining blows on his head and back, trying to scratch at his eyes.
Something inside her was on the verge of exploding.
Erancis struggled like a trapped beast, thrashing with such desperation that he seemed willing to break himself just to escape the Duchesss furious grip.
---- He screamed as something burned the skin on his nape, like a branding iron searing flesh.
With time running out and no better options, he charged backward with all his strength, slamming Katherine's body against the wall.
###Chapter 706
---- 382.
FOLLOWING THE MAGIC NARRATOR The impact was brutal.
The air escaped from the woman's lungs in a strangled gasp as her head slammed against the stone.
The pain was immediate and blinding.
Katherine felt the world spin around her before collapsing, powerless, onto the plush carpet.
Her vision blurred, and from the floor, she barely made out Francis retreating, a shadow vanishing through the door.
sk Meanwhile, Francis ran like a condemned man through the hallway, dodging a few maids checking the rooms, making his way into an abandoned wing The treasure he had stolen was clutched in his hands, his direct path leading to the wing of the late Dukes, a place rarely searched his ticket out of this prison.
seek KATHERINE "Madam!" Amid my haze, I heard a female voice calling me and felt hands trying to lift me up.
My blurry eyes managed to focus for a second It was a maid and two footmen helping me.
It seemed they had ---- heard me scream.
"The...
the man, Francis! He was here, find him!" "But you're not well..." "Don't worry about me, hehe must be close by," I mumbled through the agonizing headache.
That brutal hit had rattled my brain.
T watched them leave, then forced myself up from the chair where they'd placed me and walked to the dresser, surveying the mess left behind.
That thief had taken Rossella's trinkets, but none of that mattered to me.
Only my treasure, my real treasure.
"Daughter, I've failed you again...
I messed up once more, Lavinia left you alone again..." I broke down, lowering my head and leaning on the dresser, my tears wetting my hands against the wood.
Sobs wracked my body, choking my throat.
T closed my eyes, trying to calm myself, but the endless horrifying scenarios flooding my mind filled me with paralyzing panic.
Why did they take her? For what? A ransom? More money? My legs gave out, and I fell to the floor with a thud.
My chest ached so much, I thought my heart would split in two.
A hoarse sob escaped my pale lips.
But amid my maternal despair, my vulnerable moment, something burned like fire on my hand.
---- "ahh!" I hissed, raising my right palm and discovering a red circle marked into my skin, with a strange symbol at its center.
What the hell was that? It looked like it had been burned into me.
Then I rememberedI had felt something similar while struggling with that bastard.
"My magic..." I murmured, quickly wiping away my tears.
Sometimes I forgot about this giftor curse.
But now, I hoped it would help me.
Please, I beg you, guide me to my daughter," I pleaded with my eyes shut.
My eyelashes fluttered nervously.
My whole body was trembling, for heavens sakeI was on the verge of breaking! I started breathing erratically.
The agony in my head intensified, but through all the darkness, I "saw" a trace.
A sort of red line of magical energy connecting my mark to that wretch'slike a tracker.
I sprang to my feet, struggling to hold onto the sensation as I bolted out of the room.
Below, the servants voices echoed, and even on the second floor, people were searching.
But the signal led me further upto a floor I had never set foot in before.
###Chapter 707
---- I stumbled up the stairs, my dress tangling around my legs, but I never stopped.
I reached a corridor that split into two.
Ihesitated, ---- feeling lost.
Once again, I shut my eyes, focusing, trying to "sense" and trust my instincts.
That way," I whispered, starting to run.
I could almost see that thin red line before my eyes, like a thread tying us together.
Ireached the end of a secluded wing one I had never been in before.
I didn't know why, but it looked somewhat abandoned.
Aheavy door blocked my way, but I noticed it was slightly open he must have come through here! I stepped inside cautiously, in case he was setting up an ambush, and scanned what looked like the antechamber of a room.
I checked behind the door suddenlynothing.
The path was clear, so I moved forward, step by step, on high alert.
No, no, no, dont fade away now! I pleaded internally as I saw the " signal" flicker.
What was happening? Was that man getting further away? But where could he go? This place seemed like a dead end.
I searched under the bed, in the neglected bathroom, even inside the spacious wardrobe.
Only the scent of dust and time greeted me.
I knew he had been here! But where had he gone? Where?! A secret passage? A hidden tapestry? A trapdoor? Nothing nothing, damn it! Then suddenly, a metal square embedded in the wall, well hidden, ---- caught my eye.
It was in a discreet corner of the wardrobe.
It looked like an old service dumbwaiter.
As L approached, the burn on my hand pulsedhe had gone through here.
Thesitated, my hand stretching forward.
What if he was waiting inside, ready to strike? I glanced around, grabbed a heavy vase filled with rotten, withered flowers, and emptied it, ready to use the glass as an improvised weapon.
Armed with my makeshift weapon, I finally reached for the lever.
My cold fingers grasped the round handle and pulled it down, my heart pounding like a drum at a festival.
Iwas prepared for anythingI even stepped back slightlybut nothing could have prepared me for what I found.
Only an empty space.
A space far too large to be just a dumbwaiter.
My mind spun wildly, staring into the dark, square, claustrophobic hole sinking deep into the thick wall.
Sweat poured down my back.
I was terrified, I remembered that one of the doctors treatments was locking me ina tiny room like thisfor days and days.
"Its for your daughter, Kath, its for her," I whispered to myself, trying to gather my courage.
But every inch of my body resisted.
My brain mixed past and present.
---- Still, I threw the vase in first and rolled up my dress.
My pale hand pressed against the cold edge of metal and wood.
The dumbwaiter wobbled precariously.
Iclosed my eyes, dizzy, my chest tight, but I forced myself to lift my legs and climb inside, curling up within those four walls, knees pressed to my chest.
Icast one last glance at the wardrobe I was leaving behind.
I knew this was complete madness, but I took the final step and pulled the ted lever on the side.
The mechanism whirred to life.
Tnearly hurled myself back out when the doors began closing, but my determination to find my daughter outweighed all my fears.
I clung to the sidewalls as I was swallowed into the darkness.
The tremors of the rickety descent shook my entire body, as I plunged deeper and deeperinto an unknown and dangerous underground.
###Chapter 708
---- 383.
SECRET EXIT KATHERINE Sweat poured down my body, my teeth chattering uncontrollably inside my mouth.
It felt like the seconds were stretching into hours.
T could hear the rattling of the pulleys as they passed through the wheels, the screech of metal against stone, and the wood trembling.
It only lasted a moment, yet to me, it felt like an eternity.
When I finally reached the end of my descent, the dumbwaiteror whatever this box wascame to a stop.
Tstayed still, silent, listening only to my own ragged breathing and the frantic pounding of my heart against my chest.
I opened my eyes slightly, feeling the dampness on my lashes.
My hand reached out to pull the lever.
Beyond these metal walls, I might find my deathI didnt know.
But there was no turning back now.
With a screech, the doors began to open.
I pressed myself against the back of the compartment, fighting off my ghosts, bracing myself for a battle.
But none of that was necessary.
Outside, it was dim, looking like an underground space.
I wasnt surethere was little airflow, and the stench of dampness, rot, and decay was suffocating.
---- Swallowing hard, I forced my stiff muscles to move, stretching my legs to slip them over the edge and climb out clumsily, still trembling slightly.
Iremained on high alert, scanning my surroundings.
Dark stone walls greeted me.
It was a small space, like a storage cellar.
My boots echoed in the deathly silence, broken only by the steady drip of water from some moldy corner.
I covered my nose with my handthe stench was unbearable, like a tomb.
It was obvious this place hadnt been used often, but what caught my attention the most was the arched opening leading into a dark corridor.
Thesitated for a moment, but there werent many options.
I jumped suddenly as I heard the metal doors slam shut behind me and the mechanism activate.
The dumbwaiter was returning to the surface, straight to the wardrobe.
Was it automatic, or was someone else coming? I had to hurry.
Clenching my fists, 1 decided to follow my magics instincts.
I rushed toward the tunnel, plunging once more into the thickest darkness.
At first, I walked cautiously, afraid I might step into a hole.
I could feel tiny creatures skittering along the walls, the ceiling, the floor.
Faster steps, then quicker, almost running...
finally sprinting toward the exit of this claustrophobic pit.
###Chapter 709
---- If Lavinia had been taken through here, my poor child must have been terrified.
Panting, my clothes clinging to my sweat-drenched body, dirty and still shaken, I finally emerged into a slightly more open space.
Still small, but I couldnt see much around meit felt circular.
T looked up; faint beams of light filtered down from high above, many, many meters overhead.
Was this the bottom of an empty well? It seemed so, but nowhow do I climb up? There had to bea ladder, maybe another dumbwaiter, I didnt know.
Though reluctant, I had no choice but to start feeling the cold walls blindly.
I nearly vomited when my fingers sank into something slimylike mold mixed with filth, wet, disgusting, slippery.
"Aah!" Lyanked my hand back, shaking it wildly as something crawled up my arm.
"Please, show up soon.
Goddess of the supernatural, help me," I whispered, running my hands frantically along the walls, pacing in circles.
Something fell on my shoulder and into my hairI shook it off, trying not to feel the tiny legs nearly slipping down my neckline.
My face contorted in absolute disgust, barely breathing in the stench, dizzy, and struggling against the darkness ---- At last! Covered in grime, trembling, and itching from bites, my hands latched onto a cold metal pipe.
Asurge of relief flooded meit seemed to be a ladder anchored to the wells wall! I clung to it, placed my feet on the lower rungsthey seemed sturdyand began climbing toward what I hoped was an exit.
"You can do this.
Come on, Kath, you're almost there," I encouraged myself.
I glanced down into the dark abyss below.
A fall from this height would be fatalI couldnt imagine how they had transported Lavinia up.
Tkept climbing and finally reached the top.
Something was blocking the entrance; a slight breeze filtered through the cracksit looked like a wooden plank.
Holding onto the ladder with one hand, I stretched out the other, praying they hadnt weighed down the exit with something too heavy.
I pushed with all my strengthit was heavy, but it moved.
Slowly, I began sliding it aside.
Sweat dripped down my forehead, running to the tip of my nose.
I huffed from the effort, but my perseverance paid off.
A rush of air hit my face, making me gasp for breath, reviving me.
---- With renewed strength, I kept pushing, creating a gap big enough to squeeze through.
I pulled myself up the last few steps, gripping the thick stone edge, and managed to hoist my torso out.
I realized it was a welland there didnt seem to be anyone waiting for me.
Letting myself drop over the edge, I tumbled onto the wild grass of the forest with a dull thud.
I groaned at the impact, my senses on high alert.
I couldnt forgetthe enemy was still near.
###Chapter 710
---- 384.
SAVING MY DAUGHTER KATHERINE Ilay on the ground for a second, catching my breath, staring at the distant treetops, filling my lungs with fresh oxygen.
T coughed softly and sat up.
Beside me stood the stone well I had just climbed out of.
In the distance, the silhouette of the castle faintly outlined itself against the evening sky, the last orange rays of the sun casting a glow.
This had to be some secret exit from the Dukes residence.
I got to my feetthere was no time to lose.
Every second counted.
Quickly wiping the dirt from my palms, I checked the red seal, concentrating.
The signal hadnt faded, and it was pointing me ina direction through this tangled woodland.
With a furious tug, I tore the skirts of my dress, ripping away several layers.
I needed more agilitythey had nearly tripped me several times, and the weight was unbearable.
Now with my boots free, I took off running toward the path traced by the red line.
Jobb Crouching behind the bushes, I pressed a hand to my chest, trying to steady my breathing.
---- I peered through the thick white mist rising around me, darkness quickly swallowing this old forest.
A wooden cabin stood in the clearing rustic, isolated.
My eyes narrowed, trying to make out the figures moving behind the dirty windowpanes.
A dim light flickered inside.
Two people.
That had to be him and his treacherous mother.
What do I do now? Goddess, light my way, please.
I scanned the area, searching for a weapon, and spotted a thick branch fallen from a cypress tree.
Crawling, staying low, I moved to grab it.
I couldnt see much, and that worried methis area was dangerous.
I had heard there were swamps.
Iwas preparing to move closer, silently creeping toward the cabin, when a commotion caught my attention.
My heart nearly leaped out of my chest as the door burst open and a small figure dashed out.
Lavinia! I sprang to my feet, ready to run to her, to call her namebut she disappeared into the forest before I had the chance.
She was fast, and with the shouting and cursing coming from inside the cabin, she wouldnt hear me.
You useless fool! I told you not to untie her!" ---- Run! She cant have gotten far!" They were arguing, but I didnt waste another second.
I sprinted through the trees like a madwoman.
My plan was to cut Lavinia off before she got lostor worse.
###Chapter 711
---- In the distance, a flash of movement.
That manFrancishad just stepped out of the house.
Thad to reach my daughter first, and even better if I wasnt seen.
I had never run so fast in my life.
Branches scraped against me, roots caught at my feet, but I never stopped.
"ahh!" I crashed to the ground, hitting my forehead.
My weapon slipped from my grasp, rolling a meter away.
Pain burned through my legsI had to be bleeding, covered in scratches.
The scent of my own blood filled my nose, sharp and stinging.
Still, I forced myself to get up.
T swallowed a pained whimper as I felt a tear in my right knee.
Limping, I retrieved my branch and was about to keep moving when, through the silhouettes of the trees, under the moonlight breaking through the clouds, I saw it Lavinia.
That bastard had caught her.
He grabbed her by the arm roughly, yanking her.
She sobbed, struggling with her small body, screaming for him to let her go.
Fire roared inside me when I saw him slap her across the face.
That fucking bastard ---- Clenching my branch, I crept forward.
I stepped out from the cover of the trees, praying he wouldn't sense me, wouldnt hear the crunch of leaves under my feet.
Maybe it was my magic, fueled by my desperation, but the moment he raised his hand to strike her again because Lavinia had collapsed, refusing to walk.
1 lifted the thick branch with all my strength and smashed it against his head from behind "What the fuck?!" He howled, raising a hand, trying to turn around hit him again, harder, screaming in fury.
I watched him crumple to the ground.
Run, Lavinia! Run!" I shouted, shaking her from her shock.
Her teary eyes met mine across the small gap between us, and I rushed to grab her hand.
"Mama!" she cried, throwing herself at me, sobbing.
I knew she was terrified, but now was not the time to break down.
"Come on, baby, run! Run, sweetheart, run!" I tugged her little arm, her short legs struggling to keep up, weak but steady.
I felt completely drainedthis magic I had used today was taking atoll on me.
But my will to save her overpowered everything else.
Through the thick white mist obscuring my vision, through the eerie whispers of the night creeping from all sides, I searched ---- desperately for the castle.
Thad to remember the way.
"Aah!" Lavinia couldn't keep going.
Her exhausted legs tripped again, and this time, she nearly fell flat on her face.
###Chapter 712
---- 385.
CAPTURED KATHERINE sweetheart, careful!" I caught her in my arms, breaking the impact.
She was gasping for breath, completely leaning against meI could feel her tiny heart racing wildly.
"Baby, just a little more, honey.
We're so close.
We cant stop." cast a nervous glance toward the path ahead.
I couldnt see clearly, but I knew the monsters were out there.
I crouched in front of Lavinia, who could barely speak, still trying to catch her breath.
"M-Mama, Im so...
so tired...
Mama...
Im scared..." She threw her arms around my neck, sobbing again.
All I could do was stroke her head and back, my heart aching at the bruises marring her delicate face.
Those filthy bastards hadnt, even spared a child.
"My love, I know you're tired, but I cant carry you, sweetheart you're too heavy.
We'd never escape." I wiped her tears away with my fingers, pressing a soft kiss to her dirt-streaked forehead.
We were both a mess.
Just a little more, my love.
I promise we're almost there." I started to stand, but thenher exhausted face suddenly twisted into pure terror.
---- Its him!" The scream was all it took for me to spin around.
I barely had time to shove her away from me.
"RUN, LAVINIA! Run to the castle, baby! Ill catch up to youIll catch up!" I ordered frantically.
She hesitated for a second, but then, with relief, I saw her turn and flee.
Lintended to do the same, but deep down, I knew I wouldnt make itin time.
So the moment I felt him closing in behind me, I lunged toward a patch of jagged rocks on the ground.
"Aasshhh!" I gritted my teeth as I hit the earth hard.
Pain ripped through my ankles as something yanked them back brutally.
My nails scraped against the dirt, my hands clutching desperately at one of the rocks.
Before he could pin me down, I twisted to face himhis furious face, twisted with rage, nearly foaming at the mouth like the disgusting mutt he was.
T swung the rock up to knock him out, but this time, he wasnt so easily caught off guard.
"You filthy whore! How dare you hit me?!" "Aaah!" I cried out as he wrenched the rock from my grasp, his ---- rough hand clashing against mine.
###Chapter 713
---- The sharp edges sliced into my palm, blood dripping between my fingers.
I kicked at the ground, twisted my body, trying to break free before he could pin me down completely And just as he loomed over me, my knee slammed into his groin.
"Ahh, you fucking bitchGoddamn it!" he cursed, doubling over, gripping himself.
That second of agony gave me time to scramble backward, crawling through the dirt.
Pain screamed through my bodyI felt like I had been ripped apart.
But survival pushes even the weakest to their limits.
Exceptno matter how much my mind willed itreality was cruel.
"Where the fuck do you think youre going, you miserable bitch?!" His enraged scream froze me in place.
Thad barely stumbled to my feet, staggering, dizzy When his hands spun me around and slammed me against the trunk of a tree, knocking the breath from my lungs.
Erancis had me.
His fingers wrapped around my throat.
It didnt matter how hard I fought he only squeezed harder.
I clawed at his arms, desperate to dig my nails into his skin, his eyes, anywhere vulnerablebut this time, he wouldnt let himself be caught off guard.
---- He pressed his body against mine, his legs trapping mine, my hands pushing uselessly against his shoulders, his muscles taut with strain, He was a soldier, amanand I was just a tired woman, out of tricks, out of strength.
Now Ive got you, little wildcat.
I never imagined you'd be this intense.
I have to admit...
this is turning me on.
A lot." His vengeful voice slithered against my skin as he leaned in.
Tlunged forward, teeth bared, ready to bite himbut he jerked back, laughing mockingly.
His hot breath against my face disgusted me.
The sick, lustful look in his eyes made my stomach turn.
"Franciswhat the hell are you doing?!" A breathless voice cut through the haze of fear.
His witch of a mother.
Through the corner of my eye, I saw her emerging from the mist, stopping to catch her breath.
"How did you find us?! Did you come with someone else?" She advanced toward us, her face twisted in fury.
"Stop wasting time with stupid questionsshes not going to answer! Go that waythe brat cant have gotten far, and the swamp will block her escape! Catch her, now! Dont waste time!" He barked the orders at her.
They were still after Lavinia.
And the ---- word swamp sent pure terror through me.
Ifa child fell into those treacherous waters, she would never come back out.
###Chapter 714
---- 386.
THE MAGIC OF LOVE KATHERINE "No, no, leave my daughter alone, leave her! You can do whatever you want with me, I'll be your hostage, me!" T offered myself, but that old witch listened to her son and went after Lavinia.
"Let me go, let me go! Aaahhh, you damn psychopath!" I roared when his mouth bit me.
I felt his teeth breaking the skin of my lower lip, making me bleed before he pulled away, savoring it.
He had me trapped against the tree, completely controlled 1 couldn't escape.
"So you're willing to do anything, little Duchess.
What if I offer you a deal? If you behave, maybe I'll let your brat go." Suddenly, in the middle of my struggle, he said those words that made me stop and look at him.
T knew he was playing with me.
I understood perfectly well what he would ask of me next.
I had been through this situation so many times.
For a plate of food after days of starvation, for a sip of filthy water, for something to keep me warm so I wouldnt freeze to death in my cell...
how many times had I been forced to sell my body just to survive? "You're lying.
You wont let Lavinia go..." I rasped, his hand still ---- tightening around my throat.
"Who knows? In the end, that spoiled little brat isnt much use to me.
And I'd rather have a cooperative, obedient hostage than a rebellious one..." His free hand started tracing the curves of my breasts.
Every touch felt like it burned, my entire body resisting, refusing to give in.
"Tnever really noticed you before, your grace.
You used to be more ..
invisible.
But when I saw you todayfuck, I couldn't get the sight of those tits bouncing out of that dress at the castle entrance out of my head." "Mmm," I whimpered in pain when he twisted one of my nipples through the fabric.
His knee forced its way between my thighs, which I desperately pressed together.
"Tell me, Duchess, what do you think of my offer? Look me in the eyesI know damn well the Duke doesnt fuck you.
How long has it been since a man has been inside that cunt?" he sneered, his hand lowering, brushing over my stomach on its way down.
My breath was heavy, my mind in chaos.
I wasn't going to give inI didnt want to! Bile rose in my throat, ready to voit in his face.
And they wouldn't let Lavinia go, even if I let this sadist violate me.
Sacrificing myself would be foolish, but maybe I could make him ---- lower his guard.
"You're thinking about it too much.
My patience has limits..." "Fine." I opened my eyes and met his, filled with shameless lust.
###Chapter 715
---- Twas only thinking about escaping the moment he let his guard down, hunting down his mother, and getting my daughter back.
"T'll give in.
I'll do whatever you want if you let my daughter return safely to the castle." I lied, masking it with all the confidence I could muster.
"If you even try something, you damn harpy, ll gut your daughter right in front of you," he threatened.
But I could already feel his arousal pressing against my hip through the satin of my dress.
"Do you want to fuck me or not?!" I snapped, forcing bravery, and Timmediately saw the smug satisfaction on his face, the triumph in his eyes.
Ina blink, he was on me like a dog in heat, pinning me harder against the tree.
He controlled my every movement, tensehe was alert, not trusting my words.
His disgusting mouth buried itself in my cleavage, sucking at my skin painfully, trying to pull the fabric aside to grope my breasts.
Tears burned in the corners of my eyes.
Ishut them tightly, drowning in memories of past degradations and the one happening now.
---- Every limb trembled.
I bit down on my own brutalized lip to pull myself out of that endless loop of torment, my mind fractured.
Tcouldn't break down nowI couldn't.
Only with Elliot had I felt like a real woman and not an .
[had given myself to him because I wanted to.
Even my first time had been a naive teenage infatuation.
Lift your skirt and pull down your panties.
Come on, hurry up, whore! Fuck, youre making me so damn hard right now!" "Wait, step back a littleI can't take anything off like this..." "Forget it.
I'll do it myself.
And dont even think about running!" he said, leaning down hurriedly.
His rough hands lifted the tattered layers of my dress.
I felt them groping my thighs crudely, traveling up toward my core.
T looked at his lowered head in front of mehis neck, his back.
Rage consumed me.
What good was this damn magic if it had never helped me in my worst moments?Just a few crumbs of mercy...
"Now, now, damn it! NOW OR NEVER!" I roared inside my fragmented mind.
Something stirred in my chest, a powerful fluttering, a burning heat, an incredible surge of energy I couldn't comprehend.
I thought it was some kind of powerfire, acid, something! A weapon to destroy this bastard, who was already sliding his fingers inside my panties, writhing against me like a worm.
---- I braced myself to explode with him if necessary, but I wasnt prepared for what I saw when I suddenly lifted my head, answering the call of my soul.
Amassive creature emerged from the dense fog, rushing toward us, straight out of the worst nightmares imaginable.
It had come to kill.
Its murderous expression said it all.
It was here to take a life.
Or maybe two.
###Chapter 716
---- 387.
PSYCHIATRIC MADWOMAN KATHERINE The scream got stuck in my throat.
It was nothing but a blurheavy footsteps thundering against the earth, emerging from the deep forest, massive claws reaching for Eranciss back.
Its roar tore through the night, shaking the entire world.
The man who had me trapped had no time to react.
A shriek of agony filled the air when that fur-covered hand latched onto his throat, holding him like a ragdoll.
It lifted him over its head, wrenching him away from me.
Before my eyes, it stood like a giant merciless, red-eyed, its gaze like two frozen rubies.
The force of the impact made me collapse against the tree, hugging my knees tightly to my chest as if they could protect me.
Twas trembling, my teeth chattering, my vision flooded with crimson as a rain of blood poured from above.
Franciss body was shredded between its claws.
Its gaping maw didnt stop roaring, consumed by visceral hatred.
Organs flew through the air, staining the green grassan arm landed near my feet.
I curled up even tighter, trying to make myself invisible, hoping to ---- go unnoticed.
A few terrified tears slipped down my cheeks.
What was this creature? I had never seen anything like it in my life.
And after killing Francis, would it come for my head next? eee All my questions would soon be answered.
The slaughter was over.
It tossed the soldiers head aside as if it were nothing, Despite the situation, a dark satisfaction stirred within me at the sight of his torn, distorted faceempty eye sockets, muscles and bone protruding, brain half-exposed.
For a moment, I even forgot about his executioner.
But when my erratic gaze returned to the creature, I found it standing still in the middle of the clearing.
Rigid.
Like it had just realized something.
Then, its massive, lupine head slowly turned toward me.
That was its forman enormous dark-brown wolf standing on its powerful hind legs, like a towering, savage man but in its most primal beastly shape.
The thought of running crossed my mind.
It flashed through my head while those fierce eyes locked onto mine, filled with panic.
But I couldnt move.
I was frozenparalyzed by sheer terror.
###Chapter 717
---- I shrank even further, curling into myself as I watched it lower its front limbs, pressing them into the grass.
It advanced like an animal, one step at a time, slowly.
I stared at its fangs, sharp enough to tear my throat apart in a second.
Then it suddenly shut its mouth.
It felt like it was studying my reactions...
another step.
My heart pounded wildly.
It lowered its head even more, its ears twitching, guttural growls rumbling from its throatdeep, powerful.
And yet, I didnt know if it was just my mind spiraling into madness, but they didnt feel...
threatening.
Another step, then another.
I could almost feel its breath against my face.
The black tip of its nose was so close to touching mine, but I didnt dare move a muscle or even breathe too hard.
What if I played dead? Would it work? I shut my eyes.
For the first time, I was a complete coward.
I was going to dieI was sure of it.
And that damn, useless magic of mine wouldnt change a thing.
Why wouldn't this predator attack me? The idea that it was trying to put me at ease, lowering its aggressive stance so I wouldnt be afraid, was total bullshit.
Shit, shit, its too close! It...
it was sniffing me, and its growl grew a little louder.
Just eat me already, damn it! My daughter...
I couldnt save my ---- daughter! In the middle of my despair, something soft and wet slid over my cheek, wiping away the tears streaming down my face.
So delicate.
So gentle.
It didnt feel like it could have come from the same beast that had just torn a man apart with brute force.
The sensation returned, featherlight against my skin, then moved over my lips, making me whimper in pain from the wound Again, with such care, it traced the curve of my lower lip, then again, nearly slipping inside my mouth...
This...
1 dont understand...
Why does it feel like a kiss?! I must have gone completely insane.
Hallucinating.
I was ready for the asylum now.
sek ELLIOT "You're scaring her! Let me out, damn it!" "NO! You can't protect my female! Look at what that bastard was doing to hershe reeks of him! I hate him so much! If you had let me take control earlier, none of this would have happened! I would never have let her be hurt! I would never have left Katherine!" "Vorath, I already explained the situation! Let me out so I can talk to her, calm her down! You should have killed that man somewhere elsenow shes terrified of you!" "Dont call me by my
name! You have no right! Only Katherine can! ---- And fuck no, you're not coming out! I can comfort my mate just fine! Ill show her that with her, Im a good wolf! I love her! I only act this way toward those who try to harm her!" We had been arguing since the moment my inner wolf broke free from the chains I had placed on him.
Now, I watched through his eyes, adjusting to this strange sensation as my woman trembled beneath the overwhelming aura of my Lycan, while he licked her face all over.
I could feel his intense desires, his deep emotions.
He called her mate, his fated one.
That profound connection I had always felt with Katherine but could never explainmy beast had recognized it, even from within his prison.
1 knew I had been wrong to suppress him.
I had feared what I couldnt control and the consequences it would bring in this cursed realm.
Now, [had to figure out how to make my woman understand that this beastthe one who had just ripped a man apart before her horrified eyes and was dying to mark her with his scentwas none other than her husband.
The Duke of Everhart.
###Chapter 718
---- 388.
LET'S GO TO THE RESCUE KATHERINE This was the most bizarre and insane situation of my entire existence.
And yet, I was starting to realize that he didnt seem to want to hurt me.
I mean, how much sniffing and licking did he need before taking a bite? I dared to open my eyes just a crack, only to find dark fur dominating my vision.
My heart pounded wildly, and I felt the heat of his breath and the dampness of his nose...
inside my cleavage.
Iwas speechless.
Had I just escaped one pervert only to end up with another? A ridiculous thought crossed my dazed mindI needed to get out of this situation, find Lavinia.
If he was going to eat me, he should just get it over with.
My trembling hand inched upward, millimeter by millimeter.
I felt so small with this massive beast looming over me.
My fingers twitched uncontrollably, reaching toward his...
his...
where was I even touching? His snout? No, no.
What if he suddenly opened his mouth? The image of those fangs, the carnageit was all too fresh in my mind.
---- His ears? Too high.
His neck? Just as I finally decided to touch him, mere millimeters away, he lifted his massive head and locked eyes with me again.
T swear I was this close to pissing myself.
My hand froze mid-air I didnt even dare to breathe too hard.
I was terrified, yet at the same time, overwhelmed by a flood of strange, undefinable emotions.
In slow motion, I watched him glance at my shaking hand, which, from all the trembling, practically looked like it was waving goodbye.
He leaned toward it slowly, his ruby eyes studying both me and my outstretched limb I thought about pulling it back, certain he'd rip it off.
My gaze darted toward the bloody severed arm discarded nearby, and panic once again crushed any bravery I had left.
But before I could break into a hysterical scream, something soft and fluffy pressed against my dirty palm, still smeared with dried blood.
That untamed beast gently brushed the side of his powerful snout against my hand, almost as if he was asking to be pettedlike a damn domesticated animal.
I dared to push my insanity further.
My rigid fingers started moving, threading through the thick, dark fur, slowly gaining confidence.
###Chapter 719
---- ...
Elliot? His name slipped from my lips in a whisper.
Elliot was a werewolf.
I had never seen one transformed before.
Was this what they were like? No wonder the Elementals were terrified of them.
He huffed slightly, seeming annoyed.
His long tongue started lapping at my scrapes, between my fingers, covering them in warm, wet saliva.
It tingled a little, but it dulled the pain.
Elliot, is that you? I dared to ask again, this time with more urgency.
If it was him, if he wasnt going to eat me, then we couldnt waste any more time on nonsense.
He pulled back for a moment.
I clutched my heaving chest, tears streaming down my cheeks again.
He held my gaze and finally nodded.
That massive, wild, beastly creature nodded at melike a human.
And suddenly, nothing else mattered.
Elliot! The child! We have to find the child, please! I started begging, trying to get up, exhaustion weighing down my body.
A shadow loomed over me.
Waitwhat are you doing?! I screamed in fear when I saw him extend those powerful, razor-sharp claws.
---- I braced myself for more pain, Maybe I had been wrong.
Maybe this was all just the hallucination of my broken mind.
Before I could react, with unbelievable gentleness, he lifted me into his arms.
The powerful muscles in his arms supported my weight beneath my thighs.
Instinctively, my hands gripped his enormous shoulders, shaped like a humans but impossibly massive.
He rose onto two legs again, keeping me pressed against the protection of his thick, plush chest.
He smelled incrediblecomforting, intoxicating.
The scent calmed my frantic, tormented mind.
Over there, Elliot! They went that way! No, nonot this way! I exclaimed when I saw him heading back in the direction he had come from.
A low, vibrating growl rumbled through his massive muscles.
He held me tighter, preventing any sudden movements, but kept movingstill in the wrong direction.
Could he not understand my words in this form? What should I do? Panic crept in.
But then I saw him crouch beside a shadowed tree.
I twisted around to look down and saw him picking something up something moving.
It looked like...
a sack? A filthy one, stained with dark splotches.
---- Once he had it, he gripped it between his claws.
He carried me with his other hand, and then, at last, he sprinted in the direction I had pointed.
I clung tightly to his fur as our speed increased.
His grip on my waist was nearly painfulhe was afraid I might fall.
The wind howled, whipping against my face, drying my eyes.
Sometimes, I had to turn my head, but I didnt care.
I endured it, clenching my teeth.
Only one thing kept me goingthe overwhelming joy of knowing we were getting closer to Lavinia, with an unstoppable force on our side.
###Chapter 720
---- 389.
HOSTAGE FOR HOSTAGE KATHERINE The ground rumbled beneath his steps, the dark treetops looming close above us.
T looked up at his beastly features.
He sniffed the air and changed direction.
His furry ears twitched, catching every whisper of the night.
So powerful...
It was unbelievable that Elliot was this creature.
Ahigh-pitched scream tore through the forest, sending shivers down my spine.
"That's Lavinia, its our daughter!" I screamed, my heart lodged in my throat, twisting desperately to see ahead.
The trees cleared, revealing a sight that froze the blood in my veins.
A rickety suspension bridge, crudely built with vines and wood, stretched between two distant edges.
Beneath it lay a deep gorge.
Below, the swamps murky green waters appeared still, but dark shadows slithered just beneath the surface.
It was infested with alligators.
And now, on that unstable bridge, that damn witch held my daughter by the arm, forcing her forward toward this side.
A bone-chilling roar made the woman stop in her tracks, her gaze locking onto us in astonishment.
She didnt even seem to see me.
---- Her eyes were fixed solely on the powerful beast advancing toward the edge, threatening her with each step.
"Aaahhh!" Lavinia screamed at the sight of him, sobbing, terrified beyond measure "Tts me, Lavinia! Dont be afraid! Im your mother! Put me down, let me go!" I started pushing against Elliots chest, my boots dangling in the air until he gently placed me on the ground.
I didnt hesitate for a second before rushing to the bridges entrance.
Peering between the rotting planks, I saw a few loose bits of dirt crumble down, disturbing the water.
And then I saw them more clearlypredators, lurking, waiting for their next helpless victim to enter their domain.
Where...
where is my son, witch?! If...
if you or that monster try anything, I'll throw her off this bridge!" "Dont you dare! Let her go! Let Lavinia go! Without her, you have nothing! Youre already lost, but if you give her to me, we'll let you go.
I promisewe won't hunt you down!" I played the only card I had leftor so I thought.
"T dont believe a single word! Im taking her, and you'll return my children to me.
Otherwise, you'll never see yours again!" She clutched Lavinia like a vulture with its prey.
My poor daughter didnt even have the strength to scream anymore.
###Chapter 721
---- Her teary, desperate eyes met mine, and my soul clenched in my chest.
If that woman found out Francis was dead, she wouldnt hesitate to throw Lavinia to the crocodiles.
"Its...
its fine.
We'll bring you Francis, but you have to wait safely on the shore, we" BAM! Aheavy sack dropped near me, making me jump and cut off my words.
I could swear I heard a faint groan from inside it.
Now that the cold breeze swept through, a pungent stench of urine hit my nose.
It reeked of terror and death.
Elliots sharp claws tore through the fabric, exposing I covered my mouth with my hands, my eyes widening in shock.
For the love of the heavens...! It was a woman! Her eyelids fluttered open, and she shot me a look of pure hatred upon recognizing me.
But the moment she saw the massive werewolf at my side, she started making strange noisesshe was crying, tears rolling down her filthy face.
Her distress only grew when Elliot stepped closer, growling menacingly.
I didnt know who she was.
Why had he carried her all the way here? ---- He grabbed her by the hair and yanked her up into the air with brutal force.
Bile churned in my stomach at the sight of her arms bound behind her back, wrapped in blood-soaked clothsonly up to the wrists.
They had cut off her hands! "ALEXIA!" The housekeepers scream connected the dots in my mind.
Her face mirrored minethe face of a mother watching her child in danger.
It seemed this Alexia was her daughter.
I vaguely recalled hearing she had one.
Elliot roared toward the bridge again, lifting his hostage by the hair.
The woman barely balanced on her toes.
She opened her mouth to unleash a scream, but what came out was a broken, distorted silent cry.
My hands trembled against my lips.
My mind reeled from shock after shock.
For a brief moment, I even felt pity.
Her tongue had been crudely severed.
Her parched lips were caked in dried blood.
Thad no idea how she had endured so much pain for this long.
---- What did you do to my daughter, you monsters?! You damn bastards, 11 kill this brat!" "NO!" I snapped out of my trance.
Any fleeting pity vanished in an instant when I saw the bruises on my childsaw her sobbing in despair.
That womans nails dug into Lavinias arm, leaving bloody marks.
My Lavinia was innocent.
The only truly innocent one here.
"Give me my daughter, and well give you yours! No tricks! But if you hurt her, I swear on everything that exists1ll slit her throat right in front of you!" I yelled, stepping closer to the hostage.
Tdidnt care about being cruel.
Another monster.
If I was already insane, what did it matter? Islapped Alexias face hard and grabbed her by the hair, too.
"NOW! WE TRADE NOW!" I roared with pure fury, though inside, my heart was gripped by terrorfear that she might actually throw Lavinia into the abyss.
###Chapter 722
---- 390.
AT THE EDGE OF THE ABYSS KATHERINE "Come closer with Alexia, but leave that monster behind, or theres no deal!" I looked at Elliot; he didnt seem willing to let me go.
"I need to do this.
Dont worry, I can handle it, can," I told him, trying to calm him down.
He wasnt happy at all.
He shifted restlessly, growling.
"Besides, you cant step onto the bridge.
Youre too heavy; it wouldnt hold," I pointed out another logical reason.
IT wasnt exactly sure how his transformation worked.
In the end, after much persuasion, I placed my feet on that rickety, swaying bridge.
It was narrow.
I held the woman in front of me, keeping a tight grip on her.
She kept struggling to break free, but I wouldnt let her.
My Lavinias life depended on it.
"Stop resisting.
If you cooperate, this will be over soon." I shook her slightly, gripping her tied-up arms tighter, enduring her stench along with the swamp gases rising like the smell of rotten eggs.
Imoved forward, nearly dragging her.
She nearly slipped through one of the old boards that gave way beneath her weight.
---- "Alexia, hold on!" her mother shrieked in distress.
As [kept her upright, moving carefully across the bridge, I saw the housekeeper inching toward us, holding my little girl.
Step by step, meter by meter, we moved closer.
Inher desperation, Mrs.
Prescott even got ahead of me.
"Give her to me! Lets count to three!" she shouted, barely two meters away.
"Eine, but understand thisif you mess with my daughter's life, that predator back there will hunt you through the forest.
Think carefullyyou cant outrun him!" I threatened her coldly, wary of her tricks.
"T won't do anything, but you have to let us go! The deal is that you'll let us leave! I know you must have killed my son! I wont let you take Alexia from me too!" We finally reached an agreement.
Anyone listening might think she and her thugs were the real victims here.
"sweetheart, run to me when I say one...
Three!" I began counting, locking eyes with Lavinia Iwas so proud of her.
"Two!" My heart poundedboom, boom, boom.
The swamp water splashing below squeezed my chest with anxiety.
###Chapter 723
---- "One!" I finished the countdown, watching as she let go of Lavinia.
I did the same with her daughter.
Despite everything, I had intended to honor the exchange.
I truly meant to return Alexia, at least for now.
We would deal with the rest later.
Like in slow motion, I saw Lavinia move nimbly across the wooden planks, dust rising in the air with each step.
The bridges sway made me nervous, the vines creaking under the strain.
"Alexia, run, daughter! Come on!" she urged her child forward.
And thenthe most critical moment.
"Let Lavinia pass!" I yelled, already rushing forward.
But she didnt move.
suddenly, a terrible premonition struck me.
"NOOO! LAVINIA!" I screamed in terror as my daughter ducked to slip between her legsonly for that damn woman to kick her with a force she had clearly been hiding.
I felt the blood in my veins freeze solid as I watched Lavinia slip between the vines.
She clung to the planks, screaming, dangling over the void.
I lunged forward just in time, seeing her small hand losing its grip.
The old board had snapped under her weight; the few remaining hemp ropes were giving way.
My larger hand seized hers with all ---- the strength I had left.
"Hold on, sweetheart! Lavinia, dont move too much; Im going to pull you up! Grab onto Mommy with both hands, baby!" I shouted, watching her struggle, her fingers slipping from the sweat.
She managed to clasp both of her little hands around my wrist.
But I wasnt exactly in a stable position myself.
"ahh!" I cried out when a pair of booted heels dug viciously into my spine.
Again and again, someone stomped on me, and I couldn't stop it.
"Leave her, Alexia! Lets run, damn it, run!" The kicking stopped, and I heard their footsteps retreating across the planks.
It didnt matter that I was in excruciating pain or on the verge of passing out1 held onto that tiny hand with every ounce of my determination.
arrrgh!" I pulled with all my strength.
Suddenly, the bridge rocked violently.
Noit couldnt be that they had reached the shore and were already trying to collapse it! It was too soon! Even in my agony, I could feel Lavinias grip weakening, Her glassy eyes fluttered half-shut.
"No, noLavinia, keep looking at me! Dont fall asleep, baby! Dont pass out!" ---- I kept pulling, harder and harder, but she was too heavy.
She was barely cooperating now, her hands slipping from mine.
Then, she lost consciousness, her body hanging limp in the air.
Holding onto her was nearly impossible.
Aaaahhh, come on!" I growled like a madwoman, panting, gasping.
My feet scrambled against the planks; I tried to at least get on my knees for better leverage.
Just when I thought my world was about to shatter, a powerful masculine hand shot past my head, grabbing Lavinias wrists and yanking her up with the strength needed to save her.
She fell onto me with a dull thud, sitting on the worn-out planks, sobbing, clinging to me in sheer terror.
"Elliot..." Through my tears, I called out his name, lifting my head to find him standing before memy Duke, my powerful werewolf, my anchor.
###Chapter 724
---- 391.
SAFE REFUGE KATHERINE Ina matter of seconds, Elliot had his arms wrapped around us, pressing us protectively against his broad chest.
"Kath, we dont have time to lose.
Theyre going to cut the bridge.
Lavinia will be fine, trust me, my love, trust me.
Dont be afraid of that lycanhes my wolf, and he loves you with all his being.
We both do," he confessed urgently, caressing my tear-streaked cheek.
The bridge was still vibrating.
It seemed those wretched women hadnt reached the other side yet.
There was no time for romanceonly survival.
I nodded, trusting him with our lives.
I did everything he told me.
I was no longer afraid of the beast behind the man.
"No matter if you choke me, dont let go of my back for anything in the world!" he roared, his voice already shifting.
"Yes, yes! Just hold onto Lavinia tight, please!" I begged, climbing onto him, my legs wrapped around his waist, my hands nearly strangling him by the neck.
I felt his body shifting beneath megrowing, doubling in strength, his skin sprouting thick fur...
What?! He was shifting on the bridge! It wouldnt hold! As I experienced one of the strangest moments of my life, our enemies were nearly at the other side.
---- see ALEXIA "Come on, daughter, were almost there! Hurry, Alexia!" I heard my mothers shouts as if from far away.
I moved on instinct, dark shadows blurring my vision.
Only raw hatred kept me going, pushing out the last scraps of strength I had left.
To take even a fraction of revenge for what they had done to me.
That precious daughter of hers wasnt worth what I had lost today.
I still remembered the blade slicing my fleshmy hands, my tongue.
The unbearable pain, the tears, the desperate screams, the agony.
Thad lost so much blood I didnt even know how I was still standing.
Thad drifted in and out of consciousness for hours.
Maybe it was survival instinct.
Hoping for a tomorrow where I could take my revengea tomorrow that seemed more impossible with every step.
My mothers screams didnt matter.
I was at my limit.
And when the bridge began to sway like a swinging rope, creaking dangerously, my soul could only accept that this was truly the end.
---- "RUN, ALEXIA! NO, NO, SHES GOING TO COLLAPSE THE BRIDGE, RUN, DAMN IT!" she shrieked, yanking at me in desperation.
My feet tangled over themselves, and I fell hard, face-first onto the planks.
Some broke away, and I sobered up at the sight of my head dangling over the void.
Below, the predators were already emerging, hungry, waiting to tear apart whatever fell into their jaws.
"T'm sorry, daughter, Im so sorry..." "Mother," I sobbed internally as I heard her footsteps running leaving me behind.
She saved her own life.
Thad sacrificed mine.
1 abandoned the man I loved, seduced one I despised, all for the so called well-being of our familyfor the sake of climbing the social ladder, selling my soul in the process.
And just as the bridge split in two with a deafening crack that shattered the night, just like my body, I felt myself plummet into the abyss.
Theard a scream nearby, along with the wind howling in my ears.
###Chapter 725
---- At least she didnt make it either.
"Either we all win, or we all fall," 1 thought with a bitter smile, ---- recalling for the last time the words of the honorable Mrs.
Prescott.
"Mother, was it worth selling your children for a glory you never even reached?" seek NARRATOR SPLASH! SPLASH! The water splashed violently.
The sinister symphony of growls, tearing flesh, and frenzied chewing filled the depths of the swamp.
A struggle for food that had screamed just seconds before it died.
Inless than a minute, what remained of the two women floated atop the murky water, stained crimson.
The alligators roared, fighting over the juiciest, largest pieces.
And there, in that bloodied swamp, all of Mrs.
Prescotts ambitious dreams endedalong with her familys.
Clinging to the half-destroyed bridge that still hung against the rocky wall, a massive lycan and his mate held on tightly to his powerful back, watching the destruction of their enemies.
Katherine was the first to look away.
Gagging, she buried her face in her beasts neck, pressing him tightly against her, finally letting out a relieved sigh: This nightmare was over.
Elliot held Lavinia in one arm while using the other to climb the ---- remaining part of the bridgerelying purely on brute strength, sometimes digging his claws deep into the rocks surface.
The Duchess of Everharts brown hair danced in the wind currents, that roared through the canyon.
The moon cast its ethereal glow over the breathtaking sight of the beast protecting his two most precious treasures.
He ascended the last meters, reaching the forests edge once more.
Then, he moved forward, deeper into the woods.
The insects hissed.
The owls hooted, twisting their flat faces from the branches.
The shadows of foxes slithered through the darkness, hunting their prey.
Everything was returning to normaleven Francis corpse had disappeared into the stomachs of the nights predators.
Kath assumed they were heading back to the castle, that the Duke would shift back to his human form.
She was exhausted.
Her only concern was Lavinia.
But the powerful wolf continued onward, deeper and deeper into the dense forest.
He was searching for a place to keep his family safea place to heal them, to introduce himself properly to his mate.
After what felt like an eternity of wandering blindly, Katherine finally saw something ahead.
---- A set of rusted iron gates blocking their path.
Lifting her head, she squinted through the swirling mist, catching the outline of an abandoned mansion slowly revealing itself before her.
The lycan pushed open the gate, snapping the old lock as if it were paper, stepping inside.
And then, the Duchess remembered why this place felt so familiar.
She had seen it before.
In a photograph.
Many years ago.
It was the house her father had bought on the land bordering the Dukes castle.
###Chapter 726
---- 392.
THE MAIDEN AND THE BEAST KATHERINE 1 lifted my head, looking around with curiosity.
The stone path was barely visible under the thick blanket of dead leaves covering the ground.
The old mansion looked more like a decrepit house, with the tall statues on the rooftops stained black and covered in bird droppings.
limagined that after my dear father died, Rossella never set foot here again.
Elliot, you can put me down now," I asked in a soft voice.
My fingers itched to stroke the furry, comical ear twitching in front of my eyes, but I still had some reservations about this incredible transformation.
With a low growl, he moved a little farther into the overgrown front garden, the flower beds choked with wild plants that reached my waist, mosquitoes buzzing in the thick undergrowth.
The croaking of frogs echoed from the stagnant green water of a nearby fountain.
Elliot crouched down, and I stretched my feet until they touched the steps of the main staircase.
"shhh," [ hushed, limping slightly as my wounds finally caught up with me.
---- He turned to me immediately, still cradling Lavinia in his arms.
His front pawshaped remarkably like a human handreached gently for my exposed legs, his claws grazing the raw wound on my knee.
"Dont worry, its just a scratch," I whispered, meeting those penetrating eyes, which now fascinated me.
"How is our daughter?" T leaned forward to check on her.
She had regained consciousness during the journey, but the moment she saw Elliot, she fainted again from sheer shock.
Poor thing.
Later, Id have to figure out how to help her heal from all these traumas.
The powerful wolf let out another low growl.
I still didnt understand anything why wasnt he shifting back into his human form? Before I could voice my questions, he nudged me gently to climb the remaining steps.
And so, before him, I stepped into the mansion that had ignited the feud between my father and the Duke.
A set of double doors guarded the entrance.
Beyond the grand threshold, stained-glass panels, once vibrant, were now dulled by a thick layer of dust, obscuring their colorful designs.
---- I grasped the cold doorknob, feeling the presence of my wolf behind me, which gave me more confidence.
I turned it, andtrack! track! track! Locked, as expected.
A furry hand passed beside my waist, placing itself over mine on the handle.
CRACK! Just like that, with raw beastly strength, the ancient lock gave way completely, granting us entry with a chilling creak.
My dirty boots crossed the threshold, stepping into the grand foyer.
"Cough, cough, cough!" I covered my mouth as the dust swirled up from the stone floor, welcoming us in a suffocating cloud.
Heavy footsteps echoed behind me.
I turned, worried he wouldnt fit through the doorway, and sure enough, his massive frame nearly took the whole doorframe with him.
liot, cant you shift back?" I finally asked, a little concerned, while checking on Lavinia to make sure she was still okay.
A huff sounded above me.
I lifted my head to see him shaking his.
Honestly, he looked so cute when he wasnt tearing people apart.
###Chapter 727
---- But why couldnt he transform? Thad no idea, but I followed him as he moved deeper into the ---- house.
The grand staircase in the foyer led to the second floor, but he ignored it, seemingly familiar with the mansions layout.
Curious, I glanced into the sitting room as we passed through it.
The sofas and armchairs were covered in white sheets, now blackened with dust.
The fireplace was dark, its remains filled with charred logs and cobwebs clinging to every corner.
Only slivers of moonlight seeped through the stained-glass windows.
I instinctively stepped closer to my wolfshadows pooled in every corner, sending shivers down my spine.
Through the narrow hallway, likely leading to the servants? quarters, Elliot stopped in front of a door.
"Here? Should I open it?" I asked.
He nodded again.
It wasa tight space, so I stood in front of him.
I could feel the softness of his fur brushing against mehis head seemed lowered, his breath warming the back of my neck, making me shudder.
I turned the doorknob and hesitated at the threshold, letting my eyes adjust to the darkness inside.
"Do I step in?" I asked uncertainly, unable to see much.
---- A low growl huffed against my back, and, swallowing hard, 1 stepped forward.
"This looks like a room..." I murmured, squinting.
The furnitures silhouettes slowly took shape in the dim light from the open door.
A small dresser stood nearby, and I immediately checked for a lamp.
Feeling around, I found a matchbox beside it.
This room had been used recently.
Bending as best I could, I struck several failed matches before finally igniting a flame and lowering the glass shade over it.
Fortunately, the lamp still had oil.
Raising it in my hand, I finally took in the rooma servant's quarters, with a modest bed, a chest in the corner, and the small.
dresser.
Aclosed door in the far corner likely led to a tiny washroom.
The sheets on the bed were somewhat dirty, but nowhere near as.
filthy as the rest of the house.
The dust was manageable.
Someone had been using this place.
You used to come here?" I turned to see him still standing in the hallway, those ever-watchful red eyes fixed on me, Lavinia still in his arms.
He nodded again.
---- "Hey! No, dont come in yet! If were staying here tonight, I need to clean, or Lavinia will suffocate in all this dust," I stopped him, deciding 1 at least needed to wipe things down.
"sit in the hallway, come on, so you dont get too tired." Like a good boy, he settled into the hallway.
I couldn help but smile at how oddly cute he looked being so obedient.
Fear faded from my heartbecause it was Elliot.
It was amazing how the mind could adapt.
Wasting no time, I tore more fabric from my dress.
At this rate, I'd end up looking like a brothel dancer.
With the strips in hand, I walked toward the small door.
"please dont let this be a pantry," I muttered, opening it cautiously, exhaling in relief at the sound of dripping water.
It was a tiny bathroomjust a sink and a toilet.
I started washing the fabric strips, grateful for the dim lighting so I wouldnt see the mold creeping across the porcelain, the yellowed stains, or the metallic stench of rusted pipes.
The cold, slightly murky water at least helped remove some of the grime.
Gathering my hair into a high bun and rolling my sleeves above my elbows, I began my workcleaning the space like a proper maid, all under the watchful gaze of a beast patiently waiting in the doorway.
###Chapter 728
---- 393.
TYING LOOSE ENDS DUKE THESIO sir, I saw everything from the shadows.
Luckily, I hadnt entered the camp yet.
They came like a plague and wiped out our men! The Duke of Everhart led the charge...
listened to my soldiers report, pacing like a caged beast inside my study.
He hadnt even had time to warn Arthur about the retreat.
Truth be told, deep down, I was relieved they had Killed him rather than taken him hostage as a witness.
Now, he could serve as my scapegoat.
Twould deny everything.
It was better to be seen as an incompetent Duke than to be linked to witchcraft and my plans to ruin Elliot.
Damn it! BAM! Tkicked the chair in fury.
So much money invested in raw materials and bribes, and what I stole from Elliot barely compensated for itit had all gone into feeding my soldiers.
I feared the Regents men would pay me a visit at any moment.
Knock, knock, knock.
I froze at the sound at the door.
---- shut up, I signaled to the soldier and motioned for him to open it.
yes? someone is asking for your lordship...
T told you not to disturb me! Are you deaf? I stormed toward the door and yanked it open.
This better be imporBrenda? Iwas stunned to see the woman standing beside my butler.
She pulled back her heavy hood, revealing her face.
She hesitated [ apologize for disturbing you, your excellency.
for a moment.
Her presence here, on my lands, told me she had considered my proposal.
My dear, I must finish something quickly.
Wait for me in the private salon.
Show her the way and treat her as the lady of the house, I ordered the butler.
I met her beautiful eyes for a brief second, and for the first time since I had known her, I saw something more than just disgust.
I watched as she walked away.
Now that Brenda was inside my castle, an idea formed in my mind.
But first things first.
Lets continue, I said to the soldier, shutting the door myself and locking it.
---- As he resumed his account of the massacre at the camp and how lucky he was to have avoided it, I leaned against my desk, my back to him, and grasped the sharp letter opener in my hand.
Islid the blade inside my sleeve.
yell done.
You did very well, I said, stepping forward, standing tall in front of him, my chest puffed with pride.
One hand rested on his shoulder, while the other gripped the handle of the letter opener firmly.
Thank you, sir.
And dont worryI swear on my honor that I'll keep my mouth shut about what happened, he added, full of confidence I never doubted it for a second.
I know very well you wouldnt betray me.
Before he could realize my intentions, I swiftly lifted my arm, rolling the weapon smoothly in my palm.
The sharp tip plunged into the side of his neck in one swift motion, releasing a high-pressure stream of blood that I quickly covered with my sleeve.
###Chapter 729
---- His mouth opened in gurgling gasps, hands reaching out to grab me, to fight back.
His eyes widened, filled with shock and silent accusations.
I watched as the light of life faded from their depths.
['m sorry.
You were a good soldier.
Now, sacrifice yourself for your Duke one last time.
---- I stepped aside, letting his lifeless body collapse onto the carpet, where the blood immediately began to soak in.
I shrugged off my tunic and tossed it over the corpse.
Pulling a handkerchief from my trouser pocket, I wiped my hands clean.
Then, I pulled the golden cord, summoning my butler.
He arrived within minutes.
Wrap the body in the carpet and take it to the furnaces.
Burn it make sure not even ashes remain.
And needless to say, this soldier was never here.
He was one of the traitors along with the general, T said, dropping ice cubes into my drink.
The other guards present that day would soon suffer terrible and fatal accidents as well.
Yes, sir.
Dont worry, ll handle it flawlessly, he assured me.
I turned to face him.
you'd better, Alfred.
Because you know very well what will happen to your daughters if you ever think of betraying me.
N-No, sir.
You know Im loyal, he said quickly, lowering his head in submission.
Thope so, I muttered, downing my drink in one go.
Is Brenda in the salon? Yes, sir.
Inodded, heading for the door as he rolled up the carpet with the body inside.
I stepped over it carefully, making sure not to stain my boots with blood.
---- and replace the letter opener.
BAM! Islammed the door shut behind me, striding down the hall, scowling.
I would not make the same mistake as that fool Elliot, who had the enemy right under his roof and let them play him for a fool because he was too soft-handed.
I paid for the butlers daughters to attend private school.
At first, he had been so grateful, unaware that it was my way of ensuring his loyaltyof keeping his offspring as my hostages.
If he ever betrayed me, his precious little girls wouldnt make it home for the next holiday season.
Thurried to my chambers to change, just in case I had been splattered with blood, and to freshen up.
Not every day did I get the pleasure of finally caging that lioness.
I was certain of her surrender.
And I would savor every moment of it.
###Chapter 730
---- 394.
TAMING THE WILD BEAST DUKE THESIO Back on the first floor, I walked toward the lounge.
I pushed the door open and found her standing there, gazing at the garden through the window.
My eyes drifted to the tight dress she was wearingbold, just like everything about her.
The sexy curves of her hips and ass had me imagining all sorts of pleasurable madness under my bedsheets.
"Darling, have I taken too long?" I shut the door and approached her with a firm stride.
She turned around, flashing me a flirtatious smile.
"No, Your Lordship, it was just a short wait." Itook her by the shoulders and leaned in to kiss her cheeks.
As always, my lips lingered close to the corners of her mouth, right on the verge of claiming those luscious lips.
Brenda would usually turn her head awaytonight, she let me have my way "Did they treat you well? What brings you here so suddenly? Come, sit..." "No, wait, Thesio." She held onto my hand, refusing to sit.
---- "J'm not a woman who beats around the bush.
I'm here today to give you an answer to your proposal, which I hope still stands as a marriage offer." She spoke, and I could see the nervous tremor in her fingers.
Leaning back as I took a seat on the couch in front of her, I sprawled out lazily, resting my arms over the backrest.
For the first time, I felt like the dominant one in this little game we had been playing for far too long "Yes, the proposal was for marriage.
I've never lied to you.
My wish has always been for you to become my Duchess." I nodded, feeling like Thad the trophy in my hands as I caught the sparkle in her eyes.
"But, Brenda, after so many refusals and rejections, you must understand that Im no longer as eager about you as I once was." I kept my expression indifferent, masking my intense desires, now taking advantage of the fact that she needed me.
I knew damn well that Elliot must have kicked her to the curb, which was why she was here now.
"Besides, you show up all of a sudden...
Did the Duke of Everhart send you to spy on me?" "No!" she snapped instantly.
Her anger was evident, which only confirmed my suspicions.
That's over for good.
I realized that man isnt even worthy to kiss your boots.
I refuse to be 'the other woman anymoreI deserve ---- to be a wife." "Oh, really? And what makes you think Tm still willing to pick you up after all this? I have my pride too, Sapphire." Then, I'll just have to prove to you how far Im willing to go..." she purred, dragging out her words.
###Chapter 731
---- My body started reacting as she strutted toward me, slipping between my open legs.
Her seductive eyes never stopped devouring me.
This was exactly what I had always desired, always fantasized about having her like this, on her knees before me.
Her hands slid up my thighs slowly, red-painted nails raking my skin, sending shivers through me.
She almost reached my crotch, where my cock was swelling with blood, throbbing and hardening.
Iwas dying for her to touch me, my gaze fixed on her lipsjust like every time I watched her sing and imagined her sucking me off until my balls were drained.
"Mmm," I groaned as she leaned down, pressing kisses to my abdomen over my shirt, leaving behind sexy smudges of lipstick.
Her hands moved to unbuckle my belt and undo the buttons, my rigid outline straining against the fabric.
"T'm going to convince you that I'm worth having as your wife.
Every night, I can give you this pleasure and so much more, Thesio ---- "shhh." My head fell back as she suddenly yanked down my underwear, her hand expertly wrapping around my stiff length, stroking it up and down.
1 felt the fluids escape as my arousal grew.
My fingers tangled in her hair, and I firmly pushed her head down, enough with the teasingI had been waiting years for her to suck me off.
"You better put in the effort, and maybe I'll consider taking you back...
Ah, fuck...
shhh," I groaned at the first suction of those whorish lips I loved so much.
This woman was finally mine, but it burned me up inside knowing he had her first.
How many times had she already sucked Elliots cock? I shoved her head down, leaving her no chance to resist, thrusting my hips in powerful strokes, panting with lust as I watched myself slide in and out of that hot mouth.
Her half-lidded eyes, hollowed cheeks sucking, and her tongue inside, massaging my entire shaft.
Despite the gagging noises, I fucked her throat with relentless lust and pent-up fury, over and over, sinking deep without mercy, chasing my pleasure, which came fast.
"Ahhgrrr, fuck...
mm...
mmm..." I buried myself inside two or three more times, spilling my cum, which dribbled past her reddened lips and down her chin.
The sight alone had me hardening again.
---- swallow it all," I ordered, pulling out and smacking the wet tip against her cheek.
Twatched as she struggled between coughing and swallowing, a few tears rolling down her eyes.
Leaning in, I licked them away.
"You did well, Brenda, but it's still not enoughI need more proof of your unconditional love," I whispered sarcastically, gripping her breasts and groping them crudely, yanking down her dress "T'llaccept you, of course I will.
But now that you're in my hands, dear Sapphire, you'll pay for all your rejections...
and you'll tell me every secret you know about Elliot Everhart."
###Chapter 732
---- 395.
MY LAVINIA'S FATHER KATHERINE "Done." Clap, clap, clap.
I dusted off my hands, admiring my work.
It wasnt spotless, but it was livable and decent enough.
I glanced toward the hallway, where my good boy waited like a student before his teacher.
"Come, bring the girl, love," I called, watching as he rose onto his powerful hind legs, carefully carrying the child.
Now that the adrenaline was wearing off, his words from the bridge echoed in my mind.
As I watched him step through the narrow doorway with slight difficulty, I moved to help, my hands brushing gently against his strong forearms.
Elliot had said this creature loved me, just like he did...
Were they separate beings? Or the same? And he loved me? Just like that? So suddenly? Love, to me, was a serious word.
Our eyes methis wolfish, penetrating onesand for some ridiculous reason, I felt nervous My heart skipped a beat "ahem." I coughed, feigning composure.
"Lets lay her on the bed.
I found some clean sheets in the closet.
Did you come here often?" ---- I tried to make conversation, but he neither nodded nor shook his head.
With delicate care, he placed Lavinias small body onto the mattress.
Observing her closely, I noticed the tiny cuts across her pale skin, the bruises and scrapes.
Everything else faded from my mind.
"My poor baby...
Those bastards..." I swallowed the lump in my throat, clenching my teeth in rage.
Iremoved her dirty, tattered shoes and tucked her beneath the old blanket, which carried a faint musty smell.
It was that or let her freeze.
A low growl beside me snapped me back to the moment.
What is it?" I asked, watching him sit on the floor beside the bed, brushing against my thighs He opened his mouth and mimicked a swallowing gesture, then pointed at Lavinia.
"Eat?" He nodded immediately.
"Is there food here? A pantry?" I prepared to search for something to regain our strengthI wasnt doing great myself.
But he shook his head.
His rough hand took mine, guiding my fingers to Lavinias lips before opening his mouth.
You want me to...
what...
hold her mouth open?" I guessed after several failed attempts.
"Okay, like this?"
###Chapter 733
---- Igently parted her pale lips, revealing her small teeth.
What was he trying to do? I found out soon enoughand it terrified me.
I watched as one of his deadly claws sliced through his thick wrist like paper.
He immediately pressed the open wound to Lavinias parted lips.
"No! Wait, what are you!" I tried to stop him, but a deep growl froze me in place.
He leaned closerpractically over mewhile I sat at the edge of the bed.
Lavinia swallowed on instinct.
The dark red blood, thick like wine, flowed steadily down her throat.
My eyes widened as I witnessed the magic of that powerful liquid The abrasions, bruises, and scrapes vanished before my eyes.
The pallor of her soft cheeks flushed with warmth, turning rosy and healthy.
Elliot was healing her with his werewolf vitality.
"Elliot, this...
this is incredible," I breathed out in amazement, unable to hold back a smile.
My free hand instinctively stroked his arm, squeezing it lightly.
He was bleeding for my Lavinia, and my mothers heart would never forget it.
He had called her our daughter.
I knew he didnt truly see her as his, and I understood that.
But if ---- he was asking to be my partner for real, he had to accept her completely.
That wasnt up for negotiation.
After nearly a minute, he stopped and licked the deep wound on his wrist.
I quickly wiped Lavinias lips and chin.
She was still fast asleep, but her furrowed brow had finally relaxed.
I sighed in relief.
A sudden tug on my hand made me look back at Elliot.
Thank you, my Duke, I Elliot? Wait, where are you taking me?" He started pulling me out of the room.
I glanced back at the bed, ensuring Lavinia was safe, before closing the door behind me.
The hallway was dark once more.
He didnt stop, leading me back to the shadowy parlor where he finally released me.
Elliot, where are you going?" I called as he disappeared deeper into the mansion.
Thad no idea what he was up to, but I trusted him, so I stayed put, despite the ache settling into my bones.
Soon, I heard the heavy thud of his footsteps returning.
He reappeared, carrying an armful of firewood.
He must have gone to the woodshed.
He tossed the logs into the fireplace and began arranging them with care.
"T'll get the matches," I offered.
---- L understood immediately he wanted to start a fire.
Walking back to the room, I peeked inside.
Lavinia was still in the same spot.
I grabbed the matchbox and dimmed the lamp before stepping out.
This time, I locked the door with a key I had found in a drawer.
That made me feel much safer.
I didnt know the secrets of this mansion, and after what had happened at the castle, I wasnt willing to risk any hidden passageways or intruders trying to snatch my daughter away.
Here it is," I said, shaking the small boxas I stepped back into the cold room.
He was gone again.
Approaching the fireplace, I grabbed an old, soot-stained newspaper left nearby.
Lighting it with a match, I carefully placed it among the dry logs already stacked in the hearth.
Almost immediately, the warm, flickering glow spread through the room, chasing away the chill.
I took a better look around.
Well...
in the orange firelight, the place didnt seem that dreadful.
With a fresh coat of paint and a good dusting, it wouldnt be so bad.
What's that?" I turned to see him carrying a massive roll of fabric in one hand and a wooden bucket filled with water in the other.
What was this little wolf up to?
###Chapter 734
---- 396.
DUKE LITTLE MAID KATHERINE With exaggerated gestures, I understood once again that he wanted to throw the rug inside the fabric cover onto the floor, and the water was to remove the dust from the cold tiles.
1 do it," he growled when I tried to help.
"Alright, alright, wild one, fine..." Watching that massive beast clumsily passing a wet rag over the space in front of the fireplace almost made me burst out laughing inhis face.
A giggle escaped me as I saw him scrubbing diligently, completely focused, like a seasoned maid.
He lifted his head then, looking at me, clearly offended.
."" Tbarely managed to stifle my laughter.
"You missed a spot there." I pointed to the spot where his knees rested, like a proper lady of the house...
and he actually listened! Hahaha, the Duke Virgin...
no, no, the Duke Little Beast Scrubbing the Floors, hahaha...
My cheeks hurt from holding it in.
This one, I'll save for the future, along with the pig roundup.
The heat from the fire quickly evaporated the water.
1 dont know if it was because of his strength, but the tiles truly gleamed.
I doubt they even shone this bright when they were first installed.
---- The finishing touch came when he set the cylinder down in front of him and tore through the protective fabric.
I watched curiously.
Inside, a brand-new rug had been preserved.
He spread it out in front of the fireplace "Great job, my Duke!" I even clapped for him in praise.
His little eyes, glowing with the firelight, told me he liked that.
I still didnt quite understand the reason behind all these preparations, but when he sat near the fireplace, on the burgundy arabesque-patterned rug, and just stared at me, that fluttering sensation started again in my chest.
"You...
do you want me to stay and sleep here?" His response was to stretch out his hand, claws dark and sharp.
swallowing hard, I bent down slightly to take off my boots so I wouldnt dirty the rug.
"Mmm..." I groaned, and not out of pleasure The swelling in my knee was becoming very obvious, the pain unbearable, and I finally noticed how tight the leather was against my skin.
Elliot, I dont want to stain the rug.
Ah!" I clung to his shoulders as he lifted me into his arms.
With him, I always felt like a delicate doll.
1 found myself sitting on his lap, my legs hanging over the edge, the softness of his fur covering my body, the hard muscles of his ---- thighs pressing against my ass.
suddenly, one of my wildly lustful thoughts popped into my head.
I subtly rubbed against him.
I hadnt seen his "anaconda" in this animal form...
Was it hidden in the fur, in some kind of sheath or something? "Ouch." My disturbing fantasies shattered as the first boot fell off, revealing my swollen foot, looking like a ham.
The other was in the same state.
I exhaled in relief, seeing my poor sausage-like toes finally free.
Elliot...
thank you for coming, love.
I dont even know how you got there or how you found us, but thank you." T hugged his torso and rested my head against his massive chest.
I felt so protected by his side.
A deep growl rumbled in my ear.
A protective embrace wrapped around me, submerging me in that soft, furry cocoon.
He smelled exquisite.
That delicious citrus scent was even strongerthe scent of my man.
Did I love Elliot? I couldnt say for sure.
It feels like I just arrived in his life yesterday.
Istill havent processed the fact that were both freaks pretending to be "normal."
###Chapter 735
---- His body shuddered, making my eyes open, my heavy eyelids about ---- to close from exhaustion.
"Whats wrong, darling?" I looked up, sleepy.
His rough hand approached my mouth, moved down the black button of his nose, and caressed the tip of mine.
I smiled at the ticklish sensation.
The sharp edge of his claw traced my lips.
Instead of scaring me, I liked that feeling of danger and control.
Elliot, what are you doing?" I stopped him when things suddenly took a turn.
He was bringing that same claw to his wrist again.
His tongue flicked out, and he licked me on the mouth again, ready to open his veins and bleed.
I understood perfectly.
He wanted to feed me like he did Lavinia, but just the thought of drinking raw blood, even if it was his, made me feel sick to my very soul.
Tbarely managed to handle what happened with the girl.
The memories of the enormous lycan tearing Francis apart, of the alligators devouring those women, made my stomach churn and my throat tighten with nausea.
"No, Elliot, I dont want to...
I dont feel well," I admitted, placing ahand over my unsettled stomach.
He stared at me intently.
He made me nervous every time he did that, as if he was trying to read my mind.
---- The lycan lowered his massive head, pressing into the curve of my neck that I left exposed for him.
He inhaled deeply, anddamn his habitwhat an embarrassment...
I probably smelled like a dying possum.
"Elliot, no, love...
Im dirty." "Ggrrr..." His breathy snorts against my skin didnt stop.
His hands gripped my hips possessively, and before I knew it, I was being placed onto the rug, the powerful lycan towering over me.
I fell back, supporting myself on my elbows as his snout descended onto my chest, making no attempt to hide his growing lust.
He growled, licking me over the fabric.
I shuddered as his sharp teeth gently nibbled the hardened peaks of my nipples through the material.
The buttons of my dress were on the verge of popping open from his rough tugs.
I could refuse, I knew hed stop.
But my mouth whispered no in a soft voice, moaning with every syllable, while my breasts trembled with pleasure, bouncing free as the neckline of my dress fell open.
The corset around my waist lifted them even more, like a sinful offering.
Panting heavily, my eyes half-lidded, I gazed at the mighty beast approaching to devour them with dark growls of ecstasy.
---- To let myself be "defiled" or not to let myself be "defiled"? What a complicated dilemma...
###Chapter 736
---- 397.
DARK SEDUCTION ELLIOT Ggggrrr...
mmm, so good, more, sweetheart, give me more...
ssshhhh, you taste like pure heaven, little one...
mmm...
much better than feeling you through that idiot human of mine...
I didnt even respond to my wolfs insults, lost in his shameless lust, devouring my womans breasts.
Twas experiencing everything through his sensations andfuck this was so damn hot.
I moaned with him, feeling the same desperate urge to mount her as Vorath did, our body trembling and hardening.
Her soft, breathy moans slipping from her parted lips had us both rock-hard.
"sshhhh...
lower, more..." My rough voice begged for what our filthy thoughts craved.
"Dont tell me...
mmm...
how I should fuck my female...
damn.
traitor...
sshhhh, spread those legs wider for your mate, baby.
mmmm, let me taste that pussy..." This whole situation, which had started as a way to distract her so I could feed her while she was off guard, was quickly spiraling into something hotter, something far more dangerous ad KATHERINE ---- This was wrong, so wrong, but it felt so delicious! My sensitive nipples were being deliciously tortured, saliva trailing down my skin, his hot, bestial breath huffing in arousal.
I grabbed his ears, caressing his massive head as he buried it beneath my chin.
"Mmmm, baby...
sshhh..." I bit my lower lip, trying not to moan like a bitch in heat and wake Lavinia.
Maybe I should be thinking about the power of lycan blood.
No, no, this is dangerous to do here, but I locked the door and...
mmmm...
T lifted my hips, legs spread, with him nestled between them, the wetness pooling in my pussy, tingling, demanding attention.
I started grinding against the hard muscles of his body, his fur bringing a sinful, thrilling sensation.
The thick scent of bergamot clouded my senses.
Snorting, I felt him move lower down my body, growling possessively.
His sharp claws slid beneath my short skirt, pushing it up to indecent heights.
T opened my eyes, drunk on lust, just in time to see him grab my leg, lifting it slightly in the air before dragging his tongue over me, slow and deliberate.
---- Over every bruise, every cut, every wound.
He lingered at my knee, patient, again and again.
It tickled, but I realized his saliva was as magical as his blood maybe it didnt heal me completely, but the pain nearly vanished.
"Wait, Elliot, no, we shouldnt..." My words got stuck in my throat as a strangled moan escaped past my lips.
He climbed up my thighs, his beastly hands spreading them apart, with only a thin layer of ruffles keeping him from my soaked heat.
Propped up on my elbows, I watched as the feral beasts ruby eyes widened, his nostrils flaring before he buried his snout into my aching slit.
gsshhh, no...
I said no, yet my legs spread wider.
I said no, yet I lifted my hips toward his muzzle, letting him lap at my dripping pussy.
Tsaid no, yet as he moved to rip my panties off, I offered to take them off myself.
{ts...
its the only pair I have...
I even stammered out a pathetic excuse.
Faced with his predatory stare, that massive wall of muscle and power, I sat uppulling down my underwear, exposing myself completely to this transformation of my man.
My curious gaze caught something between his legs.
A thick, ridged spine emerging from a sheath of fur.
My heart nearly seized in my chest.
Thats not going to fit in me!
###Chapter 737
---- My hands trembled as I slid the fabric down my legs.
My wide eyes locked onto that thick, reddish head, glistening beads of pre-cum dripping from his swollen slit, sliding down, down, downcoating the pulsing veins, throbbing as they carried blood to keep that massive cock rock-hard.
Beneath it, heavy, fur-covered balls, full of my Dukes raw desire.
T swallowed hard as I slipped my panties past my feet.
Damn it...
if he impales me with that, its coming out of my mouth.
Still, my entire body shudderedand not from fear.
This was so wild, so filthy, but knowing it was Elliot, knowing this beast was my husband, only made my arousal spike.
That energy inside me craved him.
Leaning back without breaking eye contact, I clutched my panties in one hand and shamelessly spread my legs for him.
Js that better? I even asked, my voice husky, my wet heat fully exposed to his glistening eyes.
His pupils narrowed dangerously, a deep growl echoing off the walls as he inched closer, his gaze locked obsessively on my pussy.
bit my lip to keep from moaning when his dark nose began trailing up and downgliding from my clit to my ass, sniffing me, drinking in my scent.
Embarrassment flushed my cheeks, but damn it, I spread my legs even wider, making room for his massive head.
---- sshh...
mmm...
lick me, stick out that tongue and lick me like you do my tits, I murmured, dropping my hand to grab one of his ears, pulling him between my thighs with a sinful desperation.
ah...
ah...
ahh, yes, yes, yes...
mmm...
so good, baby...
That supple tongue curled around my clit just like it did my nipples, flicking and swirling with each stroke.
It was driving me insane, his hot breath washing over my swollen folds Then he lowered his mouthfull of razor-sharp teethand devoured my pussy.
Saliva dripped down my slit, trailing between my ass cheeks as he feasted on me like the most exquisite delicacy, T could see his dark head moving between my legs.
My back arched against the carpet as his tongue finally fucked my pussydeep, swirling, alow growl vibrating through me.
The tips of his canines brushed against my swollen folds.
Dangerous.
Thrilling.
So damn sinful.
Tbrought my hands to my breasts, kneading them, teasing myself even more.
My half-lidded eyes saw only flickering shadows on the ceiling, the warm glow of the fire casting an erotic haze over the room.
The tingling in my clit intensified with every greedy suck.
I twisted my nipples, groping the tender flesh, mimicking the way he had touched me so many times before.
---- jaahmmmmm...
I muffled my moan with my hand, my hips jerking up, ass clenching as I splashed his muzzle with my hot release.
His claws gripped my ass, lifting me off the floor, dragging me fully between his jaws.
aahih...
so good...
so fucking good...
mmm...
My pussy clenched around nothing as waves of pleasure crashed through me.
My mind spun, hazy with ecstasy, while his tongue writhed, drinking in every drop of my slick arousal.
He was hard.
So fucking hard.
And knowing that this beast was tured on for me, that he was losing control because of me, made me crave him even more.
Made me want to repay the favor to his eager anacondaeven if it left me jawless.
Fluttering my lashes, panting, struggling to catch my breath, I was suddenly seized by the waist.
Blliot! I gasped, still dazed, my body weightlessly shifted until I was on top of him.
###Chapter 738
---- 398.
MY HUSBAND IS A BEAST KATHERINE My legs were spread wide, straddling his thighs, my pussy landing right on top of that rigid shaft.
Mmm...
I shivered at the heat radiating from him.
His growl rumbled above my head, his claws digging into my hips, urging me to ride him deeper.
T could feel his lust pulsing between my open petals.
gshhh...
I moaned, burying my face in the fur of his chest, inhaling that intoxicating scent of sweet citrus that drove me to madness.
you're so...
so big in this form.
I cant...
mmm, baby, sshh...
so hot ..
ahh...
He started guiding my movements, dominating my hips, forcing me to glide my soaked heat up and down, coating that monstrous cock with my slick.
The worst part? I wanted to do it.
Clutching his broad chest, I began grinding against him, surrendering to this twisted pleasure, to the friction of our desperate bodies.
Ah...
ah...
ahh...
My parted lips panted against his torso.
Elliot growled like a madman, restless, gripping me tighter, moving me harder, our fire about to ignite.
Thad just come, and yet I was already at the edge again.
---- The massive beast suddenly leaned back, pushing against my spine, bringing me down over him.
Lost in my lust, in the rhythm of my riding, a strange sweetness filled my senses, so close to my nose.
I didnt know what it was.
Iwanted to open my eyes, but fuck, I was about to come again, moaning shamelessly, Elliot's growls like those of a beast in heat.
My head was pushed forward.
I clung to his chest, my lips brushing against something warm, a liquid dampening my mouth.
I swallowed on instinct and from that moment, there was no turning back Somewhere deep in my sex-fogged mind, I knew it was his blood.
But that magic inside me wanted it.
No disgust.
Just a voracious, insatiable hunger.
It was pure power, raw energy my depleted body craved.
My teeth sank in, drawing from the very essence near his heart, drinking from my mate, healing all my wounds.
Below, his cock kept working my dripping pussy, stretching me as I rode him, lost in the primal bond between us.
Ihad no idea how much time had passed.
I only knew I felt full.
Satisfied.
And yet, there was one more need I had to fulfill.
Elliot couldnt hold back either.
With an untamed roar, he lowered his head, licking my lips, a kiss of blood and sex.
---- Then, gripping me like his personal plaything, he lifted me off him.
I glanced down at his cockthicker, harder, dripping milky-white remnants, the swollen red tip gleaming like a desperate, starving fruit.
Ilicked my lips, full of lust.
Our eyes locked, burning with wicked promises.
ahh...
Elliot grabbed me, flipping me onto all fours, my ass high in the air, facing the fire.
Sweat dripped down my back.
My heart pounded like mad.
A liver of fear coiled in my gut.
Was he really going to take me like this? In his beast form? It was thrilling.
Insane.
I was so turned on.
But fuckthat anaconda wasnt going to fit! aahih, Elliot, wait, baby, no...
it wont fit.
Honey, just the tip, okay? This fantasy is so hot, but mmm...
sshhh...
there...
just the...
aahhh, fuck, yes...
that thick tip...
yes...
ahh, so big and hot...
mmm That fierce glans started pushing in, spreading my folds inch by inch, stretching my pussy wide to accommodate its size.
His entire massive lycan frame hovered over my back, careful not to crush me, his claws gripping my waist, controlling me as he slowly sank inside.
###Chapter 739
---- My breasts swayed with each trembling breath.
I spread my legs ---- wider, moaning through gritted teeth, pleasure laced with sharp, exquisite pain.
Trocked my hips back on my own, impaling myself, taking in just a little more of that monstrous cock.
He was holding back.
1 felt it in the way his claws trembled on my skin, in the way his tongue obsessively licked my nape, his massive frame curved over my smaller body.
I heard his deep, ragged growls, the desperate, lust-filled snorts against my skin.
Drops of sweat from his fur slid down my back as I writhed forward and back, taking in what I had claimed I didnt wantnow shoving it inside me by my own filthy will.
Twas out of my damn mind.
Crazy.
Fucking a perverted beast.
And I loved it.
Mmm...
more, my lycan...
wee ELLIOT Tnever imagined that merging my senses with my wolf would push me to this level of depravity.
Through his eyes, I saw the beautiful woman beneath himthe erotic arch of her back, the marks of my dominance, the sinful sway of her waist, driving us both insane with lust.
She was ours.
---- This incredible female belonged to us.
Oh fuck, baby, you're squeezing me so tight, Im about to fill you up...
grrr...
more, take me deeper, baby, just like that...
shhh...
so slippery...
Kath, I fucking love you...
My wolf was losing his mind from sheer pleasure, his beastly muscles locked tight, seconds away from snapping.
He gave her control, afraid of hurting her, but fuckshe wasnt making it easy.
That woman was pure fire.
She claimed she only wanted the tip, but her greedy little pussy had already swallowed half of our cock.
That delicious, vice-like grip around us had our balls aching.
It was getting harder to stay still.
Put your hand at the base as a stop...
mmm...
fuck...
and thrust gently, dont lose control...
sshhh...
you cant hurt her, I ordered, drunk on so many overwhelming sensations.
I thought he would fight back.
But no.
Snarling like a wild animal, his only instinct was to fuckto knot her.
He gripped his massive length, controlling his depth, and started thrusting, hesitant at first, almost afraid.
But her.
She was burning under us, bent forward in a mating stance, bathed in the glow of the fire, dragging us to dark, filthy depths.
Licking the sweat down the fragile curve of her spine, Vorath mounted his mate.
And fuck It felt like I was the one wrecking my woman.
---- The towering shadow of a massive, intimidating beast, hunched over, plunging into the delicate body of a small female.
Passionate echoes filled the dimly lit room, blending with the crackling flames Lovesick eyes devoured the witch who owned uswho filled our body and soul with the purest, most exquisite pleasure.
###Chapter 740
---- 399.
[BELONG TO YOU ELLIOT The thrusts became more frantic, the lycans hand moving further and further back, plunging deep into the swollen, tender slit.
A rough, pained cry jolted us awake.
Vorath immediately sat up, watching as a thin stream of blood trickled between Katherines petals.
No, no, Ive hurt her, Ive hurt my mate! he roared in panic, trying to pull away, but she...
No, dont stop, little wolf, Im fine, dont be scared...
mmm.
She reached back, caressing my lyeans thigh, Just not so rough...
ahh...
dont stop now, Im close, baby, fuck me more, give it to me again...
mmm...
Her demanding voice urged us on.
She pushed herself up onto her knees, her fingers stroking the fur, her soft hair fanning against Voraths chest, enchanting him with her moans, her erotic movements, still taking us inside, still impaling herself.
Her head tilted back, eyes half-closed in pleasure, but my wolf couldnt forget, despite the dark temptation.
He laid back over her body carefully, feeling her, wanting her so badly, possessively licking her nape as Kath used his cock, sucking it in and spitting it out as she pleased.
A sweet torture.
---- Let's switch...
mmm...
you do it...
I cant hold back...
shhh...
I cant ..
Ineed to thrust all the way in, my knot...
ggggrr...
its coming out, mark her, fuck, Elliot, mark her for both of us...
I need my mate .
You owe me...
For the first time, he spoke to me properly.
We agreed we both needed this woman like we needed to breathe.
My body was finally given back to me so I could enjoy her.
sob KATHERINE Iwas burning, and the pressure in my belly was becoming unbearable.
No matter how horny I was, I couldnt take in any more.
But with just the tip, oh, for heavens sake, I was on the brink of cumming againit would be a sin to stop now! I felt the change immediately.
He licked me again and again, as if reluctant to say goodbye.
The soft fur that brushed against me started to feel hardpure muscle, tense, drenched in sweat and testosterone.
A heavy weight fell onto my back, pressing my breasts against the carpet.
I propped myself up on my elbows, clenching my fists into the fabric as Elliot grew tired of letting me control the rhythm.
1 bit my lower lip to keep from screaming in ecstasy when that shaft buried itself to the hilt.
It wasnt as thick or massive as the beasts, but it still gave me so ---- much pleasuremade to satisfy me.
My ass bounced with the force of his thrusts, his heavy sacs swayed, his moans filled my ears, rough, wild, distorted, heating me up even more, He slid his hands under my torso, and while he fucked my pussy, panting like an animal, he kneaded and twisted my tits.
Mmm, such bliss.
Every time he grazed my sweet spot, my entire body vibrated.
The orgasm built inside me.
[, Elliot Everhart, a lycan, desire you as my mate, abond for all eternity...
mmm...
Katherine, we cant live without you anymore, we cant...
I want you to mate with me under the laws of my kind.
His wolfish words seeped into my senses, tangled in panting, sex, and lust.
Be the mother of my pups, I will take care of Lavinia as my own, as ours...
shhh...
baby, say yes, my wolf is dying to meet you, Im dying to have you forever.
Mmm...
Elliot...
The Duke grabbed my hair, pressing himself completely against me, his hips rolling in a sexy, maddening rhythmtoo seductive.
Yes, yes, I accept you, Elliot...
I want to be yours, you can only be my man...
mmm...
only mine...
ahahh! I cried out the guttural sound right as his deep bite sank into my nape, followed by the final thrusts.
###Chapter 741
---- Something primitive coursed through my veins.
At the place where ---- we connected, powerful streams of cum bathed the pulsing walls of my sheath, which clenched excitedly, releasing in turn.
A rough hand covered my mouth to keep me from screaming and shaking the entire mansion.
His growl melted into my skin.
Our overlapping shadows still moved over the carpet as my werewolf knotted me.
More than ever, I wanted to be pregnantto have his children.
And this time, not just to secure my position or protect Lavinia.
A familyI craved a complete family so much.
My eyes rolled back in sheer bliss.
I came, and he did inside me.
Something slipped out from within me, from my very pores, and flowed into Elliot.
My magic called to him, feeding on his strength and spirit.
I collapsed onto the carpet, my limbs trembling from exhaustion, from being on all fours, just taking his intense love.
He rolled me onto my side, against his chest, which throbbed powerfully.
Still intimately connected, I felt his soft licks and an extraordinary connection.
Elliots deep emotions flooded my heartand other feelings, wilder, more visceral, more...
animalistic.
Kath...
I.
A voice suddenly echoed in my mindit sounded nervous.
A sensation of seeing an untamed wolf emerged from the mist ---- of my thoughts.
Tam your wolf, my little mate.
My name is Vorath, and I belong to you."
###Chapter 742
---- 400.
PLEASURES THAT KILL KATHERINE My chest poundedboom, boom, boomwith the frantic beats of my heart.
The image became so vivid, so real in my mind.
He was beautiful.
His dark brown fur gleamed, and his wild red pupils seemed to stare straight into my soul.
Iwas speechless for a moment, unsure of what to say.
I had never imagined that presence could invade my senses like this.
{...
didnt mean to hurt you, sweetheart.
I just...
I just like you too much, my mate.
I might seem intimidating, but today, in the forest...
Im only like that with our enemies, he began babbling into my mind.
He took hesitant steps.
Despite being a powerful wolf with such an aggressive aura, I could see the uncertainty in his eyes.
Such a cutieso fluffy and worried about my feelings.
Do you fear me? Do you...
hate being mated to a bloodthirsty beast? No! I answered aloud.
Elliot, tell him no, love, I dont hate him.
I rushed to respond, shaking off my shock, trying to turn around, but that thick thing was still inside me.
---- A rough chuckle rumbled against my nape, followed by soft licks that soothed the sting of his bite mark.
He can hear you, baby.
Try using the bond in your mind.
I know its hardfuck, even Im still learning, Elliot told me, and I curled up against his arms again.
Naked, sweaty, skin against skin, my head resting on his strong bicep.
Only the warmth of the fireplace covered us.
Little wolf, I dont hate you, I thought with all my heart, closing my eyes.
You are my protector.
Thank you for saving us.
A joyful how! echoed in my mind.
I saw him raising his snout toward the vast sky of my thoughts.
T love you so much, my little witch.
I will protect you both.
You will never be in danger again.
I dont care about your past, I dont care about anything else.
You are my mate, Katherine.
You are my whole world.
Tears of emotion welled up in the corners of my eyes.
His words felt like caresses in my mind, like a balm, healing the wounds of a dark and shameful past.
They werent lying.
I could feel it through the bondthey loved me, me and only me.
J love you both so much too, Elliot, Vorath, I confessed without thinking, discovering it myself in the process.
It had to be lovecompanionship, compatibility, whatever it was...
But now that I had tasted the sweetness of their possessiveness, of ---- their intense emotions, this warmth in my chest, just the thought of losing them, of going back to being a lonely, bitter woman filled with hatred and resentment, truly drove me insane Elliot held me tightly in his arms, whispering words of love into my ear.
I confessed the powers I inherited from my mother, my tormented past, my secrets...
and so did he.
We entrusted each other with our souls and our lives.
We would be each others shield, and no one would ever threaten our family again.
With that conviction in my mind, in this house that had witnessed so much, I finally closed my eyes.
Love...
take care of Lavinia...
I murmured before falling into exhausted sleep.
Twill, little one.
We will, he whispered, his words fading into the lull of my dreams.
eee NARRATOR Many miles away from the mansion in the swamp Brenda lay sprawled on the bed, the sheets in disarray, stained with suspicious marks all over.
She took a drag from her cigarette holder, gazing at the mess on her naked body.
###Chapter 743
---- That bastard had fucked her like a damn animaland she was supposed to be the wolf here.
She clicked her tongue in annoyance, listening to him piss in the bathroom, followed by the sound of running water.
Spreading her thighs, she watched thick semen drip from between them.
Better if she ended up pregnant with the Dukes child.
That was the main goal, after all.
But Im not in heat, so itll be harder despite those herbs you took, her wolf warned her.
we cant do it during your heat, or we'll be discovered.
This has to be done as quickly as possible, she took one last drag from her cigarette, standing up and putting it out in the ashtray on the nightstand.
Dont worry, this pervert wont be satisfied with just once, she muttered with slight disgust at the sticky sensation between her thighs but moved toward her nearly shredded clothes anyway.
She picked them up from the divan and, with a carefully crafted expression, started getting dressed.
Sure enough, Thesio emerged from the bathroom, a towel wrapped around his hips, ready for more.
What are you doing, darling? he asked, moving to snatch her clothes away.
obviously getting dressed.
Didnt you already get what you ---- wanted? I need to go home, she replied, lowering her head.
Brenda, do you really think d let you go home at this hour, like this? Stay with me, get used to your new castle, Thesio said, trying to wrap his arms around her, but Zafiro stepped back.
Thesio, I went all the way with you because...
because I was truly willing to give myself to you, to prove my loyalty.
She pointed a finger at him, frowning.
I hope youre not lying to me, or you wont see me again...
Relax, relax, little wildcat, the Duke murmured, grabbing her by the waist and pulling her into him.
Enjoying her sensual curves, groping her ass, pressing against her firm breasts.
By all the heavens, now that hed had a taste, he craved her even more.
That passion, that madness in bed...
fuck, this woman surpassed his filthiest fantasies.
Tell me when you want the wedding.
The butler will go over the details with you, but you're not leaving my life, Brenda! he suddenly declared, raising his hand and gripping her throat hard enough to hurt her.
If you even think about playing me, about going back to Elliot Everhart, I swear Ill kill you with my own hands, he growled, his jealousy flashing dangerously in his eyes.
Let...
me go...
Thesio...
Brenda even faked a bit of fear, but inside, she laughed at this idiot.
---- This was exactly how she wanted himdesperate to crawl under her skirt.
This pussy is mine! Do you hear me?! Mine! He shoved his hand between her legs.
Brenda let out a small moan when two fingers suddenly thrust inside, moving fast.
Tell me, who do you belong to, Zafiro?! Who?! He yanked her hair back, forcing her to look at him as he fingered her mercilessly.
Yours...
aah...
Duke Thesios...
mmmmm...
aah! Brenda let him throw her onto the divan, legs spread, his powerful body between them.
The towel fell to the floor in a flash, his hand grasping his hard length, replacing his fingers with his cock.
A loud, sultry moan filled the room as his burning shaft pushed into her slick folds Thesio panted like an animal against her tits, biting and pinching them, seeking his own pleasure in hard, fast thrusts.
Brenda clung to his back, moaning just the way he liked, smiling wickedly where he couldnt see.
The sex wasnt badnot compared to Elliotbut she wasnt going to cling to that impossible dream anymore.
For now, she'd enjoy Thesios service.
---- After all, she owed him that much.
Because soon, hers would be the last pussy he'd ever fuck in his life.
###Chapter 744
---- 401, FEEDING MY FEMALE ELLIOT Are you happy now?" I asked my wolf while burying my nose in Kaths hair.
Now that my animal side was fully awake, I felt an almost obsessive attraction to her.
The scent of lavender grew more intenseI wanted it to belong only to me, for her body to always carry my essence, for other males to know that this beautiful woman was mine alone.
A rather foolish thought, considering that elementals couldnt even smell scent markings.
"Not happy enough.
I want to come out and be with her, hold her.
It's getting cold, my fur is warmlets switch." "No," I answered without hesitation, already feeling the push in my mindfirm and dominant, forcing me to give up control.
"Do you think I cant see through your tricks? You just want to be the main character.
Let me remind you that in this realm, no one can discover us, or we could die." "Let them try.
Now that Im awake, no being will separate me from my mate," he growled through gritted teeth, and that warning was meant for me too.
Damn it, this was like a never-ending battle with him.
"Vorath..." ---- "I got it already! Dont give me the same endless lecture.
But theres no one here, not a soul, just us.
And yes, I want to be with her in my beast form, but I also worry about the cold." Thuffed in frustration and sat up slightly, running my hand along Kaths arm.
The fireplace still crackled, consuming the wood and casting its warmth, but the swamps nights were always too damp and cold.
The little firewood I found wouldnt be enough.
"First, we're going to check on Lavinia," was my only response to that insufferable wolf.
Islowly pulled my arm from beneath Kaths head and sat up, listening to the soft puffs of air escaping her delicious lips.
I took the moment to check her wounds, scanning her nearly naked body.
Vorath had given her more blood during the exchange of our vows I caressed her long hair, her smooth skin, and between her legs, the traces of our burning desire still lingered.
"Maybe shes already pregnant with our pups.
Its too soon to tell.
If not, ll breed her in my next heat cycle," he started making his lustful plans while we left her resting to check on Lavinia.
I picked up the small key resting in a corner of the carpet.
Your heat cycle...
in your beast form?" I asked, slightly worried.
###Chapter 745
---- I remembered very well the uncontrollable lustand that had been with Brenda, with my wolf imprisoned.
"Of course, in lycan form.
Are you an idiot? You think it'll be in elemental form?" he scoffed sarcastically.
"The only idiot here is you, for letting my elemental side imprison you for years." "You son of a bitch!" I tuned out his insultsI was quickly getting the hang of having a constant presence in my head.
Honestly, it wasnt as bad as I'd feared.
As for his heat...
wed see about that.
I wasnt sure if Kath could handle it.
Obviously, she was my priority.
Lopened the door quietly, the lamps light flickering low.
I stepped toward the bed and found her asleep.
Leaning in to check on her, I pulled the blanket over her little body.
"shes such a sweet girl.
I dont like that she smells like another male, but shes my mates child.
We'll protect her so Kath never has to cry." "That's exactly what we'll do, Vorath.
From now on, Lavinia is our daughter too." I responded with full conviction to keep my promise.
shes special, like Katherine," he suddenly remarked.
"What do you mean?" I asked.
---- "she carries supernatural magic inside herI can feel it.
And even more now that shes consumed my blood.
Its nourishing her power, just like Kaths.
Theyre both...
lets say, a bit malnourished.
" His words surprised me.
Though, it made senseif she was descended from a witch, she would possess magic too.
1 frowned, my concern growing.
All the more reason to keep her safe in the castle.
I made the right decision not sending her to boarding school." I sighed.
I had to tell Katherineshe might not even know.
Leaving the room, I let Lavinia sleep.
But my mind wouldn't stop.
The dangers, the variables...
they kept increasing.
If Katherine got pregnant, it was obvious we'd have an entire family of supernaturals.
How the hell was I supposed to keep them safe in a realm this racist? I looked at her, sleeping peacefully on the carpet.
I wasnt tired.
I needed something to do so I wouldnt wake her with my insomnia.
"Lets hunt." Voraths sudden suggestion made me freeze.
"Hunt?" I asked, confused.
"Yes, I hear deer in the forest beyond the swamp.
Lets gogood chance for you to practice coordination with me, and we can bring ---- food to our family and dry firewood." Put like that, it didnt sound like a bad idea.
I knew he also just wanted an excuse to stretch his legs.
I glanced at Kath.
What if she woke up and didnt see me? I didnt want to leave them unprotected.
"We'll stay close, and even if you dont say it, I obviously will keep part of my senses on this mansion, guarding my treasures." I considered it for a few seconds.
Then, nodding, I finally decided to give in to my animal side once again.
###Chapter 746
---- 402.
DREAM OR REVELATION? ELLIOT eft a note drawn on the stone tile with charcoal in case she woke up suddenly.
After kissing her head, I refilled the fireplace with more wood and covered her well with her slightly disheveled clothes.
She stayed warm by the fire while I stepped out into the backyard.
The old wooden fence bordering the forest was falling apart, vines spreading across it like they owned the place.
I glanced back at the imposing mansion, its shadows stretching over the damp walls covered in lush wisteria.
Tsummoned the shift, looking up at the sky.
The massive moon, clear of dark clouds, illuminated my transformation into the powerful beast.
Sharp teeth, my jaw and bones reshaping into a snout.
As always, the pain burned through every tendon, every vertebra snapping into place, my pores covering with dark fur.
"Awooooo!"" The wolfs howl echoed in the night, and in the distance, my lycans sharp ears caught the reply of a pack of wild wolves.
I could feel Voraths exhilaration at his long-awaited freedom.
He took off in a sprint, charging straight toward the fence.
Despite ---- its decay, it still stood several meters high.
His powerful hind legs flexed, launching him forward in a wild leap, stretching his torso mid-air, soaring over the backyards frail barrier, and landing smoothly on the other side.
Vorath didnt stop.
For a creature with such massive muscles, he was agileunbelievably fast, something I had already confirmed on our journey here.
Even after fighting off some bears and escaping a specter that appeared out of nowhere, we arrived at these lands at an insane speed, following the scent of our woman.
After racing wildly through the trees and bushes, he finally crouched low, vanishing into the shadows.
His red eyes fixated aheadon a herd of deer grazing on the lush grass of a clearing.
"We'll take that one," he said, focusing on a stag grazing alittle apart from the others.
"Why that one?" I asked, assuming it was because it looked like easy prey.
"Not for that reason, idiwell, not for that reason.
To me, theyre all easy prey," he decided, for once, not to accompany his explanation with an insult.
"T dont like hunting females.
They sustain the herd.
That one is a weak maleit wont affect the strength of the group." His reasoning surprised me a little.
For someone so violent, he actually cared about the survival of these animals.
###Chapter 747
---- "Get ready," he told me as if I were going to do something.
I felt him move closer to the edge of the forest.
Despite his size, he stalked in complete silence.
Every muscle tensed, his mind laser-focused, and suddenly, I could feel the adrenaline of the hunt.
Ina blur, he launched himself several meters forward, practically landing on top of the stag, which finally reacted The entire herd scattered at the predators sudden appearance, but Vorath had already marked his target for death.
The others escaped, but he chased the stag through the clearing, almost as if toying with it.
His massive claws extended, slashing into its right flank.
His gaping jaws lunged straight for its throat.
I felt the warmth of blood splattering onto his snout, dripping.
In mere seconds, he granted the animal a swift, merciful death.
"Lets take it to the river to prepare itand Ill wash up while we're at it." Just like that, he acted like the master, and I his servant.
He commanded with authority, and I let him take control because, in nature, he was the experienced predator.
After all, once we returned to the castle, hed be locked inside my body again, unable to transform at will.
---- Following the sound of anearby stream, he grabbed the stags hind leg with his claws, dragging it along to gut it and prepare the meat for breakfast.
seek KATHERINE ?1 walked through the dimly lit house, my bare feet pressing against the old wooden floors.
I climbed the dusty steps of a wide staircase to the second floor.
Through hallways thick with cobwebs and lurking shadows, pale fingers brushed against the peeling wallpaper, guiding me through the mansions labyrinth.
At the end, I could only see her back.
The large circular window covering the far wall bathed her in light like a ghostly figure.
Her brown hair floated gently, tousled by an unseen breeze.
Suddenly, she stopped and looked up.
I followed her gaze to a long rope hanging from the ceiling, barely visible in the darkness.
T lowered my eyes to ask, full of doubt, but then...
Apair of brown eyes stared back at meshe had turned to face me?
###Chapter 748
---- 403.
WHAT WILL HAPPEN? KATHERINE ?Her mouth was smiling, but I was afraid.
She looked like a replica of myself.
I took a step back in fear.
Her gaze suddenly turned sorrowful.
She opened her lips, speaking to me, but I couldnt hear anything.
Time was running outI knew it.
In the blink of an eye, I saw her leap through the second-floor glass window.
I reached out in panic, shards of light scattering like thousands of butterflies, clouding my vision.
Shes going to die if she jumps from here!? "No!" I woke up with a jolt, my hand stretched out as in the dream, trying to grab that...
woman so much like me.
Something wet streaked down my face, and I touched the tears on my cheeks with my fingertips.
Was that a dream? It felt too strange, too vivid, and eerily unsettling.
I glanced around, trying to calm myself, but when I didnt see Elliot beside me, my anxiety returned.
"Elliot?" I called out as I sat up, shifting toward the edge of the rug.
T expected to feel like I was falling apart after the physical exhaustion, but surprisingly, aside from the thick white fluid trickling down between my thighs, my whole body thrummed with energy.
---- "They really are perverts.
Couldnt even clean me up." I sighed, murmuring to myself, before noticing, under the glow of the fireplace, a message written on the stone tile near my boots.
"Baby, dont be scared.
We went out to get food, we're close.
Dont worry." At least my heart settled.
Tearing off a bit more fabric until I was practically naked, I made a makeshift pad for *" the warrior" *as I would now call my distinguished vulvaand pulled my underwear up over my legs.
I figured Id find some water in Lavinias room and check on her while I was at it.
But standing up made it worse.
That mess began to spill out, and damn that shameless wolf, and me too...
Well, better not even think about everything I did and begged for.
1 still hadnt processed how I managed to take that thing almost entirely...
and enjoy it! I didnt know whether to feel proud or worried.
I opened the door and stepped in quietly.
The lamp had gone out, but despite the darkness, something strange happenedI could see everything perfectly.
The details, Lavinia sleeping peacefullyalmost better than when the lamp was on.
I touched my eyes.
What is this? It had to be Elliots blood.
But something burned in my chest I ---- felt it coursing through my veins, swirling inside me.
My magic...
and now more than ever, I was aware of it.
Unable to make sense of these sensations, and still shaken by the lingering echoes of that dream, I walked to Lavinias bedside.
A small smile tugged at my lips, pleased to see her without a single wound, her skin flushed and healthy.
Imade my way to the bathroom, trying not to make noise, locked myself inside, and, well...
did the best I could to clean up the disaster.
I didnt take long, just a quick wipe-down.
Honestly, it was embarrassing enough that my daughter was in the adjacent room, but after what I had done in the salon, I shouldnt have any shame left.
I tiptoed back out and let her rest, locking the door behind meI didnt trust anything.
As I headed back to the salon, testing this newfound ability to see in the dark, I stepped out of the hallway when "ah!" I clutched my chest as something pulsedsharp, painful rising up my throat, piercing my temples, settling deep inside my head.
The dreams memories replayed vividly in my mind.
Trealized somethingthat place in my dream...
was this decrepit mansion.
I lifted my gaze to the vast room, feeling as if something was watching me.
The yellow, insect-eaten curtains began to sway, though no wind ---- stirred.
Every hair on my body stood on end.
I considered sitting near the fireplace, waiting for Elliot, but something caught my attention, It was so fast, I wasnt sure if I imagined it.
Awomans shadow, moving across the far side, heading toward the mansions foyer.
Was it her? The woman from my dreams? Drawn by something primal, an unbreakable bond, I took a step forward...
then another.
Before I knew it, I was following the path of my nightmare ascending the stairs to the second floor, moving through the deserted hallways, the floorboards creaking like wails beneath my steps.
Moonlight poured through the enormous circular window.
1 lifted my head, and there it wasthe long rope dangling from the ceiling.
My trembling hand rose into the air, fingers inches from the frayed tassel.
If I touch it...
if 1 pull it...
what will happen.
###Chapter 749
---- 404.
HIDDEN SECRETS KATHERINE So I did it.
Taking a deep breath, I grasped the tassel in my hand and pulled the rope downward.
Track, track, track! "ah!" Tlet out a yelp and jumped back, startled, as an old wooden ladder dropped from the ceiling with a loud clatter.
Acloud of dust immediately engulfed the hallway, making me cough almost to the point of choking.
I waved my hand in front of my face, trying to clear the air.
When I finally refocused, I saw the dark hole that had opened above.
It was unsettling, as if unseen eyes might be watching me from the shadows.
I lowered my gaze to the ladder now hanging before me.
The steps looked worn, termites crawling over the decaying wood.
Yet, something inside me urged me forward, the same instinct that had led me to follow Francisa powerful magic tugging at my soul.
I decided to take the risk and climb.
With slight disgust, I placed my hands on the wooden supports, lifted my boot, and made sure I wouldnt fall at the first step.
Slowly, I ascended, uneasy with how the rotting wood groaned ---- beneath me.
The stench of decay and dampness suffocated me, growing stronger the higher I climbed toward what seemed to be an attic.
Large mansions often had storage spaces for old junk.
"Cough, cough, cough," I sputtered, reaching out with one hand as 1 finally hoisted myself up the last stretch.
My head and part of my torso emerged from the attic floor into the gloomy space.
Propping myself on my elbows, I pushed up onto my toes.
Ugh, more filth," I muttered irritably, patting the soot and dust off my thighs and arms.
Then, I focused on my surroundings.
Just as I suspected, an attic full of boxes and furniture covered in sheets, I started to explore, feeling an uneasy restlessness.
Strange shuffling noises echoed around me, the sound of tiny feet scurrying.
In the corners, rats darted like shadows across the floor, sending chills through my body.
Thated rats, especially after having to fight them for a stale piece of bread back in the sanatorium.
As my eyes adjusted to the darkness, I noticed a faint light up ahead and ventured deeper into this labyrinth of forgotten things.
Many of them were familiarfurniture from our old countryside home.
###Chapter 750
---- It seemed my father had moved some of our belongings here.
Asudden screech and something rushing toward me at high speed made me duck, covering my head with a shriek.
The frantic flapping of bats filled the air as they swooped over me.
That explained the rancid stench and the soft paste my boots had occasionally stepped in.
Iwatched them fly toward the front of the attic and, looking up, saw that the light came from a small window high up in the wooden beams, left open for them to escape into the night.
What the hell am I doing in this eerie place?" I muttered to myself, ready to leaveuntil that dull pain flared in my chest again, stronger than before.
"What do you want to show me, damn it?!" I shouted into the empty space, my voice echoing off the walls.
Frustrated, I strode toward the far end of the attic, glancing around, until my eyes locked onto an old piece of furniture.
I recognized it instantly.
It was a wardrobe from our old house.
I stepped closer and grabbed the small wooden knobs, pulling both doors open.
Inside, the black ebony wood was exposed, housing a few stored booksyellowed, brittle, and eaten away by time.
It was exactly as I remembered.
As children, my sister and I used to play here, pretending it was a hiding spot for our dolls.
---- Always when Father wasnt home, because this wardrobe had been in that forbidden room.
Mothers room.
Father never let us enter, but something always called to us there, and we would sneak in, spending hours inside whenever he left for the fields.
Tran my hand over the wooden shelves, surprised to find they werent even dustyprobably because the doors had kept them.
protected.
"What exactly am I looking for?" I crouched to check the lower compartmentsnothing, just some tattered clothes.
Then, a glint caught my eye.
Still in a squat, I lifted my gaze.
At my exact height, in the back panel, something shonea tiny flicker of light, like a final spark meant to catch my attention before fading away.
Thesitated but reached my hand inside, feeling around.
"ah!" I recoiled instantly when something sharp pricked my fingertip.
I looked at my handblood trickled down from the tiny wound.
No sooner had this happened than I heard a distinct click.
A hidden mechanism had been triggered.
A small wooden panel slid aside at the wardrobes base, revealing a secret compartment.
---- What in the world is this mystery?" I leaned in closer.
Something lay inside, its dark silhouette barely visible in the shadows.
Thesitated for a moment, debating what to do ...
Then, I made my choice.
###Chapter 751
---- 405.
THE ORIGIN OF MY SORCERY KATHERINE Thesitated before slipping my hand into an unknown space again.
I glanced at my fingertipit was already healing.
The insane thought crossed my mind that maybe this hidden compartment would only open with my blood or my sisters.
"If you're already on the donkey, might as well keep riding it," I thought, twisting my lips into a sarcastic smirk as I took the final risk, praying I wouldnt lose a limb.
I reached inside the hole and felt something hard and metallic.
Gripping it in my hand, I lifted itit felt heavy.
Through the dim light, my pupils narrowed to focus, revealing that Thad found a small jewelry box.
The bronze details shimmered beautifully, and the opal-like surface reminded me of the necklace I had given Elliot.
Iwas so absorbed in examining it that I didnt notice the shift in the atmospherethe moonlight fading behind storm clouds, the air thickening, the darkness creeping in around me.
Everything happened in a flashback.
My entire body trembled.
My eyes rolled back, staring at the ceiling as images flooded my mindso many that I couldnt process them all.
?A brown-haired woman kissing a man, rolling across a bed ---- covered in white sheets.
I didnt recognize either of them.
She was so happy.
I felt her joy flood my souluntil overnight, it twisted into resentment and hatred.
Lies.
Everything he had told her was a lie.
The life he painted for her didnt exist.
That wasnt his real name, he never lived where he claimed, he wasnt an orphan, and he sure as hell wasnt going to marry her.
I saw her receiving a letter with no sender, inviting her to a place a poor girl like her could never enter.
But she did.
She made it into the castle as a servant, and there, she learned the truth.
Who he really was.
His real name.
His glamorous life and the woman he was truly going to marry.
She wanted to confront him.
She waited for him in secret.
She had her chancehe was just a few steps awaybut before she could act, someone dragged her into the darkness, covering her mouth, capturing her.
The real bride already knew about the mistresss existence.
And worseshe knew she wasnt just a passing fling but a real threat.
He loved her.
He was doubting his commitments because of her.
The poor girl never saw daylight again.
Thrown into the cold dungeons, tortured until, one day, she was sentenced to death.
But her executioner took pity on her and let her live She ran, Ran as far as she could, like a lost soul, her only company ---- the elderly mother who had nearly died of anguish during her disappearance.
###Chapter 752
---- They hid in the swamps, deep in the abandoned ruins, fearing the wrath of the crown.
Then she discovered she was pregnant.
But she didnt want the childof course, she didnt want to carry the offspring of that damned man.
She did everything to rid herself of it, but like a parasite, that life clung to her.
I saw a baby being born from pure suffering, from a violent birth.
Brown hair, brown eyesinnocent, unaware.
Black marks tattooed her skin, then vanished, absorbed into her flesh.
Magic.
The baby was a magical creatureand her mother despised her even more for it.
She had been just an elemental.
Which meant he had lied about that too.
He was a filthy supernatural being.
The babys cries echoed through the abandoned house.
The grandmother didnt know what to do with the starving child.
She needed her mothershe couldnt keep rejecting her own baby! But where had she gone? She was still weakshe shouldnt have left her bed.
Then she saw it.
The attic ladder had been pulled down.
A terrible premonition twisted in her heart.
---- 1 saw it all, as if I were climbing those steps myself to check.
Fear clenched around me.
Thunder rumbled outside the enormous circular window, the storm raging over the wooded lands.
The atticdark, just like now.
I didnt want to see.
I didnt want to see...
The old woman's scream ripped through the mansion, shaking the walls as she found her daughters body hanging from the high attic beam.
Her white nightgown swayed in the breeze rushing through the wide-open window, rain pouring in torrents outside.
BAM! The wooden shutters banged open and closed with violent force? BAM! Tjolted awake, gasping was I back in reality? Or still trapped in that vision? BAM! BAM! The window behind me banged again, rattling violently just like that day.
Kneeling, gripping the jewelry box in my cold hands, my whole body trembled.
My scalp prickled as if someone was watching me from behindwith malice.
No.
No, no, I didnt want to turn around.
I had to leave.
I had to get out of this place filled with ghosts and pain.
---- I turned my head just slightly, just enough to glance over my shoulder And saw it.
A distorted shadow on the floor.
A body hanging in the air.
swaying forward and back.
Forward and back.
The sound of a rope twisting...
###Chapter 753
---- 406.
MY GREEDY LITTLE BEAST KATHERINE BAM! BAM! "AAAHHH!" I screamed in panic, almost feeling the breath on my nape.
The damn window wouldnt stop slamming I got up on shaky legs, but I ran like a crazed lunatic, clutching the small chest against my chest.
The light from the exit hole seemed so close, yet so far.
I thought I heard footsteps chasing me, the white sheets around me resembling hands and monsters lurking, wrapping me in this curse.
I threw the chest through the entry gap and jumped after it.
With my eyes barely open, I sat on the floor and lowered my legs, clinging to the stairs, too afraid to see something right in front of my face.
His face.
That accusatory face, full of hatred and thirst for revenge.
In my desperate attempt to throw myself down and escape, my foot slipped, and one of the steps split in half.
I clung to the wood with my nails, seeking stability, but the sensation of falling into the void flooded my senses.
I clawed at the air in desperation, opening my eyes only to see the dark square of the attic staring down at me from above.
I ---- screamed, bracing for an impact that never came.
"AAAHHH!" "Katherine!" Elliots roar pierced through the fog in my mind My back slammed against a strong chest, and powerful arms caught me in midair.
"Vorath!" I screamed upon realizing it was my lycan.
I clung to him, sobbing, my head still full of dark fragments, emotions that didnt belong to me.
"sweetheart, calm down, calm down, little one, you're safe now, you're safe now." He held me tightly against him, his wolfish words soothing my frayed nerves.
Gentle caresses brushed my cheeks, wiping away my tears.
"My love, what happened, Kath? Dont be afraid, calm down.
Is something wrong with that place? We'll check it out..." "No!" I straightened up immediately, grabbing his massive furry head and looking straight into his ruby-red eyes, filled with concern.
"Dont go up there! That place holds too many bad things.
Just dont go!" "Alright, we won't, sweetheart.
Calm down." he assured me, and I felt more relieved.
T knew it was all just an illusion.
So much lingering resentment, mixed with magic, but it felt so real, so horrible.
###Chapter 754
---- I sniffled, controlling the tremors in my body, clinging to him and burying my face in the soft fur collar around his neck.
His footsteps echoed as he carried me away from that hallway.
I would never go back.
I had the feeling I was forgetting something, but I didnt even lookback.
see Vorath carried me out of the mansion, through a kitchen filled with moldy and rusted utensils hanging above the food stations, until we reached the backyard.
The cold breeze sobered me up.
There was no rain, no thunder everything had been trapped in the nightmare.
"D'm sorry for worrying you," I whispered in a low voice, His rough, beastly hands caressed me with incredible gentleness.
"Baby, dont do that again.
Dont go to dangerous places without us, and above all, dont suddenly cut off the bond like that.
almost died of anguish when I couldnt feel you," his deep voice rumbled.
"dont know how I did it...
Did I block the bond? Werent you far away? I thought that was why I couldnt reach you in my mind." I lifted my head as he moved with heavy steps across the yard.
"Kath, you blocked us yourself, sweetheart.
Vorath noticed you were restless.
He thought you were having a nightmare.
We were already coming back when you suddenly panicked, and then.
nothing.
Total silence in your mind." Elliot explained.
---- Iwas speechless.
I had no idea how I had done it.
I still didnt have full control over this mate bond thing.
"Thad some kind of revelation, Elliot," I confessed, frowning.
"Tt seems my connection with this house goes back much further than my father buying it.
Maybe his obsession with living here has to do with the origins of witchcraft in the women of my family." lifted my head, gazing at the imposing structure, which hid far more secrets than it showed.
The first of us to be born with magic was born here.
That baby was my ancestor, and her father...
I dont recognize him, but he seemed like someone important from the palace.
We stopped in front of a pile of raw meat on an old table in the yard, snapping me out of my thoughts.
What is that, little wolf?" I asked, lifting my head I gota lick on my lips in response.
"Its food for my female and my pup," he said proudly, clearly reveling in it.
"I hunted it to feed you." Thanks for my share," I heard Elliot mutter, and I smirked in amusement.
Even when they tried to hide it, the tension between them was obvious.
"Wow, what reliable husbands I have.
I dont feel even a shred of fear with you two by my side.
Youre amazing," I cupped his ---- fierce muzzle, pressing his damp nose against the tip of mine.
Such a cute beastie of mine.
A massive lycan carrying a tiny woman in his arms under the moonlight.
"Baby, I want my reward for being a good male." suddenly, that lustful wolf was sniffing my neck, lowering seductively to the curve between my breasts, licking them lasciviously.
He had gone hunting for breakfast, and now he was already asking for payment.
I take back what I said about cute.
This is just a perverted, greedy beast.
###Chapter 755
---- 407.
SPYING IN THE SHADOWS KATHERINE Wait, Vorath..." I tried to pull away when I felt him exhale against my sensitive skin.
His possessive arms tightened even more around my body.
When are we going to play like today again, Kath? I promise I won't be rough, baby.
I'll ride you nice and slow, making it delicious...
mmm." His teeth grazed my nipples dangerously, making them perk up with excitement.
His entire body exuded a scorching, intoxicating heat of bergamot.
"Pll thrust deeper and deeper.
My animal form can give you so much pleasure, I know you liked it, little one...
and getting you pregnant is even easier..." The hand under my ass squeezed, shamelessly kneading me, while the other held the curve of my back, his head buried in my cleavage Thissed as heat tingled in my belly, clenching my fists in his fur, but I couldnt let myself be swept away again by the primal instincts of our bond.
Topened my mouth to find the right words, but someone beat me to it.
Hey, damn wolf, stop trying to trick my woman right in front of me!" Elliot growled, irritated.
---- It was obvious that Vorath spoke as if everything he proposed was just between him and me, as if Elliot werent just as much a part of this.
"shes MINE! You cant even feed her in the wild, you useless mutt! " he snapped back with fierce growls.
"m a damn millionaire Duke! Why the hell would I hunt a deer when I can just pay someone else to do the hard work?!" Elliot lost his composure as well.
"That's not how you win over a female, you lazy bastard! Baby, tell him I'm better! You dont need him for anything, even my cock is bigger!" "VORATH!"" My lycan completely forgot about seducing me and they started openly arguing, unable to hold back any longer.
T began to smile at their ridiculous exchange.
But then they started airing out so much dirty laundry that I burst into laughter, tears and all.
My laughter echoed across the yard, completely relieving my stress.
They and Lavinia were the best medicine for my mind.
"Have you ever seen a female this beautiful?" "Never.
Not once in my life." Theard them murmur and coughed in embarrassment, choking on ---- my own outburst.
suddenly, I felt shy now that they had stopped insulting each other and were just staring at me, like two obsessive stalkers alright, I'll give you both your rewards later!" I put an end to their competition.
I swear I saw something dangerous glint in their wolfish eyes as they licked their sharp canines.
Did I feel like a steak about to be devoured? "You can be sure Pll devour you completely." Tcleared my throat and looked to the side, pretending I hadnt just read his thoughts and he hadnt just whispered his filthy intentions straight into mine.
"Lets prepare the deer for a barbecue, and we need to chop some firewood too." I shifted into housewife mode.
He carefully sat me down ona dry tree stump and started a fire nearby to warm us, lighting it with matches left in the kitchen.
He didnt let me do a thing, just sit there and watch him work.
1 decided to tell him what had happened while he chopped wood and butchered the meat.
I watched his enormous muscles flex, bulging with power as he split the prey apart.
With the first strike of the axe on the wood, he nearly split the stump in half.
###Chapter 756
---- I completely relaxed in his protective presence.
The stillness of ---- dawn surrounded us, distant whispers of animals coming from the forest.
There was no trace left of those dark memories.
Only my massive lycan, powerful and untamed, such an incredible creature, doing all the house chores while I just pointed here and there like a tiny tyrant.
Sometimes I did it just to annoy him.
He never complained, only came over every few minutes to demand his rewards.
Perverted little wolf.
I smiled at his back, my beautiful beast, my beloved Duke.
At what point did you slip under my skin? I think it was that night, when violating you didnt feel like a sacrifice at all.
see BRENDA wait for me at the fishing hut by the lake.
You know I dont want you on my property." "You were the one who sent the urgent message.
Arent you ina hurry?" "Dont play comedian with me.
Wait by the lake, Im on my way." Theard the murmurs from a distance.
They slipped through the slightly open cracks of the door leading to the terrace.
---- But my wolf hearing picked up the conversation clearly.
It was Thesio speaking with a man, but the voice was unfamiliar to me.
However, something felt...
off.
I closed my eyes in the shadows of the room when I heard his footsteps returning.
I pretended to be asleep as he crossed the room.
He changed his clothes in the wardrobe chamber, then stepped out and approached the bed.
I controlled my breathing, my face pressed against the pillow.
He couldnt know I was awake.
And I didnt think he suspected anything either.
"Brenda?" he whispered.
Of course, I didnt answer.
1 felt a gentle touch on my forehead as he brushed my hair aside.
He watched me for a few seconds before I felt the warmth of his lips pressing a kiss to my cheek.
Then he pulled away with firm steps and left the room.
"He's gone," my wolf confirmed.
Let's go.
We have to follow him through the forest to the lake.
Get ready to shift." "But Brenda, its dangerous." "Ihe sees you, he'll think youre just a wild wolf.
Dont be a coward.
We need to find out what Thesio is up to.
I dont want any ---- surprises in my plan!" I threw off the sheets and got out of bed.
Peeking from the corner of a window, I watched the shadow of his horse move through the garden trees and disappear.
There was no time to waste.
I stepped onto the balcony and eyed the vines clinging to the facade.
Unsheathing my claws, I sniffed the air, checking the surrounding windows for any onlookers.
None.
swinging my legs over the stone railing, I gripped the sturdy vines and climbed down using my wolf's strength until my bare feet touched the garden grass.
Tran through the chill seeping through my thin nightgown, which I would be discarding soon.
Hiding under the shadow of a nearby pine tree, I unbuttoned my gown, sliding it down my hips and legs.
Leaving it bundled among the grass, I summoned the shift.
Inan instant, a small white-and-chestnut wolf replaced my human form.
She stretched for a second before taking off, running swiftly through the underbrush, following the distant whinnies and pounding hooves heading toward the river.
Tonight, I would find out what Duke Thesio was plotting.
And one secret in particular would change all my plans.
###Chapter 757
---- 408.
DANGEROUS ALLY BRENDA Crouched in my wolf form and shielded by the darkness, we slipped through a hole in the rotting wood of the fishing hut, damp with moisture.
Hiding between two boats, we watched from a few meters away as two men conversed.
One was obviously Thesio, while the other was a tall, elegant man with short black hair.
Everything about him was wrapped in an aura of mystery.
My wolf sniffed the air.
Something felt strange, a suspicion tightening in our chest.
We sharpened our hearing to catch their conversation, "Tneed more of your cheap magic to cover my tracks in the thefts from Elliot Everharts lands." Thesio spoke with authority, though he sounded a little nervous.
"Those creatures will die within fifteen minutes of opening the storage units, you know that.
As for the other matter, I cant help you that easily," the man replied coldly.
"You dare to screw me over, you bastard?" Thesio lost his temper and grabbed him by the lapels, furious.
"You only remain hidden on my lands because I turn a blind eye to your occasional murders and blood-drained cattle in the fields.
You're useful to me.
The day you stop cooperating, Ill hand you ---- over to the Regent myself, you damn bloodsucker." Our eyes widened in shock.
T suspected it, but now I had proof.
Thesio was making deals with another supernatural beinga vampire hiding among elementals.
He continued threatening him, making demands.
The black-haired man insisted he wasnt a warlock, that he only knew a few tricks taught to him by a witch he once loved "Make something up, I dont care.
Just make sure Elliot Everhart doesnt expose me to the palace, or you're as good as dead." Thesio shoved him away, pacing like a caged lion.
The man only stared at him coldly, but I could see the malevolence in his gray eyes.
suddenly, he looked in my direction.
My wolf shrank back further into the shadows, heart pounding wildly.
Thoped he hadnt seen us, but if he was a supernatural being, he might have already sensed us.
Damn it, I had to escape.
"By the way, congratulations on your upcoming marriage.
I suppose you finally managed to claim the woman you coveted," he said out of nowhere.
---- He was talking about me.
What does that matter to you? Focus on my orders," Thesio snapped, annoyed.
"T just wanted to know if Id have a new benefactor to answer to, or "You idiot! Brenda will never know about your existence, just like no one else knows and never will.
Your business is only with me, and remember, the day you stop being useful..." "Remember, Duke Thesio..." the man interrupted, cutting off his words The air reeked of danger.
"I could slit your throat in a second and move to another Duchy.
Perhaps the Duke of Everharts, where I could offer my modest services instead." He tooka step forward, brimming with murderous intent.
Sharp fangs gleamed in the darkness.
Thesio backed away, fear in his eyes.
"N-no, you wouldnt dare.
I know you need something from my lands..." The Duke tried to feign bravery, but it was clear he felt none.
"Dont be so sure about that." With that last threat, their business was done.
###Chapter 758
---- It was obvious they had known each other for a while.
It was time to escape.
If Thesio caught me, he wouldnt hesitate to silence me forever.
We retreated the same way we came and bolted into the forest.
We had plenty of time.
My wolf was faster than his horse.
However, someone intercepted our path.
"Well, well, look at what the Moon Goddess left abandoned in this cursed realm." Floating above us, the vampires feet touched the grass right in front of my wolf's snout.
She frantically looked around for an escape, fear gripping her.
Now, up close, I could feel he was a much older and more powerful supernatural being than us.
"Tsk, tsk, dont be foolish and try to run.
Didnt you want to meet me? Isnt that why you followed the Duke?" He dismantled all my plans in an instant.
"I knew you were awake and that you were a creature of the night." Through my wolfs pupils, I saw him, his cold gaze piercing through me.
"Theres no time to talk now.
Ill be waiting for you tomorrow at a location.
Come alone," he added, crouching to my wolfs height.
she growled at him instinctively.
Relax, future Duchess.
I have a feeling we'll get along just fine, and you seem like an intelligent woman." ---- His cold fingers suddenly scratched at my animal snout, freezing me in place.
"T think you already realize that if you dont want Duke Thesio to discover you sooner or later, youll need an ally to help you eliminate the problem." Smart.
Too smart and cunning.
Why would a man like him take orders from a mere elemental? He needed something from Thesio, and when he helped me, he would demand his price from me instead.
At last, he stood up and dusted off his hands.
"Hurry up.
Hes already heading back to the castle.
I'll be waiting for you tomorrow at the Blue Mountain Tavern and, Duchess..." Our gazes locked intensely.
His aura turned oppressively heavy in an instant, overwhelming my small wolf.
"First rule of this partnership if you betray me, youre dead meat.
With that grim warning, he vanished right before my eyes.
A thin mist lingered where he stood, drifting into the night sky and dissolving into the air.
"He's terrifying...
Are you really going to conspire with that man against the Duke?" "Looks like we dont have many other options," I muttered ---- sarcastically.
"Come on, dont waste time.
Run fast, we need to climb back up before Thesio arrives." Turged my wolfs paws forward, making it back just minutes ahead of him.
Quickly, we dressed and climbed the vines up to the terrace.
"Get down!" My animal instincts warned just as the horse appeared in the vast garden.
I threw myself to the ground immediately, heart pounding wildly.
###Chapter 759
---- 409.
RETURNING HOME BRENDA Crouching low, I crawled backward across the cold tiles, trying to avoid being discovered.
I slipped through the half-open doors and rushed toward the mirror, examining myself to make sure I didnt have leaves from the forest or anything that could give me away.
With my heart pounding, I practically threw myself onto the bed, just as the sound of boots echoed in the hallway.
The door swung open, and Duke Thesio entered the room.
His steps moved toward me immediately.
I controlled my breathing as he stopped at the edge of the bed, scrutinizing me.
Once satisfied, he turned and went into the bathroom.
I opened my eyes in the darkness, calculating my next move.
Damn idiot.
What good was being a Duke if he was just an elemental? They would never compare to the power of true supernatural beings.
Tomorrow, I would meet that vampire.
Thesios days were numbered.
ad NARRATOR Several miles from the capital of Duke Thesios realm...
---- "shit, I thought I was gonna die tonight.
It felt endless." Tomas grumbled as he sat on the cart taking them back to their village.
Behind them, the enemys bodies lay scattered across the blood- soaked grass.
A complete slaughter.
They had caught them off guard, pants down, completely exposed.
On the large ships that had arrived from Elliots lands, the border guards escorted their people back home.
The wounded received medical assistance, including Alvaro, the brave soldier who had nearly been strangled to death by his romantic rival.
"Yeah...
hell of a night," Aldo answered mechanically, his mind preoccupied with the image of the powerful lycan.
He worried that Elliot hadnt been able to save his family.
"Aldo, where the hell did the Duke go?" Tomés leaned closer, whispering.
The cart rattled along the road, their feet dangling off the edge.
He left on a ship back to his lands after receiving an urgent message." "shut up, dont say anything else.
I'll tell you at home." Aldo added in his mind, subtly nodding toward the coachman and the soldier riding with them, who might overhear.
"Ah, right, right...
yeah..." Tomas said awkwardly.
Aldo glanced at him, shaking his head in amusement.
---- If it weren't for his good heart and bravery, the guy would bea complete idiot.
After traveling for nearly an hour...
"Alright, boys, this is where we part ways." The cart stopped at the entrance of the village, and the soldier got off to see them off.
The first hints of sunrise painted the horizon after that stormy night.
Aldo and Tomas thanked him before heading home.
The Duke's people would handle the rest.
They had done their part.
"] just hope the Duke at least gives us back the grain rations and access to the forests medicine," Tomas muttered as they walked under the moonlight along the villages main road.
Awider, dustier path than the narrow alleys winding between small houses.
"Timagine he will," Aldo said, once again admiring his friends simplicity.
They had risked their lives as spies and in battle, and all Tomas wanted was a little more grain for his wife and daughters.
Tomas, there's something I need to tell you about the Duke.
But you must swear not to tell anyone." Aldo added in his mind before dropping the bombshell.
Then, amidst the silence, the chirping of crickets, and the occasional snore drifting from wooden windows...
WHAT?! That man is a...?! MMGH!"
###Chapter 760
---- Aldo immediately clamped a hand over his mouth, cursing in his head as he dragged him through the village toward his house.
"You absolute moron, Tomas! One of these days, Im cutting your damn tongue off!" He growled furiously, his steps quick and determined.
They didnt knowif they would see the Duke of Everhart again, but one thing was certainhis secret could never be revealed.
Little did these two laborers know that their lives were about to change forever.
Soon, they would become part of a small yet powerful pack.
ee KATHERINE ym going to wake up Lavinia so we can have breakfast and leave.
We need to return to the castle.
Everyone must be worried, and 1 also need to check on Nana." I told Elliot, who had already shifted back to his human form.
He was covered with a curtain, using it as makeshift clothing, tending to the roasting meat in the yard.
In front of the child, we didnt dare speak the full truth.
Lavinia, without malice, could expose everything.
The events in the forest would remain just nervous ramblings.
I entered the house and headed straight to her room.
---- My heart froze when I saw the door slightly ajar.
I had locked it! "Lavinia!" I rushed into the servants quarters, finding the small bed empty.
She was gone.
Tran ina panic, already knowing exactly where she had gone.
If that cursed memory had harmed my child, I would dig up its corpse just to strangle it again myself.
"Daughter!" I shouted when I saw her coming down the grand staircase.
Barefoot, her clothes dirty, she was holding something in her hands.
"Mom, werent you just with me2" she asked, confused, glancing over her shoulder.
There was no one there.
I hurried up the steps.
I knew exactly who she was mistaking me forthe woman from my dreams, the one who had led me to the attic.
I suspected it was the lingering magic of my mother.
are you okay? Did anyone hurt you, my love?" I checked her over anxiously, running my hands over her small frame, inspecting her face.
Then my eyes landed on the small chest in her hands.
"No, no.
Its just...
you told me to come with you to find this," she said innocently, holding out the small black and gold box.
---- Tt was lying on the hallway carpet." Thesitated but took it.
Immediately, a warmth spread through my fingers.
looked up and swore I saw the shadow of a woman fade at the top of the stairs.
Something important was inside.
Something so crucial that my mother had hidden it from my father, keeping it only for us.
What was it? A way to strengthen my magic? Or something even more dangerous and dark?
###Chapter 761
---- 410.
MY POSSESSIVE WOLF KATHERINE Whatever mystery that small chest held, I would have to uncover it later.
First, because we needed to go home.
And second, because, as expected, it wouldnt open so easily.
"Mom, is it safe to leave? The .
the Lady Prescott, shes not in the forest with her bad son, is she?" Lavinia clung nervously to my skirt, glancing toward the ruined garden and beyond the fence.
"Dont worry, sweetheart, Im here to protect you.
No one will ever harm you," Elliot answered for me, lifting her protectively into his arms My heart couldnt feel warmer But, Father Duke, theres a monster out there.
You have to be careful, its...
its really fierce..." I twisted my lips at her words.
Daughter, that monster is the same one holding you right now your adoptive father! Asubtle laugh gleamed in Elliots eyes as he glanced at me for a second.
"Lavinia, we didnt see any monster.
It was probably a large animal, and you got confused because of fear," he explained, downplaying the matter.
---- In the future, we would tell her, of course.
But children arent very good at lying, and our survival depended on keeping this secret.
Lavinia didnt look entirely convinced, but she didnt bring it up again, though her eyes continued scanning the surroundings with lingering fear.
We've had breakfast.
Now, lets go home," Elliot finally said, and we set off.
There was no talking about our appearancewe looked like war survivors, half-dressed and filthy.
The Duke had his feet wrapped in curtain fabric as makeshift shoes, his hair a mess, ragged but safe.
We crossed the forest, guided by Elliot and Voraths instincts, who wouldnt stop speaking in my mind.
His mark tingled on my nape.
I still wasnt used to the idea of being claimed by a werewolf.
Like a united family, we left behind the dangers of the swampy area.
No wild animal dared approach with the deadly warning of a lycan in the air.
Finally, we reached a guard post between the forest and the castle.
"YOUR GRACE!" The soldiers shouted from the tower as soon as they saw us and immediately started rushing toward us.
"Dont come any closer!" Elliot barked, stepping in front of me.
His overwhelming aura instantly chilled the soldiers enthusiasm.
###Chapter 762
---- "I dont want any male near my almost-naked mate!" I heard Vorath roar, baring his fangs, as if those poor men could even see him.
Possessive, jealous wolfso savage.
"Bring a comfortable carriage with warm clothes to take us to the castle!" His order sent everyone into a frenzy.
We waited under the cover of the willows, my Duke carrying Lavinia while I...
well, I was practically hiding beneath the trees roots.
Such an over-the-top werewolf.
When the carriage arrived, escorted by the general, all the soldiers, Vittorio, and the coachman very wisely turned to face the castle walls.
Elliot, ask about..." I glanced at Lavinia and remembered she didnt know about Freya Thad already probed her during breakfast about what had happened with Lady Prescott.
Those bastards.
ask about Freya, Elliot.
She was badly injured...
Im afraid for her.
"Pll ask away from the child, dont worry," he assured me, sensing my fears.
We descended the small hill, and Elliot lifted Lavinia into the ---- carriage before helping me inside.
He didnt join us immediately.
I heard his steps move away.
"Vittorio, come here a moment!" He called his general.
I assumed he was asking about the situation at the castle.
Lavinia was distracted, watching through the window.
I only looked at her, my heart heavy in my chest.
Tense nerves, but with hope.
Freya was strong.
She couldnt die she just couldn't.
When I heard the carriage door open, I jumped, my eyes immediately searching for my Dukes.
He climbed in and sat beside me, taking my hand.
I froze.
It couldnt be.
"'Shes alive.
Shes going to recover.
Breathe, Kath," he reassured me, squeezing my fingers.
1 lowered my head, covering my eyes with a trembling hand.
Elliot wrapped his arm around my shoulders, pulling me closer.
"What's wrong with Mom?" t's just exhaustion.
Her head hurts alittle, dont worry," Elliot answered my daughters small voice.
Ilet out a deep breath of relief, finally releasing the weight in my heart.
"Ym fine, sweetheart.
Lets go home." I smiled, lifting my gaze, suppressing the tears of happiness threatening to spill.
---- Knock, knock.
Elliot tapped the roof.
"Back to the ducal castle!" he called out, and the sound of the coachman climbing up, the snap of the whip, and the movement of the wheels followed instantly.
Beside us, the neighing of horses and the pounding of hooves signaled our escort riding alongside.
"Little wolf, can you heal my nana with your blood?" I asked in his mind, leaning against Elliot.
"No, sweetheart.
She isnt a supernatural being.
Lycan blood is too powerfulits toxic, even lethal, for most weaker creatures," he explained, and I felt abit confused.
My gaze traveled to Lavinia, watching the landscape through the window.
"But...
the child..."
###Chapter 763
---- 411, AN UNEXPECTED CLUE KATHERINE Kath, Vorath told me that Lavinia is like you, and very powerful.
That's why he dared to feed her," Elliot explained.
"A powerful witch?" I looked at her, almost in fear.
I had hoped she would be normal.
Now, more than ever, I had to protect her.
"We have to, baby.
Youre not alone anymore, Kath.
We have to protect each other," Elliot assured me.
"I need your help reorganizing all the castle staff.
We're going to do a full cleansing of the duchy.
Ill bring Aldo, Tomas, and their families to stay at the castle." I nodded in agreement.
They were good, loyal people The castles grand structure came into view as we entered the gardens, and for the first time, I felt an undeniable sense of belonging.
Iwas no longer the false Duchess.
I would take my place legitimately.
I wouldnt allow any more snakes to conspire within my own home.
seek NARRATOR In the Duchy of Thesio..
Salvatore materialized in a hidden corner of the stables behind the ---- Blue Mountain Tavern.
This was where he would wait for that woman, Zafiro.
But first, he needed a snackusing his powers so frequently without drinking blood regularly was weakening him.
He overheard a conversation and moved closer, stalking from the shadows.
Immediately, the stench of alcohol and urine hit his nose, making him wrinkle it in disgust.
A few meters away, he spotted two men pissing against the wooden stable wall.
Disgusting creatures.
And yet, these elementals had the audacity to hunt him like vermin, even slaughtering his family when they were discovered.
Only he survivedhe had been far away when it happened.
"Lm telling you, idiot, the Duchess of Everhart has a crazy sister!" Those words caught his attention.
The speaker was completely drunk, but he swore up and down that he had overheard a conversation at the Sanatorium, where he worked as an assistant.
According to him, the Duchess of Everhart had a twin sister.
"And I clearly heard the word magic, he added, slurring his words as he zipped up his pants.
"Be careful with what you say! Youre talking about important ---- nobles, you idiot!" "You're the idiot! I know what I heard.
You could make a fortune off this, but suit yourself if you dont believe me," the drunkard shouted indignantly before stumbling back toward the tavern along the stone path.
Salvatores eyes gleamed in the darkness as he observed his now- isolated prey, dazed and slumped against the wall.
He moved in stealthily, disgusted by the mans stench of sweat and filth.
But this was his life now.
To survive, he would sink his fangs into whatever he could.
By the time the drunkard noticed the shadow stalking him, it was too late.
He barely had time to gasp before he was brutally drained and killed.
Salvatore dragged the body to the sewer drain, pried open the heavy iron grate, and dumped the corpse insidenot before disguising the bite wounds with animal-like tears.
No one could know a vampire was hiding in Duke Thesios lands.
After covering his tracks, he moved on to his next target.
What that man had saidtruth or lieneeded to be investigated.
So, he headed for the inn.
There was still time before the future Duchess arrived.
As soon as he entered the noisy tavern, he spotted the drunkard causing a scene with the serving maid.
Looked like his coins had run dry.
###Chapter 764
---- "Pll cover my friends tab." Salvatore tossed a few coins at the girl, who immediately calmed down and left with her tray to fetch more drinks, "Mind if I join you?" With a confident air, Salvatore cornered his prey.
Of course, the moment the man saw a new fool willing to spend money, he eagerly agreed.
The vampire sat down, certain that he would squeeze every last bit of information from this fool.
What he didnt know was that his prey was none other than Laurencethe caretaker and tormentor of Katherine at the Sanatorium.
ad By sheer coincidence, in a discreet corner of the same tavern, sat Mr.
Rosendothe private investigator Elliot had hired to look into Katherines past.
The man drank in frustration.
This was the most important job he had ever taken, yet despite finding very intriguing things, everything led to a dead end.
The Duchess did have a twin sisterhe had confirmed it in her hometown.
It took effort and a lot of money.
Almost no one knew about the other sister.
---- He had traced her to a sanatorium.
It seemed she had been committed for mental health issues, but that was where the trail ended.
"Damn it," Rosendo muttered, downing his drink.
That institution had been burned to the ground by some patients who had lost control.
The place was later investigated rumors of patient abuse surfaced.
Now abandoned, with almost no staff left, the only person he had found was a secretary.
For a few coins, she had given him a record and shared limited details about the patient he was interested in Katherine.
With all the chaos that had occurred, no one even knew if she had died in the fire.
The director had been stabbed to death by a patient.
That place had been a nightmare.
Rosendo was about to leavehe had only stopped by to visit his brother in this duchy before heading back to report to the Duke of Everhart.
But then, something caught his attention.
Across the tavern, a man was making a scene.
Seemed like he was demanding more beer without payingnormal in this place.
But Rosendos eyes widened as he recognized him.
He quickly lowered his head, rummaging through his leather bag, where he kept the documents from the Sanatorium.
---- That face...
it looked familiar...
###Chapter 765
---- 412.
EXIT FROM THE ELEMENTAL REALM NARRATOR He pulled out the old registry papers with portraits of the employees.
That man, in particular, was the one he was most interested in.
The woman had pointed him out as the caretaker of the Duchesss sister.
He discreetly lifted his gaze to confirm.
The more he compared, the more alike they seemed.
This was a blessing what incredible luck! However, just as he was about to get up, he noticed the man was no longer alone.
Another gentleman had joined him at some point.
Frowning, he settled back into his seat, thinking about how to approach him.
He needed to catch him alone.
This was a delicate matter.
He even prepared money to bribe him for information about his former patient.
All his efforts were in vain He watched as both men stood up from the table and swiftly headed outside the tavern.
Rosendo quickly stuffed everything back into his bag, tossed some coins on the table, and rushed after them to avoid losing sight.
He pushed through the wooden saloon doors, which creaked loudly as they swung open and shut behind him.
---- "Where are they? Damn it!" He scanned both ends of the street, wandered around, and questioned passersby.
Nothing.
The man had vanished into thin air.
That other guy had gotten to him first and stolen his prey.
see Brenda approached the tavern in a discreet carriage belonging to her family.
She had left Thesios estate that morning, despite his insistence on keeping her prisoner.
She had refused outright she wouldnt sleep with him again until after their wedding.
For a moment, she thought he would forcefully keep her there.
But in the end, the Duke relented after her dramatic outburst of feminine ragecomplete with tears and the total destruction of the fine porcelain breakfast set.
As she traveled through one of the dimly lit, narrow streets, the carriage was suddenly intercepted.
Brenda heard the panicked neighs of the horses and the coachmans startled shouts as he tried to calm them.
In the blink of an eye, before anyone could react, the door beside her opened, and a mans shadow appeared in the darkness.
Its me," Salvatore spoke coldly before she could scream.
###Chapter 766
---- Could she not smell him? Brenda watched as he slid into the seat across from her, closing the door discreetly.
"Tell your coachman to leave the carriage here and take a walk nearby.
We'll talk right here," he ordered with authority.
Brenda complied, calling out to the driver to leave her alone and wait at a discreet corner until she summoned him back.
The young man obeyed without questionhis job was to follow orders.
Werent we supposed to meet in the tavern?" Brenda lowered the heavy hood of her cloak.
"I thought this would be more discreet.
Besides, its no longer convenient for me to return to that tavern.
Several incidents have occurred near there," he said mysteriously, studying her closely.
"Incidents?" Brenda didnt quite grasp that he meant cold- blooded murders.
Anyway, you mentioned a plan.
I want to become the Duchess and take control of Thesios realm.
How can you help me, and what do you want in return?" she asked, getting straight to the point.
Salvatore smirked slyly.
He liked this womans decisiveness how she didnt need him to hide his true nature from her.
"T will help you take over Thesios lands and conceive the next heir, " he assured her.
"I think we can be excellent partners, Zafiro." ---- He leaned forward, dragging his sharp claws over the satin of her dress, slipping them between the layers of fabric.
Brenda gazed at his mesmerizing, almost inhuman beauty, the raw power radiating from himso different from those weak elementals.
"] feel the same way," she replied, leaning toward him as well, their mouths just inches apart, her wolfish canines flashing.
"But you better offer me more than empty words and cheap seduction." She suddenly grabbed his hand, mercilessly sinking her claws into his wrist.
Sex was great, but business came first.
He was stronger than her, but she had to assert herself from the beginning, despite the fear deep inside.
She wouldnt be his pet she would be his ally.
The challenge in her wolfish eyes intrigued Salvatore even more.
A deep, husky laugh rumbled from him, filling the carriage.
"Very well, I'll tell you what I know." He pulled away from Brenda, reclining back into his seat and crossing one leg over the other.
"We're going to execute a rather risky plan.
But first, let me tell you Ive looked into your life.
Despite your grievances, you cannot distance yourself from the Duke of Everhart.
He is essential to our plan...
or rather, the Duchess is." That idiot?" Brenda muttered through clenched teeth, shifting to listen closely to his grand plan.
---- "Yes.
I just met a friend who shared some very interesting things about her.
And theyre not lies...
I compelled his mind.
Everything he told meis true." Salvatore recalled how he had later filled his belly with that fools alcohol-laced blood.
He couldnt leave such a dangerous loose end alive.
"So, heres what we'll do..." With every word that left the vampires lips, Brendas eyes widened in astonishment.
It was a crazy, dangerous, deranged plan yet simply brilliant.
Her wolfish heart raced at the possibilities.
She had never dreamed of this.
She had never fantasized about complete freedom.
Ahint of fear crept into her mind.
What lay beyond this prison? Could they really escape the Elemental Realm?
###Chapter 767
---- 413.
THE WOMAN RAPIST A FEW DAYS LATER...
ELLIOT I sign my name on the line with mixed emotions.
In truth, I feel somewhat guilty.
I accused and tortured an innocent manto some extent.
But I was the first to make the mistake of trusting him completely.
He had started as a butler in my parents service, and I had known him for years.
However, in the end, all that trust, including his bond with the housekeeper, had led to the vilest betrayal.
I take my seal and finally finalize Mr.
Wallaces retirement.
He will leave for the countryside to live with his daughter.
I granted him a generous pension, partly to ease my conscience.
Our farewell was stiff, and I confess it left a bitter taste in my mouth.
Knock, knock, knock.
The door is suddenly tapped gently.
"Its our mate." Vorath immediately perks up, shaking off his earlier boredom and huffing.
"Come in," I say, pushing the papers aside.
---- The scent of lavender floods the room as soon as she enters, making our mouths water.
She carries a tray with a coffee pot, pastries, anda cup.
I move to stand and help her "No, no, stay put.
I'll bring it to you," she says, closing the door behind her.
Troll my desk chair back, devouring her with my wolfish gaze as she approaches Dressed simply in a cream-colored dress, but no matter how modest her attire, those delicious curves always spill over the neckline.
"Stop looking at me like Im prey," she murmurs, setting the tray ona small side table and dragging it closer to me.
Then stop looking like one," I reply with a smirk, my bad mood vanishing in her presence.
"Are you calling me a deer or...
a rabbit? I dont know, some ugly bird you hunt?" she asks, feigning offense as she places the steaming coffee cup on the table "Come here." I grab her by the arm and pull her onto my lap, making her squealthat sound alone has me hardening.
"Dm saying you're a delicious, tempting female, and you know exactly what you do to me in these low-cut dresses." I grip her waist, pressing her against my chest, burying my nose between her breasts ---- Vorath growls in pleasure, inhaling her magics addictive scent.
"You two are so shameless.
This dress is perfectly decent.
Dont...
mmm...
make excuses to grope me," she moans flirtatiously as I lick the valley between her breasts, nibbling at the exposed, tender skin.
"Drink your coffee, darling.
You have a lot of work to do, and so do 1," she murmurs, stroking my hair.
I growl a little in protest.
But despite Voraths resistance, its truetheres too much to take care of.
"I just want to drag you to bed and make love to you," I murmur against her soft lips.
"You did that last night, insatiable Duke..." "shhh..." I groan as she sucks on my lips.
She claims she doesnt want it, but the scent wafting from between her legs has us both desperate.
"Baby, have mercy," I even beg, leaning in to kiss her again, but she smirks and pulls away.
"Youre going to drive me insane, Katherine." We smile at each other like foolish lovers.
The morning light streams through the windows, illuminating her deep brown, enchanting eyes.
"Here," she finally pushes the cup into my hands.
Iresign myself to sitting here, painfully hard, like month-old stale bread.
###Chapter 768
---- How is Lady Freya doing?" I ask, changing the subject as I massage her waist.
"Shes much better.
The castle doctor is very competent, and Lavinia has practically become her nanny, even reading to her at night," she sighs, relaxing into my body.
We savor these quiet moments together, simply touching, breathing the same air.
"Darling, what will you do about Duke Thesio? I dont think its wise to expose him for witchcraft, Elliot..." she suddenly turns to me.
Inod, placing the empty cup on the table.
"T know.
Besides, the evidence was destroyed instantly, and though some remains, I dont want the Regent snooping around in our territory.
"'So what will you do? And worse...
could Thesio also be a supernatural being?" she asks, so clever.
Thats one of the things I love about her.
"I dont think so.
He must have someone working for him, and thats what we need to uncover," I reply, caressing her cheek.
}ont worry.
Thesio is terrified nowhe thinks I might act against him.
I'll take advantage of that, strip him of more land and the resources he stole from me," I confide my plans.
"T dont trust that Zafiro woman either.
She knows your secret.
You told me shes a she-wolf...
that damn bitch," she mutters through gritted teeth.
---- I still remember our scorching make-up sex in the bathroom, right after she threw everything in her path at me in a jealous fit.
"And what if she tells the other Duke, despite fearing you'll expose her?" she continues, frowning.
I know very well my ex-lover is a dangerous loose end.
"Brenda is cunning.
Ive already received reports, shes staying at Thesios estate, and it looks like theyre preparing their wedding..." "what?!" Katherine tenses, staring at me in fear.
"Shes going to betray you!" "Baby, its not in her best interest for Thesio to know about her kind.
He could report her, even have her executed himself.
Besides, she has no proofits her word against mine." "something tells me Brenda is planning a major move." I stroke her hair, calming her.
Ive considered every possibility.
Brendas house is being watched, and her parents cant leave my lands.
If she tries anything, Ill need hostages.
I'm sorry, but for my family, Im willing to become the most ruthless and cruel man in this land.
"Do you think she...
wants to get pregnant by the Duke and then...? " She drags her finger across her throat in a gesture of execution.
Inod.
Thats exactly what I believe.
Brenda never submitted to Thesio out of love for me...
what a load of bullshit.
---- She avoided exposing herself to such a powerful noble, an Elemental Duke.
Katherine's expression and words remind me of something, and my playful side reawakens Just like another woman I once knew.
To hold onto her title as Duchess, she was willing to violate a poor, unsuspecting man in his sleep..." "Elliot!" She smacks my chest, her cheeks burning, before hiding her face in the crook of my neck.
###Chapter 769
---- 414.
PAMPERING MY DUKE ELLIOT "]'m leaving! You said you'd never bring up that embarrassing moment again!" She struggled to escape, but I tightened my hold around her, laughing at her flustered state.
"Don't go, darling.
It was just a joke," I teased for once, turning the tables on her.
Because of Katherine, I had done so many ridiculous, insane things "You let it happen too! What poor, helpless man? You're a lustful Duke!" Of course, I let it happen." I grabbed the back of her neck, pulling her beautiful face closer to mine.
We were both breathless from laughter, though she avoided my intense gaze.
The blush that spread down her delicate neck made me want to devour her like a ripe apple.
"And Im desperate for you to do it again, my little witch.
You cant imagine how much I moaned that night from the pleasure you gave me...
mmm..." [heated her mind with vivid memories of that moment.
"Katherine, you've had me bewitched from the very first time our eyes met," I confessed the undeniable truth.
No matter how much I tried to reject her, resist her, my soul always called for her.
Her presence made my entire body tremble.
---- Ieaned into her lips, capturing her lower one between my teeth, sucking on its plumpness.
My tongue slipped out to lick her erotically, sliding into her hot mouth the moment she moaned.
Pure delight.
She drove me wild.
My wolf roared in pleasure as 1 devoured her.
We tangled in a deep, wet, sensual kiss that had us both on the edge of lust all over again.
Goddess, we had so much to dorebuilding the castle, reforming the entire duchyand yet here we were, panting with desire, touching each other under our clothes, burning up.
I slipped my hand beneath her skirt, caressing her legs, her tense thighs, moving toward that sweet, soaked core.
My cock throbbed beneath her ass, my mind clouded with raw need to throw her onto the desk and fuck her savagely As I trailed hot kisses and bites down her neck, the blood roared in her veins just as wildly as in mine My fingers reached the edge of her underwearI wanted to drive her insane, to spill myself inside her burning heat.
"No, no, Elliot, baby, wait...
wait, damn it!" "Kath, no...
Fuck, Im going to die of overexcitement!" I growled, primal and needy, when she clamped her legs shut and tried to pull away.
---- "Aldo and his family are arriving today! I still need to prepare their accommodations, check on the maids...
You have things to do! Elliot, no!" I wanted to curse the damn heavens.
I couldnt even steal a quick fuck with my woman.
"Fine! I dont know how you can get me like this and then just walk away as if nothing happened."
###Chapter 770
---- Ilet her go, frustrated and pissed off, avoiding looking at her because I swore if I saw that nipple that nearly slipped free from her lace, I would lose control.
"Baby, dont be mad, Elliot." She reached out to touch my face, but I caught her hands midair.
"Katherine, Im dead serious.
The moment you walk out of here, Pll have to jerk off like some desperate pervert because what you feel beneath your ass is not a damn paperweight, do you understand?" I snapped.
If she was leaving, she might as well do it now.
L expected her to get mad.
I sighed and lowered my stanceI was pushing too much, and she was right.
"Baby, please..." "What if I help you with a quick one?" "What?" I repeated like an idiot, thrown off by her sultry suggestion.
"Dont joke about that..." ---- Pm not joking." Then...2" "will she let us mount her?" My wolf was already locked and loaded.
"No," she completely crushed our fantasy.
"My way, Duke," she warned, dominant.
Like I had any other choice? With my tip already leaking? "Fine.
What are you going to do?" I asked, releasing her hands.
"You'll see.
You're going to love it," she whispered, licking her lips as she slid down my body.
I spread my legs as she knelt between them, her knees sinking into the plush carpet.
Damn it.
Just imagining what was coming next had me ready to explode.
Lyanked open my pants, no teasing, no licking through the fabric Tneeded her mouth wrapped around me, now.
"Well, someones desperate," she murmured above the swollen head of my cock, which twitched at the heat of her breath.
You have no idea, baby...
open up...
shhh...
mmm...
not too much tongue, Kath, I need...
ahh, fuck, yes, just like that.
-mmm.
I clenched my teeth, growling under my breath when her silky lips enveloped my tip, sucking seductively, her tongue swirling along ---- my slit, lapping up my precum.
I tilted my head back, hissing with pleasure.
Fuck, this was so good She was an expert at driving me insane, at doing it exactly how I loved it.
Sweat beaded on my skin as her mouth descended further on my throbbing cock, taking me in deeper, her hot, wet lips milking me eagerly.
My hand tangled in her hair as I scooted to the edge of the chair, my pants bunched around my legs.
I thrust forward, urging her to take me deeper, buried between the tight, slick heat of her mouth.
"Yes, baby, yes...
grr...
suck me deeper, Kath...
mmm...
fuck, so good, more, more...
shhh..." I thrust into her mouth with vigorous need, overcome by desire.
Her muffled moans, those half-lidded, seductive eyes watching me from below as she sucked me so damn good...
My balls tightened, fuck, I was so close...
so close...
###Chapter 771
---- 415.
PENECIDIO ELLIOT I stood up from the chair, my thighs tense, feeling her rushed breaths against my abdomen, her nails digging into my ass, the tightness of her throat vibrating around my cock.
I closed my eyes, on the verge of falling apart, about to come, already picturing her swallowing every drop of my release.
"Grrr, fuck, I can't take it anymore, Kath, my mate..." My wolf howled in pleasure, always pushing me toward my primal form.
I saw Katherine slide a hand between her legs, still kneeling, lifting her dress obscenely.
I knew she was touching herself while pleasuring meI could smell it, hear it in my mind.
She caressed her pussy, imagining it was my fingers, while her head bobbed up and down on my throbbing length.
Her sinful mouth worked me over until I was teetering on the edge.
"Nmmm...
yes, Im coming, Kath...
Im coming..." I growled through clenched teeth like a beast, thrusting faster, standing in front of her, gripping her hair in my fist.
My balls tightened, releasing my seed...
so blissful, so freeing...
so...
so "1'm going to find my mom in the study.
Shes probably with Dad!" Lavinias voice rang out nearby, her small feet pounding down the hallway, heading straight for this room.
---- It all happened in a goddamn secondthe floodgates were already open, and in her panic, Katherine's teeth clamped down on my cock, nearly biting it off.
I shoved her under the desk and crashed back into my chair with a thud, my head dropping into my hands.
see NARRATOR The maid chased after Miss Lavinia, who burst into the study without knocking then remembered and hesitated.
oh, I'm sorry, Father Duke," she said, freezing as she took in the scene.
The man sat at his desk, staring down at the table, his hands covering his face, only his dark hair visible Knock, knock, knock.
Lavinia belatedly knocked, just in case, even though she was already inside.
Despite having warmed up to the Duke, she still held a great deal of respect for him.
apologies, Your Grace, the young lady was looking for the Duchess," the maid explained.
'Shes not here." The Dukes voice sounded strangewas he coming down with a cold? "Oh, thanks, Papa! 1ll look somewhere else," Lavinia chirped before dashing off down the hallway.
###Chapter 772
---- Ever since her mother stopped being a tyrant, she had begun acting like a normal child.
"Your...
Your Grace, since I have you here and we cant find the Duchess, I wanted to ask where we should prepare the guest rooms? "Phe maid dared to inquire, immediately regretting it.
The Duke didnt even look at her.
She swore he was trembling, his shoulders shaking, muscles rigid His hands were clasped so tightly in front of his lowered head that she could see the veins bulging on the back of them.
"What?" His rough, fractured voice responded.
It seemed like he hadnt heard her properly.
"I mean, the Duchess didnt specifyshould we prepare the north or south wing...2" Whichever you want...
just go,"" he muttered, barely lifting his head, The maid took an instinctive step back, nodding nervously.
She immediately dropped her gaze and hurried out, closing the door behind her.
Was the Duke heartbroken? Because that expression looked like pure agony.
She could have sworn he was crying.
The cold, unshakable Duke of Everhart...
crying? ---- No, it must have been her imagination.
What she could have never guessed was that his trembling had nothing to do with a fever or sorrow It was because, beneath the desk, the Duke of Everhart was still spurting hot, milky release right onto the face of the very Duchess she had been looking for.
The perfect definition of pleasure and painthat was what Elliot felt today.
He lifted his head and, yes, he really was crying.
Damn it, he had gotten bitten mid-orgasm, with his cock shooting like an open faucet.
summoning the courage, he pushed his chair back and peered down at the woman wedged under the desk.
His wolf-blue eyes took in the disaster atop her head, her wide eyes, her entire face coated in white, thick liquid dripping from her chin down to her generous breasts.
Meanwhile, Katherine stared at his poor, wilted, wounded anaconda, now marked with her teeth like battle scars.
She started with a quiet, feminine giggle, her laughter rumbling in his chest, until it escalated into full-blown cackling at the sheer insanity of what had just happened.
"You were actually crying?!" "What do you think?! You literally almost bit it off!" Elliot roared, ---- shaking his head, caught between laughter and exasperation.
Goddess, with her, every day was an exhilarating, unbelievable adventure.
Ifher madness was contagious, then he was more than happy to be locked in the same asylum with this lunatic.
see A caravan of three horse-drawn carriages neared the capital of the duchy.
"Darling, are you sure about this? I still cant believe it." Nora clutched her son anxiously, looking around nervously.
Her daughter was nestled in her husbands arms, seated across from her.
Everything seemed so luxurious, so beyond their reach.
Could the Duke of Everhart truly be this kind of man? Why had he hired them to work at the castle? She couldnt shake the feeling that this was some kind of trap.
###Chapter 773
---- 416, EVERHART PACK NARRATOR "Nora, we've already talked about this..." "I'm scared! This seems like a miracle! Oh, Aldo, what if it's a trap to capture us because we're supernatural beings?" They exchanged glances, communicating only in their minds while the children, unaccustomed to such long journeys, slept soundly.
"The Duke is an honorable man.
Believe me, I made sure of that before taking this step," he assured her, convinced.
The impression Elliot had left on his mind was strong and vivid.
"You were calling him a pompous idiot less than a month ago!" she reminded him, throwing back the most refined insult he had ever given the noble when he thought he was the cause of their misfortunes.
He just got a little overconfident, but hes already fixed it.
Now stop clucking like a hen, woman!" he scolded her with a huff.
And be careful not to let anything slip that he might hear in his mind.
Remember, Nora, he's a lycan." That was another thing keeping her up at night.
Goddess, she had never seen such a powerful creature They descended from weaker hybrids, the typical werewolves.
Why would someone so powerful, in every sense, want them by his ---- side? Soon, all their questions were answered.
Her eyes could hardly take in the enormous castle when they finally stepped out of the carriages with their meager belongings.
"Dad, are we really going to stay in this beautiful place?" the little girl asked Aldo, who was trying to act like the leader, though his own eyes were also drawn to the overwhelming opulence.
Was this the castle's back entrance? And why was there a row of maids waiting on either side? If this was the servants entrance, she didnt even want to see the one for the lords.
"Thope so, sweetheart.
Lets see," he replied, turning to make sure that the scatterbrained Tomas and his "Tomitas" had arrived safely.
The simple laborer approached with his wife and children, his nervous gaze fixed on Aldo.
As always, he followed him in all his wild plans.
aldo! Tomés!"" The sharp voice of the Duke of Everhart snapped their attention back to the top of the wide staircase, where the imposing man was descending alongside the beautiful Duchess and a little girl who looked like a porcelain doll.
Nora couldn't believe this was the woman she had almost set to ---- scrubbing floors in her house.
"Your Excellencies," they all bowed deeply before the noble Duke and Duchess.
There's no need for such formality.
You must be tired from the journey.
While we settle things, you will stay here as our guests..." Elliot said, his gaze settling on the werewolf before him.
Deep in his chest, he felt immense gratitude toward Aldoand Tomés as well.
"Your Excellency, forgive my bluntness, but above all, I need to speak with you.
We brought our families here, but your letter was...
lets say, alittle too simple," Aldo dared to voice what they were all thinking.
It still wasnt too late to turn back.
"T understand, and I expected as much," Elliot nodded.
One of the things he liked most about this man was his straightforward natureno schemes, no games.
"Let the three of us go to my office.
Ka...
I mean, the Duchess," he almost slipped up saying his wife's name.
He really needed to find away to change that horrid Rossella "She will take care of your wives and children.
Come with me." Katherine watched them say their goodbyes as if they were sending their men off to war.
She smiled, amused, but she understood their nerves,
###Chapter 774
---- She had felt the same when she first came to this enormous house ---- as a stranger, stepping into another woman place.
"Nora, don't worry.
You welcomed me so kindly into your home, please, let me return the favor," she said, reaching to take the womans hands.
But Nora recoiled, scandalized.
Realizing her rudeness, she hurriedly wiped her palms on her skirt, nearly polishing them in the process.
"Come on, woman, forget that Im the Duchess.
Lets go, Ill take you to your quarter: "Duchess..." Nora stiffened as she was taken by the arm and pulled inside.
"Lavinia, guide the children.
She is my daughter," she introduced her, and with that, they crossed the grand entrance doors.
The gathered servants, waiting for orders, wondered why the Duke and Duchess were treating those poor country folk with such respect.
ad "Your...
your right-hand man?" Toms repeated for what felt like the thousandth time.
Elliot no longer knew how else to explain it.
He simply nodded, shifting slightly in his chair, still recovering from his battle wounds.
More than just my right-hand man, I want us to be a pack, to have each others backs, to create a safe place for our families," he confirmed, watching Aldos reaction.
The man just stared at him in silence.
---- In their minds, it was obvious who the dominant male was.
Vorath had already asserted his supremacy over the Alpha and Beta in the room.
"Aldo, you know better than I do that we wont age like the Elementals.
My plan is to establish a safe, hidden place in this realm where we can retreat when the time comes," he revealed his intentions.
"Maybe we can return once this generation is gone...
I dont know, leave a place for our children." The room fell into silence for a few seconds.
Tomas looked at Aldo.
Elliot was offering them paradisesomething they never would have dreamed of.
Their families were about to live in a way they never thought possible.
"We accept, Duke..." "call me Elliot when we're in private." alright, Elliot Everhart.
We dont know how to thank you for this opportunity.
The only way we can repay your generosity is with gratitude and loyalty," Aldo suddenly stood from his chair, and Tomas followed.
"Ours and our descendants'." They knelt on the rug, pounding their left fists against their chests as their fathers had taught them.
---- "We recognize you as our Alpha and leader," they bowed their heads before his power.
"And I recognize you as my people," Elliot assured them.
"Rise, my brothers of the race." The Duke nodded in satisfaction.
Under the guidance of his wolves, they sealed their alliance and founded their pack: The Everhart Pack.
###Chapter 775
---- 417.
THE OLD DIARY NARRATOR Katherine watched the lively scene in the dining hall, observing the struggles of their guest families.
Though they had started to relax, their discomfort with many things was still obvious.
They had discussed it, and they would live in houses near the forest, under the castles protection.
The women would take on important roles under the Duchesss administration, serving as her support.
By the time night fell, Katherine had already arranged for them to stay in the guest wing, with the servants at their disposal.
She stopped by to check on Freya, who was still recovering but much better.
Then she remembered the chest and asked her about it.
"T think I saw it once.
I believe your mother opened it with a stone of the same material," the elderly woman replied from the bed, wrapped in blankets, a bandage around her head.
Lavinia had just left after reading to her.
Katherine remained puzzled by the mystery.
So much had happened that she hadnt had time to examine that .
---- At last, she reached her dimly lit bedroom.
Elliot was still in the study, drinking and chatting with the men.
He looked so at ease...
Kath was glad they had found people like them, without having to pretend all the time.
She walked straight to the bathroom, where the maid had recently prepared a bath for her.
Gathering her hair up, she undressed and sank into the water up to.
her neck, letting out a pleased sigh at how relaxing it felt.
Today had been a day to rememberespecially that little incident where she almost bit down on and swallowed her Dukes sausage...
what a mortal sin.
Emerging from the bath, wrapped in a loose robe, she sat in front of the vanity, opened a small drawer, and pulled out the little chest, resembling a jewelry box.
She turned it over in her hands, inspecting every side, trying to force the lid...
but nothing.
The finely crafted golden edges gleamed beautifully, as did the dark opal covering, but it remained stubbornly shut.
Then she considered the idea of blood.
Hastily, she grabbed a needle and pricked her finger, letting a few drops fall onto the surface Immediately, a faint light glowed on the front, and a small depression began to formshaping itself into a round keyhole.
Katherine lifted it to her eyes, examining it while sucking on her ---- finger to stop the bleeding.
That shape, that color...
they reminded her of another the necklace her sister had given to Elliot.
what do I do now?" she murmured, placing the box, somewhat defeated, on the small table.
Just then, the door to her room opened.
Katherine picked up her brush and pretended to be busy, fully aware that her Duke was approaching.
His dominant presence was instantly behind her, leaning down to inhale the scent of her neck.
His rough hands reached around from behind, slowly massaging her ample breasts over the soft fabric.
"Elliot, dont even think about it.
Wasnt todays little bite enough for you?" she warned, though she was thoroughly enjoying his attention.
"Besides, this isnt your room." she added this while continuing to brush her hair, but he used his powerful body to push her forward on the stool, settling himself at the edge, pressed snugly against her soft curves.
Elliots possessive arms wrapped tightly around her waist, pulling her completely against himhis wolf satisfied.
Katherine could smell the intoxicating mix of wine on his breath, blended with the sweet citrus of bergamot.
"when are you going to start sleeping in the room that belongs to you?" he murmured huskily in her ear.
"If you wont come to my chamber, ll just have all my things moved in here."
###Chapter 776
---- "Dont be ridiculous, theres no room for both of us here.
Married couples sleep separately..." "T dont want to, I wont, I dont care.
Then they can just get rid of whatever takes up space." Katherine scoffed playfullyof course, she was going to move in with him, she just enjoyed making him work for it.
Suddenly, her gaze landed on the chest again.
Blliot, is there any way to get back that necklace I gave you to pay off that debt?" she asked, and she felt him tense.
"Why do you want it?" He lifted his head, meeting her gaze through the mirror with a questioning expression.
"I think its the key to opening thisit belonged to my mother," she pointed at the round indentation that had appeared on the surface "T still have it stored away.
Do you even know what that necklace is and what it contains?" "No, I thought it was just some trinket Rossella inherited," she replied, unconcerned.
Elliot sighed, pressing a kiss to her neck with tenderness.
"Baby, that was the thing your father used to blackmail me.
I dont know how, but that necklace recorded the only time I ever lost control and transformed into a lycan," he admitted, watching her eyes widen in shock ---- "As you saw, our lands border each other, and I nearly killed him.
1 showed him mercy when I regained my senses, and then he showed up with that cheap little necklace to blackmail me, claiming he had more evidence." "T dont believe it," Kath thought aloud.
"I searched everything in the house and that old mansion.
I think the necklace belonged to my mothershe must have shown him how it worked, and he used it to store your secret and blackmail you." In the end, they were piecing together the truth, drawing closer to the real story.
Elliot went to retrieve the necklace, which, fortunately, he hadnt yet destroyed.
When he placed the stone into the hollow, it fit perfectly.
Sitting together on the bed, a sudden, fleeting dark light spilled from within the treasure chest as it opened.
"An old journal?" Katherine looked at the worn book in her hand, disappointed.
It was thicker and older than the one Freya had given her, which barely looked like a small planner.
She carefully opened the red, worn leather binding, examining the yellowed pages inside.
Elliot, pressed against her back, watched everything with curiosity.
---- Do you understand the language?" he asked, studying the strange scribbles.
"Yes, it seems to be the same code Nana gave me, but its still difficult for me.
Ill have to decipher it carefully," she said, flipping through the fragile pages.
suddenly, something fella piece of folded leather, tied with a red ribbon.
Katherine reached out to grab it...
###Chapter 777
---- 418.
SUSPICIOUS ALLIANCE NARRATOR Katherine carefully unwrapped it, revealing more as she went.
She spread it out over the mattress in front of her.
"It looks like a location, maybe somewhere in the realm," the Duchess examined the finely painted markings and illustrations on the ancient parchment.
The irregular, worn edges gave the impression that it had been torn from a much larger map.
"I dont recognize this place...
Then again, its not like Ive been out much." I do," Elliot said suddenly, reaching over and shifting the piece on the pale sheets.
"Ive been here.
Its the mountain pass between the Duchy of Thesio and mine, a grim and dangerous place." Elliot recognized it from certain details.
Elliot, look, it seems to mark a path within those mountains," Katherine traced her finger along a red line snaking through the drawing, though it was incomplete.
That place is too dangerous.
I dont know why, but there are some of His Majestys specters roaming around.
I barely escaped one," Elliot frowned.
"Then why is it marked here? Where does this map lead?" Katherines questions hung in the air.
---- They didnt know, but the answers were likely hidden within that small journal the Duchess had to decipher.
The last thing they could have imagined was that a dangerous vampire was right behind the secrets their witch ancestors had buried.
see ONE MONTH LATER.
NARRATOR Things were settling in at Everharts ducal castle.
Everyone was adapting to their roles, refining what didnt work and replacing it with something new and reliable.
Freya had recovered thanks to the willingly given blood from the she-wolves She spent her days embroidering and keeping a close eye on Lavinia, teaching her how to be a proper lady.
Everything seemed calmtoo calmuntil one afternoon...
Brenda sent me a secret note.
She wants to meet in private," Elliot confessed to Katherine, handing her the paper over his desk.
The Duchess examined it, her lips curling in distaste.
"What does that woman want? Do you think shes about to make her move?" she asked, placing the note back on the table.
"Yes, I have a feeling shes looking for an alliance," Elliot nodded." ---- She knows that a widow, even if she remains a Duchess and has the next male heir, is still vulnerable." That was the reality.
The other duchies would soon set their sights on her land, and internal wars for occupation were a common threat.
"Is she pregnant with the Dukes child?" Katherine mused.
"That must be the case; otherwise, she wouldnt have dared to kill him." T think we can find out," Elliot said, rising to his feet.
"You're going to meet with her?" Katherines words dripped with jealousy.
Elliot smirked, tempted to tease her, but the dangerous gleam in the witchs eyes made him think twice before joking, "Dont be silly, baby, youre coming with me.
Whatever deal she wants to make, she'll have to say it in front of my representative." Funny," Katherine scoffed, patting his chest at his playful tone.
Elliot kissed her deeply, their mutual desire as wild as ever.
"Do you think its dangerous?" she asked breathlessly against his lips.
"Baby, your husband is dangerous.
And besides, havent you been studying that witches journal? The other day, you almost set the whole room on fire," he teased, pressing a kiss to the tip of her nose.
Katherine huffed, pretending to be annoyed, but her fingers still
###Chapter 778
---- traced along the short hair at the nape of his neck.
"Alright, wolfie, lets go.
I want to rub it in your exs face that this fine package is all mine now," she said, shamelessly grabbing his crotch.
Elliot was already itching to get this meeting over with and return to tangle in the sheets with his Duchess.
seek They met at the border between their duchies, on the second floor of a discreet tavern.
"Good evening, Dukes." Brenda greeted them, doing her best to hide her discomfort and anger at Katherines presence.
Now Elliot couldn't even step outside without his tail following him everywhere.
She never imagined that someone as cold as he had once seemed would turn out to be one of those men who couldnt do anything without his little wife glued to his side.
"Brenda, whatever you have to say, you can say it in front of my wife," Elliot told her, sitting across from her with Katherine at his side.
The wooden table between them held a few appetizers, ordered by Zafiro, though no one touched them.
"anything?" Brenda asked, locking eyes with the ones that had once fascinated her.
---- "Yes, anything.
I already know everything I need to know, and we're ina hurry, so get to the point," Katherine was growing exasperated.
For some reason, she felt irritated just being in this room.
Brenda clenched her nails under the table.
his damned woman, witch, or whatever she was, was going to have too much fun when the time came to rip her throat out.
Then, without further delay, she opened her mouth and began delivering her well-rehearsed speech.
Exactly what they had expected.
She intended to get rid of Thesio.
"Brenda, spare me the tears.
Whatever Thesio does to you in private is your business.
The only thing that matters iswhat do you want from me?" Elliot cut through her complaints, uninterested, and got straight to the point.
Something was making him uneasy.
Vorath was restless, itching to come out, even though they had agreed not to expose themselves in front of Brendas she-wolf.
Something in the air felt suffocating, a looming threat creeping in the shadows, too close to his mate.
Neither of them liked it.
---- "[ want us to be allies.
I want you to declare me under your Duchys protection, and in return, you can claim part of my territory," she offered, a deal that was quite beneficial for the Duke.
Elliot" "Call me Duke," he corrected her, knowing full well he needed to appease the fiery woman beside himor hed be sleeping in the stables tonight.
"Duke," she repeated through gritted teeth.
"I just want to survive and avoid being attacked by other nobles.
Leave me some land, give me enough money to live comfortably, and the rest is yours." "If you were pregnant, it would be easier for you to hold onto the Duchy..." "I dont want it.
I dont want a child from that beast," she replied, lowering her head in feigned distress.
Neither of them believed her for a second.
BAM! suddenly, the window beside Katherine flew open, and an icy gust of wind rushed in, making them shudder.
###Chapter 779
---- 419.
OVERCONFIDENCE NARRATOR Kaths eyes were drawn to a shadow beyond the window, near a poplar tree.
They looked like piercing eyes devouring her, sharp rubies glowing in the dark.
The dominant aura almost reached out to her, but suddenly.
"Duchess, get up, we're leaving." Elliot grabbed her arm, pulling her out of the trance.
He slammed the window shut, his gaze locking onto the same spot Katherine had been staring atyet now, there was nothing there.
"What? Whats going on? Is there a problem?" Brenda stood up, visibly nervous despite trying to mask it.
Nothing.
I have nothing else to think about.
I accept your proposal." "Oh? Just like that?" She could hardly believe Elliot would accept so easily, but of course, it was still a gift that had practically fallen into his lap.
"Good, I knew you'd help me.
Thank you so much, Elliot...
Tmean, Duke, for remembering the old times." "precisely because I remember that we once supported each other...
---- Elliot suddenly turned to face her, placing Katherine behind his broad back.
"T'm going to make something very clear to you, Brenda." His cold stare made her shrink back slightly, a flicker of fear in her eyes.
She didnt know why, but her wolf was warning herthis man had a far more dangerous aura than the last time she had seen him.
"Tf you truly want to cooperate, as long as it benefits me, we'll cooperate.
We'll be allies.
But the moment you try to screw me or my family over, I'll destroy you.
Understood?" He tooka step forward, and Brenda instinctively stepped back, barely suppressing the tremble in her hands.
Elliots canines gleamed dangerously.
"Thesio was never a real threat to me.
But if you become one, I won't show you any mercy." "Elliot, I" "We're leaving." He didnt even let her finish before striding toward the door, gripping his Duchesss hand tightly.
Brenda clenched her jaw so hard she thought her teeth might shatter.
Ina fit of rage, she swept the appetizers off the table, sending ---- them crashing to the floor.
Rarely had she been so humiliated.
###Chapter 780
---- suddenly, the window swung open again, and a cold mist seeped inside, taking the shape of a tall, handsome man who caressed her cheek.
Easy, little she-wolf, easy," Salvatore murmured, tracing the line of her jaw.
That damn Elliot will pay for this too.
Do you think he sensed you? " she asked suddenly, a hint of fear in her voice.
For a moment, she had the chilling suspicion that Elliot had noticed him spying from the forest.
"No, I dont think so.
None of those muttsespecially one who doesnt even know how to fully unleash his wolfcan detect me," he said confidently.
Brenda had told him everything she knew about Elliot.
Salvatore had survived for centuries; he was no novice.
He wasnt afraid of the Duke of Everhart.
"So...
did you get a good look at her?" Brenda asked, her anger subsiding, though her chest still heaved with suppressed rage.
"Yes.
Shes definitely a witchs descendant.
And whats better shes the woman Ive been looking for," he confirmed.
"Not only can she perform the spell, but she must also know where the missing part of the map is," he added, feigning indifference.
But Brenda saw the excitement in his eyes.
He was euphoric.
And he made her feel it, too, with his body, pulling her tightly against him ---- and claiming her mouth in a deep, possessive kiss.
She dug her claws into his back and bit him, venting her frustration.
He was exactly what she needed right now.
"Lets go somewhere more private," she suggested, her voice thick with lust.
Salvatore wasnt about to refuseespecially not after seeing her through that window.
The resemblance had stunned him.
For a moment, it had felt like he was looking at Bellahis little witch, his lover.
He never made it to a private room.
Out in the forest, he pressed Brenda against a tree with raw hunger, tearing away her undergarments like a beast in heat.
Lifting her against him, he plunged into her soft, wet heat, but his mind was elsewherelost in memories of her.
The only woman he had ever had feelings for...
and yet, the one he had also betrayed.
Rossella Everhart, or whatever name she had taken as Duchess, had to have that encoded journal.
od "There was a vampire watching us from the forest.
I could feel ---- him.
He covets our female." That was the first thing Vorath said to Elliot as soon as they climbed into the carriage and left that place behind.
what's wrong?" Katherine stroked him, sensing the tension in his muscles.
"a vampire is making deals with Brenda," he confessed, watching her eyes widen in shock, "and it seems like they wanted to see you.
That's why she was so insistent that you sit by the window." "Me?" Katherine pointed to herself, but then, as her thoughts aligned, something clicked in her mind.
"Wait...
Do you think its the same vampire the journals previous owner warned us about? But how did he know I was a supernatural being?" she whispered.
"Maybe its him.
I wouldnt be surprised if hes still alive.
Vorath says he seems to have some powernothing alarming," Elliot confirmed.
"and as for how he discovered your power, I dont know.
I doubt it was Brenda; shes not capable of detecting you." Elliot...
do you think theyre after the journals secret? That place we're also trying to reach?" Katherine leaned in, whispering near his ear.
###Chapter 781
---- 420.
BIRTHDAY GIFT NARRATOR Katherine had uncovered incredible revelations from translating those old papers, which had passed through the hands of nearly every woman in her family who possessed powers.
Each had contributed something valuable, continuing the research of their ancestors.
Katherine and Rossellas mother was one of the few who had interacted the least with the family relic.
"Well, its most likely that they want to escape from the Elemental Realm as well," Elliot responded.
"and to open that breach, they also need magic.
They want to use you; theyre going to lure us into their trap somehow," he concluded with anger.
So thats what Brenda wanted him for.
Treacherous snake.
But we also want the same thing, and we're still missing a part of the map and the spell." Exactly, sweetheart.
They dont know Im a lycan.
That guy is so arrogant he dared to strut around in front of Vorath.
Thats our best weapon." Their minds were already weaving a plan.
"So, you're saying..." ---- "Exactly what youre thinking, my wicked Duchess.
Let them keep believing theyre the ones in control.
Id bet my head that vampire has the piece we're missing." seek A FEW DAYS LATER...
BRENDA I pour more wine into Thesios glass.
Today, hes happyits his, birthday.
I'm even happier because Im officially a Duchess now, and every day I can stand fucking this idiot less and less.
"Where are you going?" He grabbed my wrist when I tried to get up, roughly yanking me onto the divan.
"wait, darling," I moaned playfully against his chest, straddling one of his knees.
His cock was rock-hard, ready to take me dry, as usual.
"T told you I had a surprise for your birthday.
I think you're going to like it," I smiled conspiratorially.
His eyes immediately lit up.
Of course, we all had our dirty little secrets, and Duke Thesio was no exception.
In fact, among the nobles, their fetishes werent even that shocking.
Did you make sure it was someone expendable? No annoying relatives, in case we need to get rid of them?" he asked huskily, ---- gripping my waist tighter.
"Of course, my love.
You're going to love this.
Hes a stable boy, came looking for work," I whispered in his ear, feeling his whole body vibrate with anticipation.
Fucking pervert.
Here, for you," I reached under the cushion and pulled out a black mask.
He knew exactly what was coming a game he enjoyed far too much.
Hiding my smirk, I stood and walked to the wall, lowering the fuel supply to the lamps, dimming the lights.
Tlocked the bedroom door with him inside and made my way to open the secret entrance.
As 1 unlocked the small hidden door in the antechamber, aman ina hood and full-face mask waited in the dark corridor.
He stepped inside, brushing past me.
Did you give him the wine?" he asked in a near whisper.
"Of course," I replied, locking the door behind us and covering it with the tapestry.
Islipped open my nightgown, tousling my hair, and took the mask he handed me.
The stage was set, and all the actors were in position.
###Chapter 782
---- Through the interplay of light and shadow, in the ambiguous, sensual atmosphere, Thesio watched us from the bed with lecherous eyes.
Half-reclined, his shirt open, his cock making a bulge in his trousers, which he was already fondling with perverse hisses as he devoured the sight before him.
Mehis beloved wife whom he had waited so long forwhile the masked man behind me groped my breasts and kissed my neck with delight.
Tmoaned, eyes half-closed, as hot hands roamed over my sweaty skin.
The delicate nightgown was torn apart, hanging from my shoulders by the straps.
Long fingers stroked my pussy, sliding up and down, drenching themselves in my wetness.
My clit throbbed under the shameless touches.
"Nmmm..." moaned, grinding my hips against his hand, impaling myself on his fingers to the knuckles.
It wasnt the first time Id done this with him.
The hard muscles of his chest pressed against my back, his erection rubbing between my ass cheeksso thick and firm, I was dying to ride it again ---- The creaking of the bed and the quickening breaths told me Thesio was growing impatient.
Inablink, he was in front of me, gripping my hair tightly and kissing me hungrily.
He loved it rough, wildbut in the end, he was just an Elemental, and his lust never fully satisfied me.
My body trembled between two men, their stiff cocks rubbing against my skin.
Kisses and bites rained down on my neck, lips, and breasts Impure hands pinched my nipples, driving me mad.
ahbh..." I moaned as their hands grew more eager, the three of us tangled in heated caresses, their cocks pressing between my thighs but neither claiming my entrance.
"wait, wait...
mmm...
darling...
tonight is all about you," I murmured, threading my hands around his neck and biting his lower lip before licking it, hearing his satisfied growl.
"Tonight is about your pleasure.
We're going to drive you insane," I whispered, pushing gently against his shoulders.
Thesio relented, letting me guide him ina slow circle.
He never stopped touching me, I kissed the hollow of his neck, and my wolfish eyes flickered toward the man now standing behind the Duke, creeping closer with a wicked smirk.
He was enjoying this just as muchthis perverse moment, this game of three.
---- Who knows? Maybe he planned to have his fun with Thesio first...
before finishing what he had really come to do.
gshhh...
yes, mmm...
The Duke groaned as I lowered his trousers and began stroking him.
He was dripping, the thick veins pulsing beneath my closed fist.
Behind him, another hard cock began grinding against his firm, muscular ass.
He arched his back, eyes closed, tilting his hips.
I flicked my tongue over his nipple, sucking it, tugging it between my lips.
Twas so aroused, barely restraining my wolfish teethit felt like my heat was approaching "More..." Thesio moaned hoarsely, panting between us, begging to take the final step, quickening his own downfall.
###Chapter 783
---- 421.
DIE WITH AN ORGASM BRENDA I pulled away, slipping two fingers into my mouth and sucking on them.
Lying back on the bed, I spread my thighs and toyed with my pussy, sliding my fingers inside to stretch myself open.
My juices dripped downI was on fire.
Thesio moved toward me, settling between my open legs, his knees sinking into the mattress.
One hand pressed beside my head, while the other gripped his cock, guiding it to my tight entrance.
"Aaah, shshh...
So good, my Duke, fuck me deeper," I screamed in frenzy.
needed him to fuck me fast, deeper...
mmm...
harder...
I lifted my hips to meet his thrusts, which soon drove into me to the hilt.
Thesio, on all fours over me, his ass fully exposed to the stable boy who was already approaching the bed.
Theard a sharp slap on his ass and a masculine moan, his body shuddering as the hardness inside my pussy throbbed with even more excitement.
"No more teasingjust put it in already!" he growled at the man behind him, who was preparing him with his fingers.
Thesio lowered his torso, leaning over my chest, kissing my mouth.
---- I wrapped my arms around his back, digging my nails into his skin.
His breath was heavy as he fucked me, waiting for the full ecstasy to hit.
My eyes met the vampires.
He removed the black mask, revealing his handsome face, twisted in lust and wicked pleasure.
I watched as he approached Thesio, who nearly halted his thrusts inside me at the feeling of that burning tip pressing against him.
"Mmmm...
aaahhh..." he moaned against my lips, arching over me, his whole body trembling with pleasure as he was penetrated.
We began moving in sync, the pleasure surging between us like a storm.
Now Salvatore was the one setting the pace.
As he fucked Thesio, the Duke pounded into me, his body surging forward and back with raw force.
He devoured my breasts, moaning against my skin, lost in pleasure.
The scent of blood filled my sensitive nose.
With that thick cock hammering into such a tight hole, there had to be tearsbut Thesio panted and groaned, impaling himself eagerly, lifting his ass for more So this is how good it feels to be fucked by another man while still pleasuring himself.
"Aahbh, Im coming!" he suddenly roared.
Salvatore grabbed a fistful of his hair and nearly yanked him upright onto his knees, fucking him harder.
---- 1 lifted my hips, chasing my own climax, on the verge of shattering into a thousand pieces.
My fingers tortured my swollen clit.
Through the heat of the moment, surrounded by darkness and danger, I felt the warm jets spill inside my pussy, triggering my own spasms as I clenched around him.
Thesio roared, eyes shut, his head thrown back in utter bliss.
At that moment, he looked so eroticso beautiful Short, sharp pants came from behind him.
Aclawed hand gripped his hips, keeping him steady, and then a thick, murky fluid began to drip down between his legs, matching the tremors of his thighs.
Sweat glistened on every pore, their breaths still labored, the madness of sex slowly fading.
Thesio was barely recovering from his unbridled lust, completely oblivious to the dangerthe vicious, satisfied face now appearing in the shadows beside his head.
"Thanks for the fuck, Duke Thesio.
If Id known you had such a fine ass, I wouldve offered to fuck it much sooner," the low, sharp voice whispered into his ear.
Thesios expression shifted from pleasure to sheer terror in an instant.
###Chapter 784
---- He froze, body stiffhis pupils erratically darting to me as he ---- processed it all.
"Oh, dont be so mean, Salvatore.
Look at how his poor cock has.
shriveled up," I teased, touching the pathetic little thing, now shrunk in fear, dripping onto my stomach Thesio trembled violently, his mouth opening and closing...
"Oh, I think these claws and fangs are scaring you, darling," I mocked, fully revealing my wolfish attributes "Youyou, and he" "Yes, yes, yes, idiot, we're supernatural beings," I taunted, sitting up slightly.
Salvatore still had his fingers tangled in his hair, gripping him ina deadly hold.
"And now, I want a divorceor rather, Id love to become a widow right about now." NOOO! GUARD!" Before he could even shout the alarm, in his final, pathetic struggle trapped between two powerful creatures Salvatore crushed his resistance with an iron grip, exposing his throat.
Imoved my hand in a swift, straight line across his neck, dragging my sharp claws through the defenseless flesh.
Fresh blood splattered across my face.
I savored the agony in my husbands eyes as he bled out over my body and the beduntil he finally died like the filthy dog he was ---- Salvatore lowered his mouth and sank his fangs deep, sucking out the last pulses of his lifes essence.
A baptism of sex and crimson.
Thad never felt so powerfulso untouchable in my impunity.
We were the fucking rulers of this world.
Ineeded to get to that worldthe one where these Elemental cockroaches couldnt threaten us.
That woman held the keybecause she was a witch.
Thats why Elliot had left me for her.
But he was going to regret it.
I would do far worse to him than what we did to this worthless fool, Thesio.
With a dull thud, I watched his lifeless body slump onto the carpet.
Salvatore had drained him dry.
I looked him up and down.
This was my man now.
I licked my lips as I noticed his growing erection, He stepped toward me, radiating dark seduction.
I spread my legs and let him take me, laughing and rolling across the blood-stained sheets, indulging in pure lustrelishing the power of being superior.
Thadnt gotten pregnant by Thesio, despite Salvatore telling me that our kind had an easier time conceiving with Elementals.
I had no interest in burdening myself with a child right now.
This filthy piece of land was no longer my concern.
I wanted freedomno obstacles in my way.
And the plans were already in motion.
---- Now, we were going after our final prey.
Elliot and his damned witch.
###Chapter 785
---- 422, THE MOST POWERFUL DUCHY, NARRATOR The news of Duke Thesios death during a hunt, supposedly devoured by wild wolves, spread like wildfire across the neighboring duchies and beyond.
Greedy eyes immediately turned toward the poor widow, left with little support from Thesios army but with an abundance of gold and land ripe for the taking.
It was like stealing candy from a childshe hadn't even had time to conceive an heir, so the crown wouldnt interfere, no matter how much she protested.
Ovidio Pensival wasted no time reaching out to Thesios general, enticing him with all kinds of promises to sway him to his side.
The man was fairly new, having only recently risen to his position after the previous generals death.
His loyalty lay more with money than with the woman who had climbed into his former masters bed.
They planned to strike from within, with the general himself opening the city walls for Ovidio before any competition arrived.
Aneat planexcept they didnt realize they were already too late.
Brenda had warned Elliot the night before Thesios execution, and by then, every hidden alley, tavern, and crevice in the city was crawling with Everharts soldiers.
ed ---- That morning, the cemetery behind the castle grounds was suddenly surrounded.
They had barely lowered the Dukes cold corpse into his coffin, the earth still fresh, his widow mourning in anguish, when the sharp neighing of horses filled the air, encircling those attending the funeral.
"surrender without protest, Duchess, and I will give you the chance to live!" The general, sporting a thick mustache, dismounted from his dappled horse, striding forward heroically toward the small group of mourners.
Brenda herself had preferred a discreet ceremonyher own downfall.
The mustached generals threatening gaze locked onto Brenda, who "trembled" in fear.
what are you doing?! This is treason! How dare you rebel?! I am.
the head of this family now" "SHUT UP!" he roared, and the ten soldiers accompanying him had already dismounted, surrounding the funeral attendees.
Most were women, their heads covered with black veils, quietly sobbing, their eyes downeast.
Give me the security key to the walls! The steward told me you stole it! Tell me where it is!" He advanced toward her, fully intending to search her roughly.
He was in a hurry, having already wasted too much time upon ---- discovering that the city gates had been locked without his consent and that this wretched woman held the master key.
You mean this key?"
###Chapter 786
---- Brenda abruptly stopped crying and, with a defiant smirk, pulled out a pendant hidden within her cleavagea thick golden key dangling from it.
That exact one.
Give it to me willingly, or Ill cut off your head and take it anyway!" He drew his sword, pressing it to her throat with clear intent to kill.
But something in the Duchesss expression unsettled him.
Why didnt she look afraid? Sorry, idiot, but this key already has an ownerand hes standing right behind you." Before he could fully process her mocking words, the humble gravediggerwearing a wide-brimmed hat, unnoticed by all stepped up behind him.
Danger breathed down his neck.
The general gripped the hilt of his sword, attempting to turn and defend himself, realizing too late that he had been deceived ambushed.
A cold daggers blade pierced his throat from behind, sealing his fate.
At the same time, the mourning women tore off their dark veils.
Instead of rosaries, they wielded weaponsturning on the ten ---- soldiers, who never stood a chance.
They werent mourners.
They were Elliots soldiers.
What had started as a burial for one man ended with eleven more joining him in the ground alright, Aldo, stay and guard the castle" Brenda cut off the words of the gravedigger, alias Elliot.
"Ihave my own people to protect me.
Remember our agreement, Dukethis castle is mine, as well as part of the capital." She stood before him with a firm, almost defiant posture.
Elliot raised an eyebrow.
She definitely had backingthe audacious woman.
"T gave you my word, and unlike some, I have honor.
As long as you dont cross me, I'll take what we agreed upon, and the rest I couldnt care less what you do with it.
Lets go!" he ordered.
Without another glance at Brenda, he departed with his "widows." They still had to secure the walls, claim part of Thesios army, and stabilize the borders.
ser Ovidio waited in the bordering woodland with his army, eyes fixed on the city.
His horse shifted restlessly beneath him, mirroring its riders ---- growing unease.
Why the hell was that idiot taking so long? He couldnt attack the city walls head-onhed lose too many men in a siege, and the other dukes would use him as cannon fodder.
Especially Elliot Everharthed appear at any moment.
It was already suspicious that he hadnt seen Everharts soldiers advancing from the borders.
Damn it!" Ovidio roared, feeling the element of surprise slipping away.
He feared the Everhart cavalry charge.
After the royal army, that bastards forces were the most powerful.
"sir! Its the signal!" One of his men shouted, pointing to the smoke rising from the watchtower.
"Move! Take your swords, shields, and weapons! Lets claim more land for our people!" Ovidio shouted in frenzy, adrenaline surging through his veins as he spurred his horse forward, charging down the green hillside with his army at his back.
###Chapter 787
---- 423.
THE ROYAL INSPECTOR NARRATOR Around a hundred men advanced, armed and ready to fightto wage war until the bitter end...
An end that came far too soon.
Ovidios eyes gleamed with greed as he saw the enormous.
reinforced gates swing open.
But his expression quickly twisted into shock and panic when he realized what awaited on the other side The dreaded cavalry charge.
A wall of riders galloped toward them, their faces murderous, and at the head of the charge, gripping a blood-drenched sword in his gloved hand, was the ruthless, heartless Butcher Duke of Everhart.
Behind him, the city burned in flames, still reeling from the battle against Thesios rebellious forces.
But Ovidio was a leader, too.
After his initial shock, he quickly assessed the battlefieldElliot had fewer men than him.
"Fight bravely! Hold the line! Do not retreat!" he shouted, puffing out his chest, trying to rally his frightened soldiers.
But as he glanced over his shoulderhis blood turned to ice.
They couldnt retreat, even if they wanted to.
The rest of Everharts army was descending from the eastern mountainslike a plague sweeping in to destroy everything in its path.
---- At the forefront was General Vittorio.
He was finished.
Elliot raised his sword, prepared to face the other nobleready to kill if necessary.
However, the scent of fear and surrender told him everything he needed to know.
His overwhelming display of force had broken Ovidios resolve.
"We surrender!" the other Duke spat through clenched teeth, his hatred for Elliot blazing in his eyes.
How the hell did he do it?! How did he infiltrate the citadel so quickly?! "Then, if you wish to leave here alive and not lose your life to war, I demand compensation..." Elliot didnt hesitate, stripping Ovidios treasury baredraining his duchys coffers, depleting his warhorses and weaponry, crippling his military strength.
Ovidio seethed with fury.
Not only had he lost control over this land, but now Elliot Everhart was exploiting his defeat to ruin him.
The prisoners were taken into custody, to be released only once the ransom was paid.
Elliots black warhorse reared up, galloping along the perimeter of the wallsa silent message to the other hidden armies lurking beyond the horizon.
---- The beasts powerful front legs kicked into the air, its rider exuding an aura of dominanceunyielding, unconquerable.
His dark hair gleamed in the morning light, and his icy gaze carried a chilling warning: ?1 am even more powerful now.
Stronger.
Dare to take what is mine, and you will lose your head.? Naturally, they withdrew, and the Duchy of Everhart rose to an even greater level of power in the minds of all.
It seemed unstoppable.
However, no one could surpass the authority of the royal family.
And soon, the most formidable duchy found itself entangled in a grave threatone that placed it directly under the Regents scrutiny.
ed A FEW DAYS LATER...
"Elliot, I looked into it," Aldo said, sinking onto the couch and downing his drinkin one gulp.
"Tell me.
Is it what we suspected?" Elliot asked, frowning.
yes, The murders were committed by a vampire.
He didnt even bother to hide the bite marks on the girls necks," he said grimly.
People in the city are already talking.
Its only a matter of time before word reaches the palace."
###Chapter 788
---- That's exactly what he wants," Elliot said sharply.
"He's baiting the Regents investigators.
Why? I dont know yet, but I suspect we need to be ready.
They'll make their move soon." Elliot was absolutely right.
Within days, aman arrivedsent by the royal investigation department.
An inspector, assigned to sniff out whether there was truly a supernatural creature threatening Everharts duchy.
"Good day, Your Lordship.
Iam Ambrus Max, the royal inspector.
I apologize for arriving so unannounced in your lands." The man bowed slightlyrespectful, serious, exuding an air of trustworthiness.
His pristine black suit and elegant hat added to his polished image.
But he fooled no one.
Not Elliot.
From the moment he stepped through the doors of the duchy, the stench of vampire clung to him, "Welcome to my home, Mr.
Max," Elliot replied evenly, masking every thought behind his cold exterior.
For amoment, they simply stared at each othermeasuring one another, calculating in silence.
The game had begun.
And then...
"Wait, Lavinia! Im going to catch you!" ---- Laughter echoed from the staircase.
A little girl ran by, giggling, while behind her, the playful Duchess chased her, arms outstretched.
Her deep red dress billowed behind her, flushed skin glowing from the chase, hair tumbling in flirtatious waves, generous breasts always pushed up by the tight corset.
Katherine froze at the top of the stairsher playful mood vanishing the moment she spotted the unexpected guest.
Salvatores false dark eyes nearly turned ruby-red at the sight of her, devouring her hungrily.
He had longed to see this woman again ever since that fleeting moment in the tavern.
He had to exert extreme control to conceal his sinful desires.
So beautiful.
So alive.
Like Bella.
His Bella.
But Katherine wasnt looking at him.
Her gaze was fixed on the lycan standing beside the "royal inspector." Shit.
That bastard was playing with fire.
Toying with the beasts chain...
Vorath was already on the verge of unleashing his murderous aura, ready to rip out the bloodsuckers throat if he kept staring at his mate like that.
Would Elliot be able to hold back long enough to carry out his plans? ---- Katherine nearly ran down the stairsbecause if she didnt calm her man down fast, he was going to crush the vampires balls and shove them down his throat.
###Chapter 789
---- 424.
D0 NOT TOUCH IT! KATHERINE "Lavinia, sweetheart, keep playing with the girls!" I ordered my daughter, who disappeared down the hallway, giggling.
Gripping my skirt tightly, I descended the stairs, practically flying over the carpeted steps.
I could feel the tension thick in the air, the danger lingering in the atmosphere, so I hurried to intervene.
"Good morning," I greeted the elegantly dressed man as I came to stand beside Elliot.
Inan instant, his possessive hand gripped my waist.
"My wife, the Duchess of Everhart," he introduced me, though my identity was already more than obvious given his blatant display of dominance.
"Darling, this is the palace inspector, sent by the Regent." "Welcome to our duchy, Mr..." "Ambrus.
Ambrus Max," he replied, extending his hand after giving a name I was more than certain was fake.
DONT TOUCH HIM!" The roar slammed into me through our mate bond, making me shudder.
"Oh, forgive my rudeness.
I was just playing with the children, and my hands are covered in dirt," I said quickly, clenching my fists ---- and tucking them behind me.
The arm wrapped behind Elliots back shifted subtly, my fingers tracing slow, calming circles over his coat.
If it werent for the fact that we needed to keep suspicions away from the palace and that this vampire likely had the missing piece of the map, his head would already be rolling across the carpet.
ah, no worries.
I, too, have gathered some dust from the road," he replied smoothly, withdrawing his outstretched hand with a slight nod.
He quickly shifted the conversation, discussing the serious concern of a supernatural killer.
Lying bastard.
If Elliot werent a lycan, we might have bought into his whole charade, truly believing he was an inspector.
How the hell did he manage to get that royal insignia he just flashed? Either it was a damn good forgery, or he had stolen itprobably from the real Ambrus Max.
The actual inspector likely was sent to investigate the killings...
and had already been taken care of.
That would explain why he had been so brazen.
He knew the palace would send someone to snoop around.
So, he had been waiting for it.
Poor Ambrus Max.
Who knows where his corpse was rotting now? In any case, this game of deception wouldnt last forever.
We would need to act soon.
###Chapter 790
---- "Excuse me, Your Excellency, but theres an urgent matter that, requires both of your immediate attention." Aldos voice rang out as his approaching footsteps echoed through the hall.
Bless Aldo! He must have felt his Alphas growing discomfort.
"T can wait..." "That wont be necessary," Elliot cut off the false Ambrus.
We hadnt even invited him into the drawing room.
"since you are so eager and so concerned about these murders, you may accompany a personal escort Ill assign to you and examine the testimonies, the bodies, and everything else." Elliots voice was sharp as a blade.
"Because thats why you came to my duchy, isnt it?" Damn it, Elliot, theyre going to suspect something! Ipinched his back subtly.
"Darling, the inspector is just doing his job.
He has to investigate its for everyones safety," I tried to mediate, but the possessive growl in my head made me wisely shut my mouth.
Thankfully, our mate bond was impenetrable.
Of course, thats precisely why Im here," the vampire responded just as coldly.
The tension between them was undeniable.
---- "Dll personally handle the arrangements.
This way, Mr.
Max," Aldo gestured toward the exit.
Just when I thought the first crisis had been barely avoided, the man hesitated.
"T apologize for being blunt, Duke, but I dont know of any accommodations in your duchy," he said, staring directly at Elliot with shameless boldness.
"In fact, my luggage is still waiting in the carriage.
I assumed Id receive a warmer welcome at your castle, considering I am a palace official." He fell silent after that, his gaze subtly scanning the grand hall.
It was obvious he was asking to stay here.
"Do not worry, Mr.
Max.
You will, of course, be well accommodated in my duchy, and your lodging is fully arranged," Elliot responded coolly.
"Good.
Then, my coachman" "My men will handle everythingfrom your coachman to your luggage.
You may proceed with your investigation at ease." And with that, we finally rid ourselves of himwatching as he disappeared through the front doors with Aldo.
"Elliot, you're not seriously letting him stay here, are you?! Elliot, wait! Where are you taking me?!" He didnt even answer.
I was dragged straight to the music room.
---- BAM! The door slammed shut behind us, my back colliding with the wooden panel.
Theard the click of the lock before my body was caged between the heavy wood and the towering frame of my jealous, possessive man.
"Mmm, I cant, fuck...
gggrtr, I need to mark you more...
more," he growled, burying his face between my breasts.
His hands gripped my hips, pulling me hard against him, his body curved over mine.
"Vorath, calm down! Elliot, hes just an idiot...
mmm..." Tbit my lip as his tongue flicked over the sensitive curves of my breasts The layers of my dress were violently lifted, his burning hands igniting trails of fire along my thighs, stroking over the delicate lace garters.
I clamped a hand over my mouth, trying to stifle my moans as his, fingers slipped beneath my undergarmentsdelving between my slick folds, rubbing me shamelessly.
My clit throbbed beneath his ruthless touch.
He groped my soaking pussy with zero restraint, panting and growling his sharp teeth ripping apart the neckline of my dress.
###Chapter 791
---- 425.
SAY YOU ARE MINE KATHERINE He was out of control, his dangerous canines grazing against my breasts.
I knew he wouldnt stop until I gave him what he needed.
"Mmm, no, not here, darling.
Im too close to the door...
Vorath...
sshhh, wait, my wolf..." Ipleaded as two fingers plunged inside me, in and out, in and out...
I could feel my own fluids splattering between my thighs; his mouth latched onto my neck, hot and desperate.
Baby, I need to fuck you now.
Fuck, I need it!" Elliot growled, half -beast, half-man.
His rock-hard cock rubbed against my belly, his rough, calloused hands gripping my ass.
"Unfasten my breeches and take my cock outI'll carry you, Kath, please..." he panted against my mouth, our foreheads pressed together, sweat beading between us.
The heat of desire was.
melting our restraint.
"Come, come," I urged, pushing him as best I could.
Still touching me, he let me drag him toward the piano.
I turned my back to him and hiked up my skirt with total indecency, holding it at my waist.
My ass and sex were covered only by my damp, twisted panties, which I swiftly yanked off myself, letting them pool around my ---- ankles over my boots.
"Come, take me, mark me as you wish.
Im yours, Vorath, Elliot, I'm yours...
mmm," I moaned, bending over the piano, spreading my legs.
I felt his predatory gaze on my exposed heat, which I opened wider with my fingers just for them.
The desperate sound of buttons being torn open echoed behind me, the whisper of fabric brushing against his skin.
My stomach clenched in anticipation.
Goddess, my pussy lips throbbed at the mere thought of what was coming.
T moaned, tossing my head back and arching my spine, pushing my ass higher, feeling the firm tip of his cock stroke up and down, painting along my slit, smearing our arousal together.
"Aaammmnn..." muffled my cry with my hand as I was impaled deliciouslyby that thick, maddening cock.
Tbraced against the closed piano, my elbows pressing into the polished wood.
My breasts, nearly spilling from my dress, rubbed against the cool surface, my sensitive nipples teasing against it with each thrust.
Elliot fucked me so well, my mind felt drunk on pure ecstasy.
He pressed his chest against my back, one hand gripping my throat possessively, making me tremble with every deep stroke.
Two fingers slid into my mouth, and I sucked them eagerly, like a desperate whore, like I always did when this lycan devoured me and drowned me in the filthiest pleasure.
###Chapter 792
---- The piano vibrated beneath us, abrupt, discordant notes ringing out.
My ass clapped rhythmically against his powerful thighs.
Then, suddenly, one of my legs was lifted onto the edge, opening me even wider.
ahhh, too deep...
mmm, darling, you're so hard...
Elliot, shhh, my Duke, my man...
aaahhh, yes, yes, fuck, yes, dont stop, right there, baby, right there..." I screamed in his mind when he slammed into that spot that would make me come in secondsso intense, so perfect.
He roared inside my head like a wild beast, fucking me like one too, pure heat, the scent of raw, animalistic sex thick in the air.
We just needed that final push to shatter into a thousand pieces.
When his tongue licked up my nape and his cock swelled to the limit of delicious pain, I knewhe was about to reinforce his mark, to claim his supremacy.
His hand clamped over my mouth, silencing my screaming orgasm.
Every part of me convulsed, milking the spicy essence of my male.
His lycan roar vibrated against my neck, where his sharp canines sank deep, marking me again.
He had done it so many times before.
The imprint on my skin, the declaration that I belonged to him, never lasted a week without Vorath renewing it.
My eyes rolled back from sheer bliss.
My legs trembled violently as ---- I came, the divine pleasure leaving me breathless.
The piano was stained white with the mess spilling from my well- fucked pussy, mixed with Elliots seed.
I collapsed against the smooth, perfumed wood, utterly spent.
Goddess, this perverted wolf drove me insane.
But I could never tell him just how much his jealous, possessive outbursts turned me onor hed keep me locked up in bed all day.
Tender kisses and licks soothed the burn of his mark.
Not that it would fade unless he reinforced it, but Vorath was too possessive to risk that.
And if it kept him satisfied, I didnt mind.
Panting, Elliot stroked my hips and back as we waited for the thick knot to ease.
"Katherine, youre mine.
Say it.
Say youre mine." His guttural, lycan voice filled my mind.
"Tam, little wolf.
Im yours forever, my possessive lycan," I responded.
The soft caress in my thoughts told me how deeply pleased he was.
"And what about me?" His human voice cut in, teasing, are you only his? Do you only calm him? Do you not want me?" Abh, there he wasthe other jealous bastard.
It wouldnt be my mates if they didnt both sulk like pups.
---- "Darling, you know how much I love you.
Id drop my panties for you anywhere.
What decent duchess does that?" I teased, propping myself up on my elbows, my ass still in the air as I turned to look at his sharp jawline.
only I get to see you with your panties down, Katherine.
And its not just my wolfI swear, if that bastard so much as touches you "Elliot, no, love, no." Thushed him, gently stroking his hair, pulling him closer.
His tense face pressed against mine, our still-heavy breaths mingling.
T loved this man so muchevery part of him.
Even this wild animal side.
You know hes going to seek me out," I murmured.
and not for romantic reasons.
He'll try to trick me for the map, Elliot.
We need to steal his piece and extract everything he knows." Thesitated for a moment, staring into those breathtakingly deep blue eyes.
"What is it? Does it hurt? Its going down...
move your leg..." "Elliot..." I finally said.
"I'm going to get pregnant" I dropped the news just like that.
No buildup.
No preparation.
###Chapter 793
---- 426.
PROPHECY DREAM KATHERINE I felt his body tense, his eyes suddenly locking onto me in shock.
I watched Voraths reaction, and okay, that wolf looked like he had just been struck by lightning "Say something, because Im starting to panic too.
You...
you dont want to? Because you should have thought about that before drenching me like a damn salad." I bite my lower lip with a nervous giggle that betrays my erratic heartbeat.
Honestly, Im afraid toothat they might not want this as much as Ido.
"Kath...
are you...
are you joking? Vorath can smell you, he says he doesnt sense any pups, you" "Thad a prophetic dream," I answer, knowing full well how crazy it sounds, but Im absolutely sure this isnt just my mind playing tricks on me.
after studying so much about magic all this time, Ive learned that magic manifests differently in everyoneits unique," I explain.
"T...
can we sit up and clean ourselves a bit? I mean, talking about something this important while Im still skewered like a damn sausage kind of kills the seriousness of the moment." Finally, I get a reaction from him.
As always, hes made a mess ---- between my legs.
Possibly, today, our pups were conceived.
Once we manage to make ourselves decent, I find myself sitting on his lap on the couch.
"Baby, explain this to me properlyare you pregnant or not?" Elliots hand moves to my belly, massaging it gently.
"T dont know.
Maybe right now your soldier or soldiers are already fertilizing our two children." "Two?" His head shoots up, his expression utterly priceless.
"Elliot, I saw it in my dream.
I saw myself holding two beautiful little creatures in my hands, but they were wolf pups, not human.
Still, know they're my childrenours," I assure him with excitement.
"I dont even know their sex, I just know they'll form soon," I take his face in my hands, looking at him with all the love I feel for him.
"Do you want to have pups with me or not?" Of course I do, baby.
How could you even think we'd reject them? " He doesnt hesitate for even a second, and my heart melts with sweetness.
)m going to protect them, Kathour family, our pack." "Then all the more reason for us to leave this cursed realm," my brow furrows, our joy now tinged with bitterness.
"We cant afford to fail in this, Elliot.
Theyll be two baby lycans.
---- Hiding will only get harder.
If the King wants to find us, you know theres nothing in this realm that can be kept from him." "The King doesnt care about our affairs.
Sometimes I think his elemental family just took advantage of all the chaos back then to proclaim themselves royalty and rule over us," he replies, his tone laced with anger.
"P've never once seen the Specter King, nor do I know anyone who has.
I dont think he even cares about that title." "shhh, stop talking about His Majesty," I hush him, covering his mouth in fear, my eyes darting to the sky through the window.
Now more than ever, Im terrified.
Irun from my dreams because just as my magic has shown me a blessing, it could also show me something that would shatter me.
My family in flames, besieged by those beings with hearts filled with hatred.
Everything will be fine.
We'll do things your way," he murmurs, holding me against his chest, comforting me.
"Elliot, where are you going to put that man to sleep?" "Pll have a house prepared for him in the city, under the excuse of an escort.
Ill have him watched at all times," he explains.
" Obviously, hes not sleeping under your roof."
###Chapter 794
---- "Elliot..." "Ll endure it, 1 promise.
But if they dont cooperate, 1ll rip their heads offboth that vampire and Brenda," his raw threat echoes ---- over my hair.
Icouldnt let that happen.
I had to control the situationand thats exactly what I did.
ee ELLIOT Tleft Kath lounging lazily in the room.
My wolf and I were still processing the fact that we were going to.
be fathers soon.
But she said lycan...
pfft, and two.
Ill love my pups, but two males latched onto my mates tits? Hell no!" My irrational wolf was already losing his mind.
"Why do they have to be males? Kath didnt see their gender," I counter, walking toward my office.
"If theyre born in wolf form, theyre lycans, and female lycans are rarer than the Specter King himself," he huffs.
Whatever they are, theyre ours, and we're going to love them like crazy.
Hell be the first to fall for them, no matter how much he pretends otherwise.
He cant fool me.
I catch the scent of someone familiar before even rounding the corner of the hallway.
As expected, I find the man standing at my office door.
---- The private investigator I hired for Kathand honestly, I dont need him anymore.
Still, the man did his job, so T need to pay him.
"Your Excellency," he greets with a bow, looking a bit anxious.
"Mr.
Rosendo, lets step inside," I say.
Whatever he found out about Kath, I want to keep it confidential.
In fact, Im seriously hoping he didnt uncover anything significant.
But Mr.
Rosendo catches me off guard right away.
"Sir, forgive me, but as I arrived at the duchys gates, I saw aman on horseback leaving, and he had these features..." He begins describing none other than that damn vampire.
"Yes, hes a Regents inspector.
Why?" I ask, pouring us both a drink.
"Inspector?" He sounds doubtful.
T turn to hand him the bourbon, which he downs like a man dying of thirst.
"Whatever you need to tell me, just say it." Thats when I hear his revelationhow the vampire intercepted Katherines caretaker.
That disgusting bastard escaped my vengeance, but in these past days, my woman has confessed so much about her past.
"Sir, I dont think that man is an inspector.
If he were, what was he ---- doing there? I dont know, but something about this feels really suspicious."
###Chapter 795
---- 427.
MEETING IN THE GARDEN ELLIOT "and if he is an inspector, he's here to verify whether the Duchess is truly a supernatural being because thats what that drunk caretaker claimed," he stated.
"Of course, I didnt believe him." He quickly added that last part when I raised an eyebrowhis life depended on whether I was satisfied with his answer.
"But no one ever saw the asylum warden again! I searched for him for days! He was in charge of the Duchess's twin sister, and now that inspector is here, right near the Duchess." He concluded, sharp as ever.
"Dont worry, you've done an excellent job." I opened the drawer of my desk and pulled out a small leather pouch filled with gold coins.
"This is for your servicesand for your silence," I placed it on the table, fixing him with a threatening stare.
He nodded firmly.
The message was clear: open your mouth, and Tll slit your throat.
"Besides, are you interested in working for me directly? As one of my private spies?" I offered, watching his stunned expression.
He had proven himself capableand this was also a way to keep an eye on him.
In the end, he left after accepting the offer.
Tomas would handle ---- the contracts.
I tooka sip of my drink, gazing out the window at the vast garden.
That vampire knew Katherines secretthat she was impersonating her sister.
Fate had led me to cross paths with that disgusting bastard, and now it was clear how he had uncovered my little witchs secret.
seek KATHERINE A few days later, I took advantage of the fact that Elliot had reluctantly gone to handle some business in the northern fields.
He didnt want to leave me alone, but I convinced him that nothing would happen in just a few hours without his watchful eye.
Behind his back, I planned for that so-called inspector to find me vulnerable, just as he wanted.
Under the shade of the willow tree in the garden, I sat on a bench, reading a book in a seemingly careless manner.
I knew full well he was watching me from the arched entrance.
The constant trickling of water from the fountain and the rustling of the turning pages filled my space.
I waited for him to finish acting like a perverted stalkerbecause the first thing hed lose would be his eyes.
His soft steps on the grass signaled that he was finally approaching.
A tall shadow loomed over my bowed head.
###Chapter 796
---- Mr, Max?" [lifted my gaze, feigning surprise.
call me Ambrus, Duchess," he corrected, removing his hat and revealing his black hair.
Thad to admit, he was handsomeattractive to any woman.
Except to me.
I knew very well that he was nothing but a rotten apple.
"T dont find it appropriate to address you informally, Mr.
Max.
What brings you here? If youre looking for the Duke"" "No, no, I was actually looking for you, Your Grace.
May I sit beside you?" he asked, playing the gentleman.
"Dont be nervous, its just to ask you a few questions about the case." He added when he saw me glancing hesitantly toward the gardens exit.
All part of the actthe typical behavior of a respectable noblewoman married to a Duke.
"Well, tell me how I can be of service," I invited him, shifting to the far end of the wide bench.
He sat at the opposite end.
Sunrays filtered through the tree branches, making his pupils glimmer.
No matter what trick he used to mask them, the red gleam in his eyes was becoming increasingly evident.
"In truth, the evidence is leading me to an area between this territory and that of the former Duke of Thesio," he began to.
weave his web.
---- "It belongs to the current Dowager Duchess, but in the absence of aman in the castle, I believe receiving me alone would be inappropriate.
Do you know her? Could you introduce us?" Ah, so here he was, trying to lure me straight to Brendita like a fly.
Of course.
Its not as if we get along very well, but Duchess to Duchess, I believe I can facilitate your work," I replied, waiting for his reaction.
However, his intense gaze lingered on my lips.
What the hell was wrong with this lustful creep? "Thank you, Duchess, I...
forgive my insolence..." Suddenly, he leaned in slightly toward mebut I clearly saw the grimace of disgust as he recoiled.
And this is exactly why I let my wolf slobber all over mehes a natural repellent for perverts Pve heard rumors that, well, life hasnt been easy for you in the castle due to your humble origins.
The Duke" "Mr.
Max, I dont know what youve been insinuated, but the Duke and [have a good relationship.
And if you'll excuse me, this conversation has already gone on long enough," I stood abruptly, book in hand.
"Wait...!"" He reached for my wrist, but I pulled it back sharply, letting a folded piece of paper slip from inside the bookon purpose.
He bent down to pick it up, and I could clearly see his body stiffen, ---- his attention completely absorbed by the symbols scrawled on the parchment.
"This..." Thank you for picking it up," I snatched it from his hands, feigning a fear I didnt feel, and quickly tucked it away.
"['ll get in touch with the former Duchess.
Ill cooperate as much as Ican.
ll let you know." And just like that, I hurried toward one of the many gardens of my castle.
Acunning smile curled on my lips.
Thad thrown the bait.
He knew nowI had Bellas journal, and 1 could decipher it.
If only he knew the flourishes that woman had written about him, she had even described him physically...
She had truly loved him at firstbut something happened.
Something tied to that ritual that tore them apart forever.
Many parts of the journal were illegible, making it difficult to learn from her wisdom.
Bella ended up marrying another man and dying from something that wasnt mentioned in the journalor at least not in the parts I had read.
But one warning was crystal clear: ?Stay away from the Vampire Salvatore!?
###Chapter 797
---- 428, STAY AWAY FROM SALVATORE! KATHERINE After that encounter in the garden, despite Elliot and Voraths tantrums, I managed to convince them that my approach was the right one.
We had to create an opening, gain his trust so he would talk otherwise, he might resort to more extreme measures.
In the end, one day, we arranged to meet in secret from the Duke of Everhart so I could introduce him to the Dowager Duchess.
ad "[ truly appreciate all the effort you're making to help me.
Im afraid the Duke doesnt have much tact when it comes to women," he said, seated across from me.
We were in the same tavern where Brenda had arranged for him to spy onus.
Elliot is very busy, thats the only reason he hasnt been able to give you much attention, Mr.
Max.
Relations with the Dowager Duchess are also a bit...
complicated..." I told him, offering a slightly awkward smile.
Since he was supposedly an outsider, he pretended not to know that Brenda had been my husband's mistress.
"Well, have some wine.
I tried it, and its delicious," he said, pouring a glass for me with great attention.
---- As I reached for it, his fingers lingered for a few seconds, brushing against mine with subtle intent.
A shiver ran down my spine, not from pleasure, but from the fear sparked by the low growl rumbling in my mind.
Goddess, if this vampire were paying more attention to finding danger instead of flirting with me, he would have already uncovered everything Iraised the glass to my lips and took a sipor at least, thats what Imade him believe.
He may be a vampire, but he is no sorcerer.
True, Im still a novice when it comes to magic, but being well-fed by a powerful lycan and learning a few tricks from that journal and the little spellbook, I am no longer the helpless Katherine.
As always, he watched my every move.
I could swear a maniacal smile curled at the corner of his lips as he saw me drinking his bewitched liquid I knew what he had done.
He learned it from Bella, and I had a strong feeling he would use it.
I suppose her loveless spirit whispers warnings in my ear.
The door suddenly creaked open, and I lowered my glass.
Of course, the final actress of this grand theater had arrived.
"Duchess of Everhart, good evening.
I received your invitation.
What is this all about?" Brenda entered the private area of the tavern.
Her gloved hands lifted the black lace veil covering her facethe ---- image of a grieving widow.
Hypocrite.
"Former Duchess, this is Mr.
Max, the Regents inspector.
He wanted to ask you a few questions and asked me to arrange the meeting since you two dont know each other, correct?" Of course not," she said, standing at the entrance, staring directly into his eyes.
"I have never met this gentleman in my life." She said it without even blinking.
Goddess of the supernaturals, what kind of scum did you create? She sat at the table, and they spent the entire time pretending to discuss cases.
Twas about to yawn in their faces and tell them to cut to the lies already.
Finally, the moment came.
"Duchess, I need to ask you a question, and I want you to be completely honest with me.
What is your name?" The vampire suddenly leaned forward, his deep eyes shifting to a glowing red, filled with compulsion and control.
"My name? I...
my name is...
Rose...
Katherine, my name is Katherine," I confessed the truthwhat he wanted to hear to.
confirm that the spell he had slipped into my wine was taking effect.
That the confusion in my mind was growing, and my thoughts were becoming unclear.
Easy to manipulate.
Theard a chuckle beside methat bitch Brenda, enjoying her victory.
###Chapter 798
---- "Good, Katherine.
Now, where do you keep your familys journal? Do you remember? That strange page that fell from your book in the garden," his hand reached across the table, gripping mine.
I felt Brendas murderous intent spike, but she held back.
I suppose he told her this was part of the compulsion, when in reality, it wasnt.
He just wanted an excuse to touch me.
Oh, Brendita, youre downright pitiful.
"Its here.
Is this what you mean?" I asked, lowering my hands to keep from vomiting at the feeling of his fingers brushing over mine.
Trummaged through the small handbag I carried and pulled out the journal he so desperately coveted.
"Is this what you're looking for?" "Yes, yes!" he exclaimed, snatching it from my grasp.
Iwatched as he eagerly flipped through the pages.
His grin was obvious, but nothing compared to the moment he found the map.
"Js that the location of the exit?" Brenda immediately leaned in, both of them hovering over the table, unfolding the ancient parchment.
"Yes, yes, you have no idea how many times Ive dreamed of seeing it again." Suddenly, I saw him searching through his clothes.
Thats ittake it out, take out the missing piece! ---- A brownish scrap of parchment, aged and even more worn than mine, appeared in his hands.
He placed it on the table, fitting it perfectly with the rest.
There it wasthe breach, the way to escape the Realm of the Elementals.
Thad read the study notes; one of the first witches in my family discovered it.
Over the millennia we had been trapped here, each one contributed whatever knowledge she could They had found that some specters escaped through that spot into the outside world.
It seemed impossible.
Specters were pure dark energy, but we were flesh and blood...
If the King was trapped here, unable to leave, how could we? With transmigration magican extremely rare power that even the Specter King did not possess, one that only a handful of witches carried.
A unique magic that allowed for the opening of portals and breaches between dimensions.
Bella had possessed it, but for some reason, she never completed the ritual to fix the flaw in the barrier.
1 didnt know if I had it.
I could only tryfor my familys sake.
can you read this spell?" he pointed to a page in the journal.
---- I can, but it looks incomplete," I answered truthfully.
"T have the missing page.
All we need is...
No, no, better yet, lets go there together and see if it works." In the blink of an eye, everything spiraled out of control.
With adrenaline and excitement coursing through them at the thought of freedom, I found myself dragged to the treacherous mountain range.
Standing under the nights veil, before the passage framed by colossal stone pillars, I knew the battle was about to begin.
Red eyesthey were always watching us from the darkness.
###Chapter 799
---- 429.
DIVISIONS SALVATORE The blood boiled in my veins, excitement coursing through me for many reasons.
For that woman who fascinated meher defiant gaze, those luscious lips, even her figure, so much like Bellas.
It was as if she had never left, as if she...
had never betrayed me.
But she did! Our dreams, everything we risked together! She never had the right to make that decision on her own.
When she failed to open the rift with her sorcery, there was still another way to strengthen it.
Why the hell would I care about the deaths of a few elemental cockroaches? Ten, a hundred, thousandsit was all the same to me! "crossing over could be dangerous," Brendas voice snapped me out of my turbulent thoughts.
I looked at the entrance, gaping like the mouth of a beast, the canyon stretching into the vast mountains.
My body trembled at the memory of what I had endured here last timeI had nearly died.
But this time, it would be differentwith her...
---- I turned to look at Katherine.
She would come with me once the passage opened.
She would be mine, far from that mutt.
And obviously, with three people, we were already a crowd.
"Katherine, can you recite this enchantment? It will help mask our life force from the specters and wild creatures," I handed her another of the pages I had torn and stolen from that journal.
At least in this, I was ahead of Bella.
"This one?" She pointed at the text, looking at me with those innocent eyes.
How would she look while coming undone? Would she be as passionate as Bella? "Yes, little one, this one.
Can you understand it?" I whispered as I leaned closer, inhaling the fresh, delicious scent of her perfume.
"Give me...
give me a minute." Take all the time you need," I murmured, breathing the same air as her.
?Soon, if this works, if you can cast the spell, I'll steal you away for myself? "Inspector, come here for a moment," Brendas sarcastic voice pierced my ear.
Inspector? Please.
She knew damn well I had ambushed and killed the real Mr.
Max.
###Chapter 800
---- Thid my grimace of annoyancejealousy hung in the air, floating like poison.
"What is it?" "Do you need a handkerchief to wipe the drool you're about to drop on her tits?" she whispered, pulling me aside while Kath familiarized herself with the magical runes.
"Dont tell me youre about to throw a tantrum right now," I rolled my eyes in frustration.
"You think Im an idiot? You think I dont notice your interest in her? Youre getting worse at hiding it!" she hissed through clenched teeth, her canines elongating menacingly.
She was like a bitch yapping at my heels.
And so what? Tell me, ex-Duchess, what the hell do you plan to do about it?" I asked coldly, watching the flicker of shock in her eyes.
"Just because we fucked a few times, you think we're mates? Are you insane? Are you really that starved for love?" I clicked my tongue.
"We're partners, Brenda.
Dont get confused.
No one ever mentioned exclusivity here." "But...
but we..." "We only exist as long as we follow the rules.
And you looked so obedient while we were screwing over Thesiowithout complaints, without stupid jealousy," I stroked her pale cheek.
---- "Dont ruin this, sweetheart, because you are not the woman who can tie me to her bed...
Katherine, are you ready?" T turned and walked toward my sorceress, leaving that she-wolf behind.
I could feel her furious, burning gaze on my back, but I didnt care.
Soon, shed be left to rot.
Aworthless mutt, a brainless beast.
Witches and vampires have always been a more refined step in evolution than werewolves.
"I think I'm ready.
I drew the symbols on the ground," she pointed to acircle of runes.
"smart girl," I smirked, my fingers twitching to graze the tempting curve of her exposed necklineso soft, so pale, so full.
"We can start testing it.
Im not sure if it will work," she stepped away, leaving me wanting more again.
Despite the control spell, 1 knew damn well she felt no attraction toward me.
For now.
That would change later.
"Good.
Then lets begin.
Brenda, stand in the middle of the circle." "No!" she snapped like a fool, and I felt the urge to skin her alive right then and there.
But I still needed heras a lab rat, at the very least, she could serve some purpose.
"T can go first," Kaths voice sounded near me.
I didnt want it to be her.
---- "Brenda, without a witch, we cant do anything.
I swear, if you don't cooperate..." "What?! What will you do? Run off with your whore?!" My eyes flashed red, my body moving at an inhuman speed, and in mere seconds, I had her lifted by the throat, my nails digging deeper and deeper as they lengthened.
Blood trickled down my wrist, igniting my predators instincts.
Her legs flailed in the air, her eyes filled with panic as she clawed at my grip, struggling to free herself.
"If you ever speak to me like that again, I'll rip your throat out.
Do you understand?" I snarled, crushing her with my aura.
"Y-yes...
let...
me go," she rasped, her breathing labored, desperately trying to force her body to shift.
I flung her harshly onto the rune circle.
"Katherine, start reciting the spell!" I stood off to the side, watching as the woman on the ground coughed and clutched her bruised throat.
###Chapter 801
---- 430.
EXPERIMENTS SALVATORE My sorceresss melodious voice floated through the air as the runes ignited with magic, glowing in golden particles that danced in the breeze.
The wind stirred her brown hairit was just as I remembered, like Thad stepped back in time.
When the final words left her lips, words I couldnt truly understand since they were witchcraft, it was my turn.
"Get out of the way.
See? Cooperating wasnt so hard.
I shield you with magic, and this is how you repay me?" I nearly kicked that idiot Brenda.
She stood up with her head bowed, still in one piece.
At least Kath had control over the spellshe hadnt sent her flying through the air.
Now, we just had to see if it actually worked.
"Come, lets do it together.
Stand in front of me," I called Katherine.
I no longer cared about keeping up appearances in front of Brenda.
I remembered how the first time, I had held Bellas waist as she surrounded us with her protective magic.
"No, I dont dare.
I dont want to lose focus and fail," she refused, and my patience with her endless rejections was wearing thin.
"Fine.
Do it however you feel most comfortable." There will be ---- plenty of time later.
And so, the next round began.
I felt the power thrumming beneath my skin, my eyes fixating on the depths of the canyon.
The long-awaited escape awaited meawaited us.
The night stretched overhead, inching forward.
By now, that fool Elliot Everhart should be searching for his woman.
Asly grin curled my lips "You wont find her.
Pll take her from your side." eee NARRATOR Katherine performed the spell three timestwo protective enchantments first, followed by a different one just for herself.
It was incredible how the change of a single rune or a mispronounced word could alter everything.
This was meant to be a shieldto keep them undetected by beasts and allow them to escape from the specters.
Katherine wanted to test whether it truly worked.
Everything she did tonight was an experiment, a way to verify if the journals knowledge could be used without danger.
She wouldnt risk Lavinias lifeor Elliots and his friends'.
---- Could she take them through as well? With the information Salvatore provided and the stolen pages, they were preparing for an escape.
But now, she watched the rats scurrying ahead of her.
They ventured deeper into the canyon, darkas a wolfs maw and cold as deaths grip.
Air currents whistled through cracks in the rocks and underground caves, sounding like the lament of ghosts.
The three of them remained on high alert, each calculating their own odds, silently conspiring against the other.
And then, everything changed "Baby, Aldo and Tomas have located a dangerous group of predators.
I'll scare them toward your position." A voice poured into Katherines mind.
Elliot was growing impatient, and Vorathwell, keeping him restrained was no small task.
"Love, dont let them get too close, or the vampire might catch their scent and get suspicious.
Theyre not as strong as you." "They know that.
Dont worry," the Duke assured her, his tone laced with concern.
"Katherine, are you certain about this spell? If I see you in danger, V'llintervene immediately.
I doubt that idiot has any more secrets left to tell us."
###Chapter 802
---- We're about to find out, Elliot.
I would never take unnecessary risks.
Lets see if this enchantment is as good as Salvatore claims." Katherine responded with confidence.
If the spell was flawed, she had a backup plan to escape sok KATHERINE Step by step, I moved forward when suddenly, I saw the vampires back stiffen.
His eyes locked ahead, on the narrow path curving behind a mountainside.
Brenda sniffed the air, and both of them exchanged glances.
Then, they walked toward me, each positioning themselves at my sides as if I were their shield.
"Damn it, there are too many...
Looks like we've wandered into their territory," Brenda murmured anxiously.
"If you lied to me, Salvatore" "shut up, Brenda.
Theyre coming," he growled through gritted teeth.
Even I was growing nervous, my heart pounding wildly against my tibs.
In the eerie silence, unsettling laughter echoedor rather, the distorted calls of creatures imitating laughter.
Vicious yellow eyes gleamed from the darkness.
I looked up, stiffening as I realized they were watching us from the lower rocks ---- as well.
Hyenas.
We were surrounded by at least fifty of theman entire ravenous clan, and we were their next meal.
"Move forward slowly," Salvatore instructed, and we obeyed.
The three of us tense, measuring every step.
Suddenly, a few of, them advanced toward us.
"Damn it, Salvatore..." Stay still, Brenda.
The spell must be workingotherwise, they wouldnt be so calm." Sure enough, one of the hyenasa massive, muscular creature with brown fur and black spotsstepped closer.
So close, its exposed fangs nearly brushed Salvatores cloak and trousers.
We all froze, watching as sheclearly the leadersniffed each of us in turn.
Thad no idea what scent we carried, but somehow, we had fooled their senses.
It worked! "Love, it works!" I told Elliot, who let out a relieved breath.
This formidable clan of hyenas was only a glimpse of the dangers in this land.
Even Elliot, a powerful lycan, had struggled with them before.
The alpha raised her head, letting out one of those strange guttural callsan order for retreat.
I listened as their powerful paws shuffled away in search of their next prey.
---- Until something changed.
###Chapter 803
---- 431.
THAT LYCAN IS MY HUSBAND! KATHERINE We turned to watch them retreat, but I stepped back, separating myself from the other two.
And as the tide of predators surged past them, I stripped away their protection.
Just as I had given it to them, I could just as easily take it away.
How naive Salvatore wasjust a pathetic fool who had the blessing of being loved by a talented sorceress.
She had taught him a few magic tricks, and he already thought himself a master, even believing he had me under his control with his great power.
"zZanareth lamen valshara, tesh almorath ven dorei." I recited in my mind, my eyes glowing in the darkness, golden sparks flickering in my pupils.
The protection I granted you now returns to me." I extended my arm, catching the light that evaporated from their bodies.
In an instant, everything shifted, and chaos erupted.
The hyenas caught the scent of flesh once more, their hunger driving them back into the hunt.
Their sharp laughter echoed through the mountain pass, and the carnivores began to circle usor rather, them.
"Wait, what is this?! What did you do, witch?! Aaahhh!" Brenda was the first to scream as a hyena leaped from above, aiming for ---- her head.
She shifted instantly, her wolf form fighting for survival in the midst of the ravenous pack.
I watched as Salvatore pulled a weapon from his handdaggers, gleaming under the moonlight, razor-sharp.
The scent of blood and the sound of snarls filled the air as he fought, skillfully cutting down one hyena after another, each trying to tear a piece of him apart.
He might have been a powerful vampire, but they outnumbered him.
I grabbed my skirt and ran toward higher groundI needed to see the full picture.
Where exactly were we? Were we near the location marked on the map? Thad to regroup with my people and wait for the chance to retrieve the stolen documents from Salvatores bag.
But then, a chilling sensation prickled the back of my neck.
I turned and saw a wolf a rabid specter from the underworld.
Her fangs dripped crimson, one eye swollen shut from claw wounds, patches of raw flesh exposed from vicious bites.
Yet she had still managed to leap past the hyenas.
Her hatred ran so deep that instead of attacking her treacherous partner, sheas alwayschose to go after the weakest link.
---- "go thats what you think, idiot!" I shouted, summoning my magic.
1 felt it surge through my veins, pooling in my chest, the heat rising and rising, climbing up my throat like molten lava.
My brown eyes flared into glowing gold.
My fist clenched over my lips, and I roared, expelling the fire from my insides with all the strength of my heart.
The fire spell burst from my parted lips in ferocious flames, engulfing Brendas wolf in an instant.
"Aaaauuuu!" Through the rising smoke, I heard her agonized howl.
But I never expected that, even in her final moments, Brenda would still try to kill me.
Apparently, she really didnt take well to losing the attention of two men.
I stepped back as her burning silhouette lunged through the haze, her enraged snarl thundering in my ears.
There was no escape, but I also couldnt unleash magic too recklesslyI feared the eyes of His Majesty above.
Still, I raised my hands, ready to summon the deadly lightning.
The words were already on my lips, the storm clouds churning above with growing intensity.
And at the very last secondjust before our collisionsomeone stepped between us.
###Chapter 804
---- Salvatore.
The daggers in his hands had merged into a single blade, slicing clean through Brendas throat mid-air.
Burned beyond recognition, her eyes dimmed, brimming with such resentment that I felt the weight of her curses pressing against my heart.
Salvatore flung her lifeless, smoldering body into the hyenas, who hesitated, wary of the raw force of elemental fire.
I knew it was time to escape.
Salvatore was not the same as Brenda.
Before he could react, I triggered my transformationmy ace in the hole.
My entire body shifted into a black magpie, fast and perfectly camouflaged in the night.
My wings spread wide, and that intoxicating sense of freedom filled my chest.
I soared through the sky, craving to dissolve into the darkness.
But just as I prepared to focus on flying toward Elliot, that same eerie urgency pulsed through me.
I flapped harderdesperate.
I had practiced in secret, over and over, but my coordination was still lacking.
A fist of icy mist began closing around my bird form, tightening to trap me mid-flight.
Tlet out a frantic caw, a warning cry.
The grip of the forming hand pressed in, holding me in the air.
---- Salvatore.
He had pursued me in mist form, materializing now with me trapped in his grasp.
I considered shifting mid-air, fighting back, but before his boots even touched the ground with me caught in his hands A lycans roar shattered the night.
I felt the tremor in Salvatores fingers.
This was our greatest advantage: I was never alone.
A dark shadow launched at us from the top of the cliff.
seizing the moment while the vampire was frozen in shock, I shifted back into my human form and snatched the leather bag tied to his waist.
Tyanked with all my strength, breaking free from his hold and fleeing behind the tall rocksgiving Vorath his opening.
"KATHERINE!" Salvatore roared, his voice laced with fear.
Fora second, I think he actually thought I was in danger.
That the lycan was another enemy.
But then, realization struck him like a dagger to the heart.
That lycan is my husband, you idiot.
Voraths enormous claws shot straight for his throat Even in mid-air, his massive form seemed to blot out the moon.
His fangsrazor-sharp like serrated blades, capable of ripping off Salvatores head in a single bitebared with feral, murderous rage.
---- BAM! A dull thud echoed as he slammed Salvatore into the ground, attacking with relentless fury.
The sound of laughter and the hyenas scattering filled the distance.
imagined Brendas charred corpseperhaps they were dragging it away as carrion.
I crouched behind my cover, watching the brutal clash of supernatural forces, waiting for the right moment to help Elliot in battle if needed.
Only, I never expected how soon that moment would come.
And in truth, Salvatore wasnt even our biggest problem.
###Chapter 805
---- 432.
THE END OF A TRAITOR NARRATOR Salvatore was forcibly ripped from his shock.
When the massive beast, radiating the most murderous aura he had ever seen, lunged at him from the heights, he had no choice but to fight for his life.
He hadnt even sensed him nearbyhe, a superior being.
The veins in his muscular arm bulged, throbbing with raw power.
Vorath wielded his claws like deadly weapons, ready to tear into the unprepared vampire.
It looked like the end for Salvatoreno time to escape.
The shadow of death loomed over him! Axoar shook the canyon, and just inches from his enemys head, dozens of bats disintegrated, screeching into the night.
The lycans attack struck nothing but air, but Voraths nose could not be deceived.
His powerful paws thundered against the ground, kicking up dust as the massive predator landed from the cliffside Glowing red eyes fixated on the vampires bodynow shattered into a swarm of bats, fleeing from the impending doom.
But nothing could save him.
Vorath launched himself in their direction with staggering speed, jaws wide open, snapping shut on empty airobliterating the ---- illusion.
A pained hiss sliced through the night as Salvatore was forced back into his physical form.
The bats dissolved into mist, vanishing into the darkness.
And that was when the real battle began.
But the vampire knew he was no match for a face-to-face fight against that beast.
Katherine remained hidden behind the rocks, watching, waiting for her moment.
She could barely follow the fight with her eyesit was too fast, a blur of movement in the consuming darkness.
The moonlight faded behind the storm clouds rolling in swiftly overhead.
The world seemed to drown in blackness, shadows stretching and shifting ominously, the air thick and suffocating.
The metallic scent of blood splattered across the stonesmore of it Salvatores, as his movements slowed with every dodge, barely evading Voraths relentless attacks.
There was no doubt now.
This monster could be none other than the Duke of Everhart.
To the very end, that idiot Brenda had fed him false information, and he had been foolish enough to believe her without digging deeper.
"AAAHHI" he howled as Voraths fangs clamped onto his arm, locking him in place.
###Chapter 806
---- Up close, he saw those red eyesthe kind that froze the blood in his veins.
The wind howled, carving a path for the lycans next strikeone aimed straight at his throat.
Cold sweat drenched Salvatores body.
He had never felt fear like this in his life.
He had to escapeto run, just like when he and Bella had been torn apart.
Wait, that woman! With a final burst of energy, his body once again fractured into dozens of black bats, darting straight toward where he felt Katherine's presence.
He wasnt even thinking about using her anymorehe just needed a shield from her furious husband.
In an instant, Katherine found herself face to face with Salvatore.
His flesh lay in gruesome tatters, skin torn open in jagged wounds, blood spilling from his neck, shoulderseverywhere Vorath had mercilessly struck him.
"You'll pay for this, you damn bitch! Youre just like hereven in this you resemble that traitorous Bella!" he roared, lunging at the Duchess.
His time was running outhe could already hear the earth trembling under the furious sprint of the lycan behind him.
Salvatores bloodied hand flared red as he reached for Katherines ---- throat, gripping it tightly.
He had no intention of killing heryet.
He needed leverage, a hostage.
Hed turn with her in his grasp and face the Duke.
He savored the panic in the sorceresss eyes.
So foolish.
They could have had everything he had wanted to show her there was more beyond this prison.
Youll regret this!" he spat at her, enraged.
But just as he reached out to grab her with his other handto lift her by the throat and crush herraw panic seized him instead.
He couldnt move.
HE COULDN'T MOVE! "I knew youd come for me," Katherines venomous voice slithered into his ears.
"And you are the only one paying for what you've done." No matter how desperately he wanted to break free, he couldn't.
His gaze droppedhis eyes widened in horror.
Hidden beneath his feet, glowing runes illuminated the ground.
She had tricked him.
It was a trap! "No, no, NO! Let me go, BellaLET ME GO!" In his panic, the past and present blurred into one.
Those brown eyesfilled with mocking amusementit was her! The reincarnation of the lover who had betrayed him.
---- "AAHHHH!" Salvatores roar was drowned out by the sickening sound of flesh being ripped apart.
From behind, razor-sharp claws pierced straight through his backdriving through his chest.
He had never moved from his spot.
Katherine held him in place while Vorath impaled him.
A dark, blood-soaked limbthe beasts handburst through the gaping hole in Salvatores chest.
His eyes, wide with disbelief and agony, remained locked on the face he had once loved so obsessively.
But he refused to die like this.
Not after centuries of hiding.
Not after all the betrayals, the deceit, the countless sins committed to survive.
If he was going downhe was taking them with him.
###Chapter 807
---- 433.
THE POWER OF LAVINIA NARRATOR Katherine watched the twisted smile that appeared on the dying man's face, a bad omen flashing through her mind.
"Get away from him, Vorath! He's about to do something! GET Away!" The giant lycan pulled his hand back, scattering the remains of Salvatores open chest.
Without a second thought, he lunged at Katherine to shield her, sensing the danger himselfthere was no time for her to run.
He wrapped his body around her like a shield, forcing the witch to release the control spell over the dying vampire.
suddenly, eerie shrieks rose into the night.
They expected an explosion of energy, something devastating.
Yet, it never crossed their minds that Salvatore would use his last strength just to send amessage.
To marka location, a beacon in the darkness that would clearly say, "Here lie succulent supernatural creatures to drain." Through a small gap in Voraths fur, Katherine witnessed the vampires body disintegrate into hundredsperhaps thousands of tiny bats A cloud of calamity loomed over them, screeching and screeching, the noise piercing their ears almost to the point of bleeding.
---- It lasted only seconds, yet it felt like centuries.
BOOM! They exploded like ink in the night, like dark rain evaporating into nothing before touching the ground It was Salvatores final trick of power.
He had lived so long for this moment, and in the end, only death awaited him.
"I think...
I think its over." Katherine dared to murmur, running her fingers through her mates fur, closing her eyes as she embraced him.
Vorath longed to scent her, touch her to feel her warmth, carry her back homebut he was drenched in blood.
First, they had to get out of this cursed place.
Yet before they could move, just as they thought they had escaped the nightmare...
"Elliot, you have to get out of the canyon! We're in the forest, but we can see it from here! Specters, specters are moving in your direction!" Aldos voice pierced through their senses.
Every muscle in Voraths body tensed, his fur bristledhis fear was solely for Katherine safety.
"What's happe...2" Katherines words caught in her throat.
###Chapter 808
---- Inasplit second, Vorath had thrown her behind him.
He growled menacingly, standing protectively in front of her.
"No, no..." the witch stammered, cold sweat running down her back as she looked uptoward the cliffs and peaks of the rocky formations.
It was as if giant shadows were watching them from above, their clawed handssharper than daggers, far larger than Voraths clinging to the edges as they leaned down.
It seemed like all their supernatural power would be devoured in the next second.
The witch tried to summon some kind of protective magic, but it was useless now.
By this point, they had been discovered.
These were not hyenas, nor wild animals.
These were greater predatorsspecters.
They were surrounded, both canyon exits blocked by five of them.
As powerful as Vorath was, he couldnt kill them allbut he could carve a path for Katherine "Get ready, Katherine.
No matter what, turn into a magpie and fly fast.
Ill clear a way for you..." "NO! NO, ELLIOT! WE FIGHT TOGETHER, I WON'T LEAVE YOU!" THINK OF LAVINIA, THINK OF OUR DAUGHTER! SHELL BE LEFT WITH NO ONE! I CAN ESCAPE, BUT I NEED YOU SAFE! Please, baby ---- He pleaded in their minds.
He knew Katherines determination she would never leave him behind.
The enormous lycan bared his fangs, his throat vibrating with guttural soundspure warnings.
He would fight to the death.
His fangs still dripped with the blood of his previous victim.
The same victim who had betrayed them before dying.
Katherine watched the distorted faces shrouded in darkness, then looked upone of their vicious hands was stretching toward her.
A wicked laugh, filled with jagged teeth, gleamed through the shadows.
They were doomed.
see At the castle, Lavinia awoke drenched in sweat, screaming from her bed.
Her heart pounded like a hundred wild horses galloping out of control, crashing against her chest noisily.
Her parents...
something was wrong with them.
A sense of urgency ignited in her mind She jumped from the bed and ran barefoot into the night.
The house was dark, most of the servants had retired.
The carpet muffled the sound of her small feet.
---- She never entered the Dukes chamber without knocking, but this time, she simply grabbed the doorknob and stepped inside.
"Mom? Father Duke?" she called out fearfully, crossing the antechamber.
The balcony doors suddenly burst open with a deafening noise, making her scream in fright.
Outside, a flash of lightning illuminated the nighta trigger for the approaching storm.
A torrential downpour crashed onto the lands of Everhart.
"Mom! Dad!" Lavinia ran toward the inner chamber, throwing herself onto the cold sheets, the empty bed tightening the panic in her chest.
Her nightmare...
those horrible creatures...
it was all coming true! Then, a beam of light flickered from the Duchesss dresser.
Tears streamed down her cheeks as she approached and opened the drawer.
Inside lay the pendantone she had seen in her mothers hands.
before.
"Wear it, Lavinia, wear it." Voices poured into her mindunreal, urgent, ethereal, and beautiful.
With trembling hands, Lavinia grasped the chain.
It bumned against her fingers.
###Chapter 809
---- 434.
WE ARE ALIVE NARRATOR Even so, she passed it around her fragile neck and put on the relic.
The dark stone trembled and glowed with greater intensity, as if sunlight was shining from within it.
The wind howled through the glass door, slamming it open and shut in rhythmic bursts.
Lavi violently.
ias white nightgown billowed Her hair lifted, fluttering as beams of light wrapped around her body.
"T want to go to my parents! I want to go to my mom! Save my parents!" she screamed into the void with all her strength, and the intense light exploded, swallowing her small figure.
The next second, there was no one left in the Dukes chamber.
see "ELLIOT!" Katherine screamed as she watched the enormous, powerful lycan fall right in front of her.
Dark blood stained the ground.
Her hands trembled as she summoned her strongest spells, bolts of lightning crashing down relentlessly.
But the natural elements barely harmed the dark energy surrounding them, ready to tear them apart and consume them whole.
---- They were only toying with them, like prey that had no chance of escaping their claws.
"Why didnt you leave, Katherine...
why?" "T won't leave you, Elliot! I cant, I cant!" She threw herself over the werewolfs body as he struggled to rise again and again.
Vorath roared in agony, his broken joints and nearly displaced heart making every movement unbearable.
The cold closed in around them like a prison, caging them.
Katherine looked upshe couldnt even see a light anymore.
Only blackness, only malice, and limbs stretching toward them.
Howls echoed in the distance.
Their friends were trying to do something, but they would only come to die as well.
Elliot shouted at them to run.
Tears streamed down Katherines dirt-streaked face as she clung, to the beast that had fought endlessly to shield her.
She closed her eyes, waiting for the end.
In this world, they were nothing more than filth, paying for the sins of their ancestors.
Lavinia, her poor Lavinia..
"Mom!" In the midst of her agony, Katherine thought she was hallucinating when she heard her daughter's voice.
###Chapter 810
---- But she soon realized it wasnt a delusion.
"LAVINIA!" She heard Elliot panic even more, roaring the pups name.
Fragile hands touched the Duchesss shoulder and the blood-soaked fur of the beast.
Everything happened in a flash.
Katherine stared in shock at her daughters face right beside her, just as an explosion of light, emptiness, and a rupture in space engulfed them.
She desperately grabbed onto Vorath and clung to Lavinia "Go home!" It was the last command she heard from Elliot to Aldo and Tomas.
She spotted the leather bag beside her knees and grabbed it swiftly before they were swallowed by the breach her daughter had unknowingly created with her witchs power.
Without even realizing it, just through sheer will to save them, Lavinia had summoned the impossible.
Aldo and Tomas halted mid-runthey had been about to do something reckless, drawing the specters' attention to create an opening for their Alpha and Luna to escape.
However, sharp, enraged shrieks, capable of shattering any will, made them freeze.
Elliots command connected with their minds, and thena flash of light burst in the distance.
The scent of the rest of their pack had ---- vanished.
"Aldo, I swear I caught the Alpha pups scentLavinia!" Toms could hardly believe it.
"What the hell is that girl doing here?" "Tt doesnt matter! Run back nowbefore the specters find us!" But their shock only grew when they realized one of the creatures was already blocking the canyons exit.
"D4mn it! We fight before more of them come!" They charged in full force.
From would-be rescuers, they had now become the prey.
Damn it all.
But this daring duo, as always, risking everything for loyalty, found themselves lucky once more.
The specter was ready to devour them aliveno more gamesbut just before the attack collided, Aldo and Tomas saw it lift its head toward the sky and stop.
The night was waning, dawn was on the horizon, Excited shrieks echoed again in the distance, and thenthe specter vanished.
Just like that, it abandoned its prey and soared into the skies, disappearing into the darkness.
Tomas and Aldo could hardly believe their eyesit felt like a hallucination.
They turned to look toward where Elliot and Katherine had been ambushed just moments agoonly to be even more stunned.
Like whirlwinds of dark energy, the specters that had come to hunt in these mountains were merging with the clouds above.
---- They say...
his majesty dwells there." "Hes not our king, but the ruler of the Elementals." Aldo corrected, a hint of disdain in his voice.
"Tt doesnt matter what happenedwe have to leave now that we've been spared." And so, the two wolves sprinted into the forest.
They would go back to where they had left the horses and return to the castle.
Praying the Dukes were still alive.
ad Many miles away, beneath the relentless rain pounding the Everhart Duchy, at the grand castle gates It was as if a tear had been ripped through the very fabric of reality.
Blinding light burst forth, illuminating the night.
And when it finally dimmed, fading away Three bodies lay on the ground.
###Chapter 811
---- 435.
WAR IS MY HOPE NARRATOR Lavinia, unconscious in Elliots arms, now in his human form, and Katherine, also clinging to the werewolfs chestboth kneeling.
Wounded and beyond exhaustion, but alive.
Very much alive.
Under the rain, Katherine met her man's blue eyes, and they melted into a desperate embrace, before she showered frantic kisses on their daughters forehead.
Thats when she noticed the pendant resting against the childs chest.
They had a rough idea nowthis was magic.
Lavinias magic had saved them.
A transmigration spell.
Lavinia was special, just like Bella.
Katherine had never been the heir to that unique magic, as everyone had believed.
It was her daughter.
Kaths tears mixed with the rain.
"Its over now, love.
Its over." Elliot tried to console her.
But deep inside, neither he nor Vorath were as calm as they pretended to be.
He looked up through the downpour.
It was almost impossible that His Majesty hadnt sensed all this supernatural power clashing in the air.
Sometimes, Elliot wondered if the Specter King simply didnt care.
There had never been a time when that being intervened in the ---- affairs of the realm.
He merely existed, suspended in resentment and his own world of darkness...
waiting, accumulating strength, survivingfed by his hatred But what if he changed his mind? What if he decided they were a threat now? Escape? The Duke realized it wouldnt be that simple.
Chasing the promises of that journal felt like a utopian dream.
They had almost died without even reaching the critical point.
Elliot stood, lifting Lavinia in a princess carry.
Katherine still clutched the leather satchelshe couldnt afford to lose it after all they had sacrificed.
As soon as they stepped into the house, they heard the hurried footsteps of Tomas and Aldos wives rushing toward them.
The women had ordered the household staff to retire early, aware that tonight would involve a delicate operation.
Elliot didnt stopaside from how they all looked, his only focus was getting Lavinia to her room.
Katherine stayed behind to calm the women, asking about their mates.
Then, Freya arrived, draping a shawl over her shoulders, anxious.
And when she heard that Lavinia had vanished from the castle right under her nose, to such a dangerous placeher knees nearly gave out.
"Nana, Lavinia saved our lives.
If not for her, we would have died out there.
W Katherine pressed a trembling hand to her ---- forehead, swaying forward.
"Katherine!" Freya dared to call her by name as she caught her.
The pack members now knew her true identity.
"My lady!" The other women rushed to help as she nearly collapsed, dizziness blurring her vision.
"I've got her.
Shes just exhausted." Elliot had sprinted back down the stairs just in time to catch her.
"Lavinia.
"Darling, shes fine.
Shes just recharging.
She overloaded herself.
" He reassured her, cradling her in his arms, wrapping a blanket around her trembling body.
"Please, Lady Freya, change our daughters clothes so she doesnt catch a cold.
Take care of her.
Ill check on her ina moment." The elder woman nodded immediately.
"And dont worryI can sense Aldo and Tomas.
They must be on their way back." The women sighed in relief, anxiously gathered in the servants quarters, trying not to wake the rest of the household.
"And make sure to keep that leather folder safe.
I'll need it later." He nodded toward the stack of ancient papers that had nearly cost them their lives.
With everything more or less settled, he headed upstairs.
###Chapter 812
---- He kissed Kaths forehead with devotion.
She had her eyes closed, still clinging to him.
Today, they had nearly lost her.
And that failurethey would never forgive themselves for it.
They had to grow stronger.
Elliot, theres something else." The Duke tensed at his wolfs grave tone.
J can smell it now.
Our mate is already pregnant." Vorath assured him, his instincts burning with the urge to curl up around his battered mate.
Elliot wasnt much better off he was only standing through sheer willpower.
They had to protect their family.
He nearly forgot how to take the last steps up the staircase, his mind spinning with the revelation.
His blue eyes landed on Kaths stomach.
This was what he had always longed forhis family, his little pups, the living proof of his love with his mate Yet, his brow furrowed deeper with every step he took toward their chamber.
Goddess, what were they going to do? Escape, hide, run from the justice of the Elementals? But where? There was no safe refuge within this cursed existence.
Yet, just when their desperation was at its peak The next morning, a messenger arrived from the royal palace.
---- Ear from what the Duke of Everhart had expectedno death sentence, no investigation into the disappearance of the real Mr.
Maxwhat he received was an urgent summons.
The Regent was ordering the full mobilization of his army...
To defend the Elemental Realm in His Majestys name.
They were going to war against the Supernatural Realm.
Elliots hands trembled as he read the official decree.
Did this mean...
the impenetrable barrier would be opened? Was it possible for them to escape? Thousands of possibilities surged through his chest as he watched the royal messenger gallop away.
He ran inside the castle, where his men had just returned safely from the swamp lands.
aldo, Tomasread this!" He handed them the document urgently.
Aldos dirty hands grasped the letter, his eyes catching the fire of excitement in the Duke's pupils.
When they read the news, their eyes widened in equal disbelief.
"Do you think we can escape?" Aldos heart pounded, all three of them thrumming with the pure adrenaline of a possible chance at freedom.
"Its a path.
We need to be ready.
Now, go! Summon Vittorioour army must be prepared!" ---- Elliot took the stairs two at a time, the parchment burning in his grip, a rare smile breaking across his face Hope igniting in his heart.
###Chapter 813
---- 436.
UNCERTAIN FATE NARRATOR (MOMENT FROM THE FIRST VOLUME WHERE SILAS, SIGRID, VALERIA, AND ALDRIC ENTER THROUGH THE BARRIER AND SPEAK WITH THE REGENT) Elliot watched from a distance as the leaders spoke, the air thick with tension, their words reaching his supernatural ears.
"Elliot, those people who crossed the mist are supernatural beings.
The tall red-haired man is a lycanI can feel it.
A very powerful one." Vorath spoke, both of them excitedly eavesdropping on the conversation.
Then, the Duke turned his attention to the man with a cold, almost indifferent expressionplatinum hair, golden eyes.
So that was His Majesty.
Truth be told, Elliot felt a little disappointed.
He had always idealized the Specter King, expecting him to look more heroic, different, exorbitant, something...
more invincible.
However, in the midst of his mental ramblings, he froze when, for just a few seconds, those intense, cruel golden eyes locked onto him.
The Lycan King was speaking with the Regentno one else seemed to notice, it barely lasted a breath, but Elliot felt it.
The raw warning.
The pressure on his chest.
The invisible grip around his throat.
---- He knows, damn it.
He knows you're a supernatural being," Vorath warned, even breaking into a cold sweat himself.
That man screamed danger from every angle, despite his detached demeanor.
The Specter King didn't spare him a second glancehis full attention was absorbed by the small woman at his side.
"He said she was his mate.
That they want to open the realms and cooperate.
Elliot, this is an opportunity.
Whether he chooses to spare us or not, I dont feel safe with my mate and pups trapped in here." On that, they both agreed.
"His mate is a supernatural beingthe princess of the other realm.
I think thats why hell let us go." Elliot reasoned.
It seemed the beast full of hatred had been tamed by love.
Unfortunately, the meeting didnt end well.
As he steadied his nervous horse, he watched them leave, his heart sinking as the barrier sealed shut once more.
That damn Regent turned around, furious, barking orders.
Of course, Baltazar didnt want to lose his grip over the kingdom.
But here, the one in charge was the Specter King...
or rather, "Looks like the real boss is the Kings mate." Vorath came to the same conclusion as Elliot.
The armies were withdrawn.
He returned home, still uncertain of what to do.
---- Kath and he waited anxiously especially now, with two pups on the way and a little witch on the verge of exposing her powers again, The situation was critical, despite the possible opening of the barrier.
However, days later, they were summoned to the palace once more 1m going with you, darling..." "No." Elliot held Katherine against his chest as they lay in bed.
"Its a welcome dinner.
A delegation from the other realm is arriving.
I need to helpyou know we need to find a way to tell them we want to leave." Katherine sat up.
Her hands rested on his strong chest, her finger smoothing the wrinkle between his brows.
He was worried.
"Im scared, love.
I got reports from the palacethe Regent isnt happy about His Majestys orders.
Hes losing his mind, looking for excuses to keep the territory locked down." He admitted.
"Screw that power-hungry old man.
Didnt he always preach His Majesty this, His Majesty that? Well, now he can deal with it!" she huffed, cupping his face and bringing it close.
"Its now or never, my Duke.
This belly is going to start showing soon.
And theres already a disaster in the part of the Duchy where your ex-friend used to rule." Kath twisted her lips, recalling Brenda and the chaos she had caused.
Elliot, if we let this chance slip, if they lock us in this prison again, they will discover us.
There are too many loose endsthe ---- inspectors disappearance, things will get complicate
###Chapter 814
---- "Alright, alright.
We'll goas the Dukes of Everhart.
But under no circumstances can you let your power slip, Katherine.
Not in the palace." he warned.
With the growing energy inside the little witch, untrained and managing everything alone, there had already been some accidents at home.
If she accidentally set the Regents beard on fire, theyd be screwed.
But Katherine soon found herself tangled in something much worse.
eee Days later...
While Elliot and Katherine teetered on the edge of uncertainty, fearing for their future On the other side of the barrier, no longer as impenetrable, the palace of the supernatural kings loomed miles away.
"shouldnt we have gone? I dont know, maybe it would have been more respectful...
Aldric? Babe, Im talking to you." "Baby, just drop it." Aldric lifted his head from the very important task he was handling while sitting on the bed.
Massaging his mates swollen feet.
Her little feet looked like two stuffed hams as Valeria leaned back against the plush pillows.
---- "If their so-called Specter King is more interested in...
inhaled deeply to suppress certain images of her daughter and that perverted silver-haired man from her mind.
1 Tf hes more interested in checking out Sigrid internally rather than dealing with his own kingdom of weirdos, then why should I leave my pregnant mate to negotiate with that pompous Regent?" Valeria watched as Aldric lowered his head again, still fully concentrated on applying the perfect pressure.
She let out a satisfied sigh.
Damn, that massage felt amazing.
She was so ready to give birth already every part of her body ached, even her soul.
She popped a peanut into her mouth from the plate resting on her round belly.
A smile tugged at her lips as she admired her manso focused, as if he were on the most critical mission of his life.
Sunlight poured in through the open balcony doors, making his fiery hair gleam intensely as it cascaded over his tattooed shoulders.
His muscles flexed, the red and black tribal ink seeming to dance across his skin.
So sexy and wildher mate.
She would never stop thanking the heavens for taking the risk of staying by his side.
"If you keep devouring me with that look, Ill start thinking youre making an indecent invitation." His deep gray eyes flicked up at her.
---- "And what if lam?" Valeria stretched her leg, sliding her toes over the bulge in his pants, stroking it up and down.
"Would the Lycan King accept?" Aldrics gaze dragged up along her pale, gorgeous legs.
Everything about her fascinated himevery inch of her drove him mad, just like the first time.
Azarots wolfish eyes narrowed when Valeria hiked her nightgown up over her thighs, flexing her legs.
This woman was pure fireand pregnancy only made her hornier by the hour.
"Didnt you just say I should attend the meeting?" he murmured, gripping her ankle, pressing her small foot harder against his already half-hard cock.
"Didnt you just say you wanted to do the same as the Specter King? " Valeria teased.
"I bet hes doing the exact same thing right now...
"Valeria, dont go there, or you're going to be left hanging.
My damn dick is already going soft." Aldric grumbled, pulling a disgusted face as if he had eaten horse shit.
Valeria burst into laughter at her Kings misery But soon, her legs were being spread wide apart by her very eager lycan.
Come here.
The healer said its good to help you dilate..." ---- "Shameless King...
Mmmm..." seer Back in the Elemental Reali...
Aldric had been right.
Their daughter had just undergone a thorough full-body examination By a certain sexy villain, pumping between her legs.
###Chapter 815
---- 437.
ARE YOU GOING TO NEGOTIATE OR TO WAR? NARRATOR Silas stared, obsessed, at the woman riding his body, giving him so much pleasure that he was left panting and moaning with lust.
Every time that wet sheath swallowed him and spat him out, he thought he could see the stars and the entire firmament.
Sigrid leaned over his chest and quickened her pace, her hips rolling sensually, her firm buttocks bouncing with each vigorous thrust.
Silas grabbed her tender breasts, caressing and kneading them lasciviously.
In a swift motion, he sat up slightly while she clung to his shoulders, fucking him deliciously.
He opened his mouth and eagerly sucked on her rosy areolas, his tongue teasing her hardened nipples.
The taste of her sweat drove him insane, her hurried moans, the shudder of her body when she came with his cock buried deep inside her.
"silas!" Sigrid moaned loudly, spilling over him, her lips parted, her wolf pupils narrowing she was on the verge of her heat.
She grabbed his moonlit hair, and Silas immediately exposed his neck while thrusting up into her, chasing his own release "Ggrrr," he growled through clenched teeth as he felt her fangs pierce his skin, drinking his powerful blood.
---- His balls tightened fiercely, and his cock pumped his seed, filling his woman's depths.
He gasped and huffed like a beast, plunging to the hilt as he listened to her gulp down his essence Filled on both ends, so utterly satisfied...
for now.
After a few seconds, they embraced.
Silas pulled her against his chest, rolling onto the bed with her.
His cock still throbbed inside her soft flesh.
"Mmmm, my delicious male..." Sigrid murmured, kissing his nipples with a nasal, teasing voice.
The King simply stroked her short, jet-black hair.
Every time they finished making love, he was left with that bittersweet feeling.
He would sink into the depths of his mate and stay there, waiting for a miracle to happen for both of them.
Closing his eyes, he held her tighter.
What if one day she decided that their world of two was not enough? Would she look at his mothers pups and think she would never have her own? "Silas..." Sigrid's soft voice was muffled against his muscles.
The Specter King realized his thoughts had seeped into their bond, reaching his mate.
---- "Today is the meeting between the two realms.
I left an opening for your people.
How do you think it will go?" He changed the conversation completely, staring out the rustic wooden window.
Outside, a thrush sang, and the branches swayed gently in the wind.
His fingertips lazily traced the sexy curve of her back.
"I think it's going to be a disaster," Sigrid sighed, revealing her thoughts, unwilling to dwell on her man's insecurities.
Especially since you refused to go." She propped herself up on his firm chest, watching him.
"You were smelling too intense.
I didnt want you near any man, especially with your heat so close," he replied in a husky tone.
Sigrid got lost in the two radiant suns of his eyes.
Are you saying I smelled like a skunk, Mr.
King?" she teased, puffing her cheeks in mock offense.
The smirk tugging at the corner of Silas's mouth pleased her immensely.
"You know what I mean, and your scent of arousal is the most irresistible aphrodisiac I've ever smelled in my life," he told her, utterly enamored with this Selenia, kissing the tip of her nose.
"Well, I still think we should go, Silas.
I dont like that Regent.
I know you dont care about politics, but you felt it too, didnt you?" Sigrid arched a brow, and Silas nodded thoughtfully.
###Chapter 816
---- "That vanguard warrior was a werewolf.
There are supernatural ---- beings inside the Elemental Realmthey must be terrified!" Sigrid imagined herself in that racist place, and a shiver ran down her spine She knew firsthand what creatures of the night had done to the elementals.
She was the first to defend them, but her parents had also taught her one thing.
Not all of them were good, and definitely, not all of them were bad.
Judging all supernatural beings as despicable murderers and rapists would be like burying her own existence and family in the dirt.
alright, alright, I know that look, but you still have to convince me alittle more..." "Silas, haha, wait, love!" He grabbed her by the waist, rolling them over on the bed, staining the old cabins sheets with pure love.
ad Meanwhile, arriving in carriages that cut through the dark and toxic mist...
"You could've dressed up a bit more.
I mean, Ive already lost hope with Erickhe's a lost cause...," Quinn remarked, eyeing his friend's rough appearance from the seat across from him.
"But Beof, we're going to the Elemental Realm, man.
Maybe you'll find your mate, and you're wearing combat gear? Are you going to negotiate or to war?" ---- Quinn grimaced at the sleeveless black shirt, the rugged pants, and the warrior boots.
The worst part? Beof was the biggest, most exaggerated lycan, even more massive than the king, which scared the females away.
Instead of wearing something more discreet, he was dressed like that, with arms as thick as tree trunks, covered in black tattoos, and even leather wristbands! Acomplete savage.
You shouldve worn the ceremonial robe.
You're wealthywhy dont you spend more on clothes that are alittle less aggressiv Quinn, just drop it." The icy blue eyes locked onto the lycan before him If I intimidate the females of our race, what do you think the elementals will feel? I heard theyre more delicate and powerless.
Do you really think a fancy suit is going to hide these muscles and my size?" He flexed his arm, where two leather straps barely held, and Quinn thought they might snap under the strain.
Beof was impressivea great warrior, loyal, and despite his massive build, Quinn knew that deep down, his friend had the heart of a softie.
"Well, at least dont scare them away on purpose, Beof.
The Goddess has someone for you.
Dont give up," he said, resigning himself to the matterfor now.
---- Beof watched as the dark mist outside cleared, revealing lush green fields.
He wouldve given anything to be galloping instead of riding like some damsel in a carriage.
The endless protocol suffocated him.
He didn't even know why the king had forced him to come when Quinn was the diplomat.
Or rather, he did know.
Beof ran a hand over his shaved head.
This also gave him a chance to find the woman meant to accompany him in his lonely lifethe one he longed for, the one he had dreamed of endlessly.
And yet...
who would ever want to stay with a beast like him? He closed his striking blue eyes for a moment.
Hed stand guard outside while Quinn handled all the formalities.
He wasnt made for this shit, and all he wanted was to return home.
But the Goddess was capricious, hiding treasures in the most unexpected places.
Lycan Beof was about to find what he had sought for centuries.
Yet, as if it were some cruel joke of fate, once again, he would have to walk away from his happiness.
###Chapter 817
---- 438.
CRIME IN THE GARDEN KATHERINE I looked around the enormous palace, feeling a little tense.
Despite the luxury and the meticulous attention from the maids and footmen, even though I told Elliot I would accompany him, I was afraid.
Because this was the epicenter of hatred toward supernatural beings.
"Your Excellencies, what an honor to meet again," another person approached us in the vast hall, teeming with the elite of this hypocritical society.
Drinking elegantly and murmuring in low voices, we once again began the cycle of flattery, pretending to be courteousor at least Idid.
The truth was, outside the intimacy of our home, Elliot was a dog, off his leash, or rather, a feral wolf.
His responses were so curt that I almost felt sorry for the guests, judging by the looks on their faces.
"War is like thatwhoever gets there first takes it and can be sure its well defended," he replied to the marquis who had the nerve to ask about the newly acquired lands.
"T'll rip the head off anyone who tries to steal from me," he added before taking a sip of his wine.
---- The other man masked his unease with a forced chuckle.
It was obvious that Elliot was warning him about the slice of the pie he had taken from Duke Thesio.
That area was now in turmoil, everyone tearing apart the fertile land that once belonged to Elliots greatest rival.
"Baby, they're about to call the Chamber of Lords.
They dont allow women in, which is why I didnt want to bring you.
You'll be alone for about an hour." Elliot squeezed my hand, his brow furrowed.
"sweetheart, no one's going to eat me here, relax.
I keep pretending and playing the partright now, I'm the most powerful Duchess here.
Who would dare offend me?" I told him with a smile, discreetly kissing his cheek with affection.
His intense blue eyes locked onto mine, a flicker of red glimmering in their depthshis fears and uncertainties were evident.
In the end, he had no choice but to attend the meeting when summoned.
At one point, the grand doors of the hall opened, and down the central aisle walked a striking man with light brown hair and hazel eyes.
He exuded power, much like my mate.
He was possibly another lycan.
He strode forward with confidence and grace, despite the indiscreet stares and hushed whisperssome not so pleasant though I was certain he could hear them.
###Chapter 818
---- It amazed me that beyond this invisible barrier, they were just like usspecial beings living without fear.
Beside him, other members of his realm accompanied him as part of his delegation, but none felt as powerful as he did.
"Dont look at him too much.
Eyes on your male.
I dont want you staring at another lycan." Voraths wolfish voice growled low in my mind.
"Jealous little wolf, you need to try connecting with that man's beast, ask him to help us.
We can offer him gold, I dont know..." "As long as he doesnt ask for my woman, I can pay anything else.
Dont worry, baby, we'll find a way to protect them." I pursed my lips slightly at his response.
The best part was that, for once, he and Elliot actually agreed on something.
This negotiation already felt tedious with so much testosterone involved.
Then, the Regent appeared.
He walked with arrogance, his expression betraying his disgust.
He clearly disapproved of the entire matter.
Instead of standing beside the guest as an equal, he deliberately walked ahead of him.
I glanced briefly at the lycans facehe didnt seem angry, just...
curious.
I hoped there was a real possibility hidden somewhere in this absurdity.
In the end, [had to wait for them to emerge from their closed- door meeting.
Elliot left reluctantly.
---- Iremained in the women's lounge, but between the empty, hypocritical conversations and all the water I drank instead of wine, I eventually had to use the restroom.
Amaid directed me to the way.
Leaving the hall, I walked through carpeted corridors lined with white statues, impressive paintings on the walls, and an obscene display of wealth, until we reached the restroom on that floor.
"My lady, do you require assistance?" a maid beside the entrance of the lavish bathroom asked.
"No, thankyou," I replied, hurrying to my private stall.
Who needs assistance to pee in this place? Apparently, many people, because while I did my business, I overheard one of the most absurd conversations of my life.
Goddess, what do some of these noblewomen have in their heads that they literally need someone to wipe their asses? Washing my hands, my indignation growing over the way the maids were treated, I rushed out.
Some things would never change.
T wandered through the hallways for abit, distancing myself from the oppressive atmosphere.
With His Majesty out of seclusion, even the sun looked brighter in the sky, and those dark clouds had finally cleared.
---- Iwas lost in thought, staring into nothing, when sudden movement caught my attention in the garden area.
From this discreet side of the grand palace, I witnessed a crime scene.
###Chapter 819
---- 439.
ACCUSED KATHERINE That was exactly what it wasan attempted murder.
I spotted a handsome man arguing heatedly with a woman among the tall hedges.
If hadnt been on an upper floor, I never would have noticed them.
She was crying, wiping her face with a handkerchief.
Her simple clothing told me she wasnt one of the wealthy noblewomen at the party.
Suddenly, she clutched her belly and screamed something that utterly terrified him.
They struggled, the girl fighting desperately to get inside the palace.
Ishouldnt have been snooping, but something about the mans aggression told me things wouldnt end welland they didnt.
In the blink of an eye, I saw him reach inside his jacket, grab the woman by the arm, and yank her against his chest, whispering something venomous.
Her expression changed in an instant.
My supernatural hearing caught a muffled, dull sound, even from a distance.
When the man released her, shoving her away, she looked down at her stomach in disbelief, her trembling hands pressing against the spreading red stain on her dress.
Iclamped a hand over my mouth and took a step backhe had shot her at point-blank range! ---- Without mercy, staring at her terrified face, he watched as she collapsed onto the ground, into the bushes beneath the cypress tree.
Then he grabbed her under the arms, dragging her deeper into the foliage, hiding her from any wandering eyes.
I stood frozen, my heart pounding against my chest, my eyes locked on the bushes where a woman was bleeding out, dying.
What kind of son of a bitch does something like this to a girl in broad daylight, in cold blood?! Without thinking of the danger, I grabbed the skirt of my satin dress and ran down the corridors, searching for the stairs to reach that part of the garden.
Icouldnt leave her there, I wouldnt! Images flashed in my mindof that woman, my own ancestor, who had hanged herself.
Poor common girls who believed the bedroom lies of these nobles for love, for ambition, or whatever reasonthey always ended up the same.
Completely dead.
Trying to remain unnoticed while everyone was gathered in the hall, I moved across the grounds.
My magic stirred subtly, sensing danger.
No one was nearby, so I quickly reached the crime scene; the pungent, metallic scent assaulted my nostrils as soon as I stepped into the hedges.
###Chapter 820
---- Pushing aside the tall, manicured grass with my hands, I sawa pair of worn-out boots sticking out.
Crouching down, I finally saw herand horror filled me at the sight of her pale, trembling hands clutching her stomach.
Tlooked up and met a pair of brown eyes, brimming with tears, sobbing in agony, silent pleas drowning in their depths.
She tried to speak but coughed up blood, the crimson liquid dribbling down her chin.
"Easy, easy, dont strain yourself.
I wont hurt you," I soothed her, gently stroking her shoulder.
Her desperate fight for life, her silent scream for help, shattered me She was so youngI saw my own daughter reflected in her.
"Oh, Goddess," I gasped as I examined the wound, carefully moving her hands aside.
Blood gushed out in torrents.
Her body was deathly pale, her temperature plummeting.
She didnt have much time left.
And in such a critical moment, I activated my power.
Without thinking, driven by sheer desperation, I placed my hands over her stomach and whispered the healing incantation in my mind.
It was one of the first things I had studied, in case my family ever needed it.
---- A green, reconstructive glow radiated from my hands.
I watched her expression and sighed in relief when she lost consciousness at least I wouldnt have to worry about her seeing me.
I thought I was safe, I truly didbut I was wrong...
"Who are you, and what are you doing here?!" The roar behind me startled me.
I tried to stop the spell, but it was too late.
Hurried footsteps stopped close to us.
"What did you do to this woman?! YOU'RE ONE OF THOSE SUPERNATURAL ABOMINATIONS!" the voice bellowed, and my eyes locked onto the manthe same one who had just tried to dispose of this girl.
He held a black sack in his handhe had come back to hide the body, yet he was calling me a murderer.
His shouts drew the attention of nearby footmen tending the gardens.
And there I was, kneeling beside an elemental, my dress and hands stained with blood.
The worst part? He saw me using magic.
"SEIZE THIS MURDERESS! I SAW HER USING MAGIC TO KILL THIS GIRL!" he yelled at the footmentwo burly men who immediately closed in on me.
"Don't you dare touch me! I am the Duchess of Everhart! I dont know what you think you saw, but its a liethis girl...!" "I know exactly what I saw! There was light coming from your ---- hands, you were performing witchcraft in the Regents palace!" Liar! You murder!" "SHUT YOUR DAMN MOUTH, BITCH!" He stormed toward me and slapped me hard across the face.
stunned, I staggered back, pressing a hand to my throbbing cheek.
Ihadnt thought hed actually do it, defy Elliot like this...
Unless he believed himself untouchable...
###Chapter 821
---- 440.
DISCOVERED KATHERINE I am the Regent's son, your future ruler, and I will take immediate action against the Duchy of Everhartan investigation begins now!" He looked at me with cynical eyes and a sneer of disdain; he knew exactly what he was doing.
He was going to get rid of the witness.
Catching me in the act had given him the perfect excuse.
"TAKE HER AWAY, WHAT ARE YOU WAITING FOR?!" He roared again, worked up, but I wouldnt let him.
I would fight, even if it meant exposing myself completely I knew all too well what awaited me in the palace dungeons.
Only cruel torture.
This so-called truce didnt matter.
The Regent hated creatures of the night.
My children were in danger! I couldnt imagine how out of control Elliot would be.
Goddess, I had ruined everything...
when we were so close to freedom! When rough hands reached for my arms to drag me away, I decided to resist.
Leven considered killing them and running.
I called out to Elliot desperately in my mind, but whether it was my panic or the distance, he wasnt answering! ---- My hands burned like two furnaces, and the moment the first footman grabbed me, I seized him by the throat with all my strength.
ahhh, it burns, damn it!" he screamed, letting go of me abruptly.
A searing imprint of my hands scorched his neck.
He collapsed onto the ground in agony, the pungent stench of charred flesh thick in the air.
But the other one reacted immediately, lunging onto my back.
His hands clamped down on my wrists with brute force, nearly breaking them.
The pain was unbearableI clenched my teeth, swallowing my cry.
Instead, I thrashed like a madwoman, pushing against him with my body weight, twisting to break free.
Iwas ready to attack another waywhen I heard the click of a gun being cocked.
That murderer was going to shoot me too! Before I could summon the elements, in a single sharp breath, the body behind me jerked violently, releasing methen a gunshot rang out.
A choked scream told me the bullet had found a victimand incredibly, it wasnt me T spun around to see a giant man gripping the footman by the throat as if he were nothing more than a rag doll.
###Chapter 822
---- He used him as a shieldthe nobles shot, meant for me, sank into the footmans chest instead.
With a beastly roar, the towering figureeasily over two meters tallflung the corpse through the air.
It crashed down onto the Regents son, who shrieked as he fell to the ground.
The pistol rolled across the grass.
Thadnt even processed what had happened when a shadow loomed over me.
I looked up, feeling minuscule before the massive warrior who now stood before me.
His icy blue eyesjust as cold as Elliotslocked onto my brown ones.
"Are you alright, sorceress?" His deep voice carried the weight of certainty he knew what I was.
1 opened my mouth but said nothing.
He stepped back slightly, frowning, maybe expecting fear from me It wouldve been logicalhe certainly could intimidate even the bravest of men, but that wasnt the case.
Something inside me stirred violently.
Or rather, inside my belly, like electrified currents sparking along every nerve in my skin.
Yes, I...
I." Ash!" I gasped, doubling over as a sharp pang nearly brought me to my knees.
Acold sweat broke out over me.
What was happening to me? ---- My head spun, my balance wavered, until I was caught by those strong, tattooed arms.
Despite the rock-hard muscles, his hands handled me delicately, and immediately, I felt relief.
Just like thatas if by magic.
Pure magic.
And the worst part? A sudden, overwhelming craving surged through me.
I wanted him to touch my belly.
Iwas losing my mind.
If Elliot and Vorath saw us...! A deafening roar shook the ground beneath us, snapping me out of, my trance.
T think felt more fear then than when they were dragging me to the dungeons.
1 jumped back, pulling away from the giants touch Iwas certain now.
He was a lycan, "VORATH, NO!" I screamed as the blur of dark fur shot past my eyes, launching itself at my savior.
This was a disaster.
And now we were completely exposed.
The brutal clash of titans nearly ripped the cypress tree from its roots, the thick trunk swaying dangerously from the impact of the bald warriors broad back I watched the fight in horror, screaming at Elliot that he had saved me! But rage had blinded him.
My attention snapped back to the wretched bastard who had started all of this.
---- He was sitting on the grass, finally freed from the dead footmans weight, looking seconds away from pissing himself in fear.
His gaze met mine, filled with hatred, and he scrambled to his feet ready to run and expose us.
I couldnt let him go.
There might still be a chance to cover this up.
Iwasa fool.
The moment I stepped forward to stop him, he spotted something behind me that reignited his hope A flash of joy and defiance gleamed in his eyes.
"Father!" he shouted.
I turned stifflyjust in time to see the highest authority in the realm, second only to the King himself, charging toward us with more guards.
My mind raced.
I lunged at Elliot, throwing myself into danger just to force him to stop his absurd fight.
The real enemy was approaching.
We were going to escape this realmno matter what.
Even if we had to carve our way out by force.
There was no other option.
If we wanted to survive...
or we were finished.
VORATH, STOP THIS DAMN THING NOW!"
###Chapter 823
---- 441.
IT'S JUST A BAD REPUTATION BEOF I wandered through the garden, bored, waiting for that shitty meeting to endit wouldnt solve a damn thing.
One look at the disgust on that Regents face was enough to know we werent welcome here.
And the main reason King Aldric had sent me wasnt being fulfilled either.
Women still fled from me like I carried some contagious plague worse here than even among supernatural females.
Tmean, their elemental men looked like dwarves next to me.
Of course they'd run away in fear.
I huffed, annoyed, those absurd feelings of self-pity creeping into my chest.
Like always, I shoved them down without mercy.
So what if I never find my mate? Better that way.
It would be the final blow to my prideto be rejected by my own fated partner.
"Money is the one thing I have too much of," I muttered bitterly.
My wolf, Soul, remained as indifferent as everwe disagreed on too many things.
But I knew there was no other choice.
Id keep paying for sex with she-wolves whenever the need to fuck became unbearable.
---- Itwas more about reputation than anything else.
That I was huge everywhere, including my massive cock? Yeah, it was true.
In fact, I thought it would be an advantage with the females, but apparently, big wasnt the same as too much.
That some of them had left injured, and that I usually needed more than one woman at a time to be satisfiedI couldn't deny that either.
But those rumors that I had killed countless women, left them bled dry in my bed? Complete and utter bullshit.
Iwas about to go find Quinn and ask how things were going, how much longer this mess would take.
Soul was restlesshe wanted me to shift and run free.
I even considered leaving ahead of schedule, but then something stopped me.
My wolf's ears perked up, his nose catching a scent carried by the breeze.
Odd.
Very odd.
We need to check this outits a female.
I dont know why, but something about her...
I like it." Confused, I quickened my pace, heading toward a secluded part of the massive palace garden.
Tarrived just in timeto see her being assaulted by two men while another barked at her like a rabid dog, screaming that she had used magic, that she had murdered someone.
I didnt even think.
---- In less than a second, I burst from the hedges, my leg muscles exploding as I leaped into action, intercepting the bullet before it could reach her.
Soul roared within mewe could not let her die.
He was furious, pushing for the shift, but I held him back.
That bastard elemental...
I didnt need to be a mind reader to know he was lying.
His irrational hatred toward the female was purely because she was a mage.
Thad saved her from danger and cautiously approachedI needed to make sure she was alright.
I didnt want to scare her, but when she lifted her head and looked at me, I saw the shock and discomfort in her expressive eyes.
And then, her scentnow that I was close, I caught something beneath it.
A warninga raw, unmistakable mark left by another lycan male.
This sorceress already belonged to someone else.
And Ilike a fucking idiotfor a fleeting second had thought...
I thought she might be my mate.
The same mate I claimed I didnt want to find, because I knew she would break me.
But it was the worst lie of all.
I ached for my mate.
I craved her with every fiber of my being.
"Lets go, Soul.
I dont know what you sensed, but its obvious she has a mate.
We helped her.
Thats enough.
Lets not get ourselves into trouble in this realm."
###Chapter 824
---- I turned to leave.
"Waitshes fainting!" Soul warned me, and I instinctively reached out, catching her.
She felt cold...
and yet, her skin was so incredibly soft.
And that scent, underneath all those warning markers, it invaded my senses again.
The subtle fragrance of sweet mandarinsand I loved mandarins.
Inearly lowered my head to inhale her scent deeper.
I didnt want to let her go.
I felt strange.
Why was I so drawn to this witch? "Soul, could she be my mate...
but already claimed?" The thought clenched in my chest.
"No...
I dont feel the bond as we should.
Its something else...
could she be related to our mate?" My wolf speculated.
Our entire conversation lasted mere seconds.
Topened my mouth to ask her again if she was alrightbut then, in my peripheral vision, I caught a dark blur racing toward me.
The scent of her male slammed into my nostrils.
And I heard the enraged roar.
Tbarely had time to let her go before I had to defend myself from the attack.
Her lycan was coming straight for my throat, ready to rip me apart for touching his female.
I didnt blame him.
---- But I wasnt about to die here, either.
Roaring in my human form, I met his attack head-on, our arms tangling in a violent collision.
My head smashed against his snout as he lunged to bite my neck.
BAM! My back slammed into a treeit shuddered from the impact.
Shit.
I was going to have to shift.
Thissed in pain as his jaws clamped onto my shoulder, ripping through my flesh.
"Hes not listening, Beof! Hes too furiouslet me out, or hes going to tear you to pieces!" Soul shouted in my mind while I kicked Vorath hard in the ribs, managing to wrench myself free and roll away.
A jealous lycan defending his female was the deadliest thing in the world.
Iwas already bleeding, my body torn from his claws, because I had tried to hold backtried to stay defensive.
No more.
If he wouldnt listen the easy way, hed have to learn the hard way.
I roared, pressing one knee to the grass, my canines elongating, my veins pulsing with power.
White fur began to spread over my back, the seams of my clothes snapping under the rapid expansion of muscle.
And then, I saw his intenthe was going to attack while I was ---- shifting, when I was most vulnerable.
He charged on all fours like a raging beast, dead set on killing me.
Thad to admithe was a damn good warrior.
"ENOUGH, VORATH, STOP!" Before he could strike, a presence threw itself between us.
A small frame, trembling arms outstretched.
Was she protecting me from her mates attack? But I realized immediately it wasnt for my sake.
She was protecting both of them.
More people were coming.
The pompous figures of this realmthe Regent himself.
"Beof! What the hell is happening?!" Quinns worried voice rang through my mindhe was approaching quickly.
"Thave no fucking clueI just defended a sorceress." L answered, pushing myself up, pressing a hand against my bleeding shoulder, barely holding my beast back.
At least I hadnt shifted fully and ended up naked in front of these strangers.
"Maxwell! What happened here?!" The bastard Baltazar picked up his sniveling sonwho looked seconds away from pissing himself.
###Chapter 825
---- 442.
WHO APPOINTED YOU THE ABSOLUTE OWNER? BEOF "gather, I caught the Duchess of Everhart murdering that elemental girl!" he shouted, pointing to the side, at the unconscious woman lying on the grass.
The shocking stain of blood on her clothes, her pale skinit gave the impression of death.
However, I could still hear her breathing.
Weak, but there.
The elemental soldiers were beginning to march in.
I could hear hurried footsteps rushing through the corridors and the garden.
We would be surrounded soon.
A roar powerful enough to make the stones tremble erupted from that so-called Duke of Everhart as some soldiers moved to restrain him under the leaders command.
Chaos.
I stood off to the side, debating whether to keep getting involved or not.
From the shouted argument, I pieced together the truththese two supernatural beings were hiding under the guise of elemental Dukes in this prison of a realm.
"Everyone, calm down.
Lord Regent, its not wise to approach him now.
Hes a lycan protecting his matehell tear apart anyone who steps forward." ---- "Do not tell me what to do in my own Realm!" the Regent snapped at Quinn, who had stepped in to mediate.
The garden was a disaster.
People peeked through the palace windows, filled with shock and the thrill of gossip.
"I know this is your Realm, but they are supernatural beings.
Im sure there is an explanation for these accusations..." "What do you know, abomination?!" the Regents brat spat, though he instantly took a step back when Quinn let out a low growl.
Fucking coward, hiding behind his daddy's ass.
"Do not call me abomination...
neither me nor anyone of my kind." Quinn's voice was cold, his glare toward the Regent turning downright menacing.
His patience was running out, and his stance grew more dangerous.
I stepped closer beside himafter all, I was part of this ridiculous delegation, too.
"Twill not tolerate any more disrespect.
I have been patient since arriving in your lands, but I will not stand by while innocent people are slaughtered simply because they are different from you.
You said it yourself, Ambassador," Baltazar finally spokeat least he had more balls than his son.
"You are not welcome here.
So, leave my palace.
The Everhart Dukes are members of my RealmI will judge them as such.
You have no authority to meddle in Elemental affairs."
###Chapter 826
---- Quinn clenched his fists, his teeth grinding audibly.
I knew him too wellI could already tell what he was considering.
One wrong move, and we'd be back at war between the Realms.
The situation was beyond delicate.
Tlooked toward the pair standing near the cypress tree.
For a brief moment, the red eyes of the lycan met mine He wasnt shifting back into his human form.
He wasnt surrendering.
And I wouldnt either.
Twould fight to the death for my woman.
And judging by his expression, so would he.
We couldnt just leave them to a certain death.
I will not move from here until I speak with the Specter King.
I will not negotiate with intermediaries." Quinn planted himself firmly, and I stood right behind him.
How dare you be so insolent?! GUARDS, SEIZE THE EVERHART DUKES!" Enraged, the Regent made the stupidest decision possible, desperate to prove he was in control here.
Asif the entire scene played in slow motion, I heard the sound of weapons being raised.
The frenzied roar of the lycan echoed as he lunged, tearing into the elemental warriors stupid enough to attack him.
Fucking suicidal idiots, just following orders.
The sorceress was ---- already chanting spells into the air, preparing for battle.
Quinn and 1 locked eyesthere was no choice.
We were fighting.
The battle wolves we had brought were ready to shift, ready to rip these racists apart.
But the elementals had managed to develop some dangerous and lethal weapons.
They fired simultaneously at the Everhart pair.
"No!" I roared, charging toward her.
HerI could not let her die.
And I didnt know why.
And I didnt care.
I just acted.
I wasnt going to make it in time! But then, everything stopped.
The world froze.
A thick mist swallowed our vision, shrouding everything in an eerie darkness.
The bright afternoon turned into night.
The wind howled in powerful gustsbeating, flapping, like the wings of something immense approaching.
When my sight finally cleared and the darkness lifted I saw him.
We all saw him.
The Specter King.
Sigrid was cradled in his arms, massive black wings stretched behind him, still rippling in the air.
The deadly bullets aimed at themsuspended in the air around him.
And behind him, the supernatural couple stood untouched.
From the dense fog that surrounded him, ghastly mouths emerged monstrous specters with jagged, bloodstained teeth.
They grinned with macabre delightthen devoured the bullets, ---- swallowing them whole.
"Who told you this was your palace or your Realm? Who named you the master of the elemental beings?" His piercing gaze locked onto the Regent.
One eye gleamed gold like the sun.
The otherblack as the deepest starless night.
Strange shadows slithered at our feet, moving like black cats clinging to our anklesomens of ruin.
Even I felt a chill crawl up my spine.
IfI didnt see Sigrid stepping down from his arms, standing before him, I might have still considered this man our greatest enemy.
Arivalone that not even the Goddess herself could tame.
He wasnt like lycanshis strength wasnt pure brute force.
It was something worse.
Something more complex.
Something far more dangerous.
We all felt it.
And no one more than the Regent and his sonwho collapsed to their knees instantly, trembling, scrambling to justify their disgusting actions.
And thenthe unconscious woman on the ground, the key witness finally stirred "Baltazar, speak clearly.
Stop babbling nonsense.
And youd better convince me...
or you'll lose your precious position...
along with your head."
###Chapter 827
---- 443.
KEY WITNESS NARRATOR "sir, our family has been protecting the Realm for generations!" Baltazar shouted, overcoming his initial fear and replacing it with genuine outrage.
"My son was only defending a poor elemental girl from this witchs attack!" He pointed at Katherine but took several steps back at the roar of the powerful lycan guarding the woman.
"You see?! They are savages, murderers! Who knows how many elemental lives theyve ended in their duchy? I was deceived! How many elemental men and women have they abused?!" "THAT IS A LIE!" Katherine couldn't endure so much falsehood any longer.
She pleaded with Elliot to change, but Vorath was stubborn.
No one would imprison him while she was in danger.
"Everyone, calm down, please." Suddenly, amidst the chaos, Sigrids soft yet firm voice rang out.
Standing beside Silas as his equal, her aura was equally powerful.
It was hard not to respect her.
"Tell me what happened.
We will hold a trial here and now, and the guilty will be punished..." "But..." "But nothing, Lord Regent of the Elemental Realm!" The Selenia ---- cut him off, her she-wolf fangs in full view.
If he dared to insult her people again, she might just forget about protocol and end him herself.
The murderous aura at her back stirred, the dark mantle surrounding her.
Silas was losing his composure, on the verge of tearing someone apart.
Baltazar wisely swallowed his tongue.
"Then, ladies first.
Tell me, Duchess of Everhart, I wish to hear your version." He turned toward the woman, who managed to step out from behind the fierce lycans back.
Katherine felt a bit nervous facing the powerful Selenia.
She had only heard stories about them, and none were particularly favorable.
However, those gray eyes inspired both confidence and respect.
The dark-haired woman radiated magic full of light.
Katherine began to recount her testimony, everything she saw, and the misunderstandings that followed.
"Its true that we are supernatural beings, but we have never harmed the elementals.
We only try to survive in a society that deeply hates us," she said to Sigrid directly, without blinking.
The towering presence constantly behind her stared at everyone defiantly.
No one would harm his woman.
"Tbelieve you," Sigrid said.
---- This sorceress was telling the truth.
Besides, there was something about her, a sensation too familiar.
"She is a descendant of Drusilla," Silas spoke in her mind, confirming her suspicions Sigrid was momentarily stunned.
What kind of coincidence was this? "Don't believe her, it's a lie! That damn witch...
mmmmnn...!" suddenly, the sharp cry was silenced.
Maxwell felt searing pain as his lips began to sew themselves shutout of nowhere.
He tried to speak, but it was useless.
Panic gripped his soul as he realized black, magical stitches were sealing his mouth.
"Maxwell!" Baltazar rushed to his aid, watching thick drops of blood spill from the wounds in the sensitive flesh.
"Too noisy.
Silas, let's end this matter." Sigrid was done with all these lies.
Besides, it was obvious that with the current Regent, they would never achieve what they desired.
Change was coming, The girl is waking up," Quinn pointed toward the woman, the forgotten source of all this chaos.
###Chapter 828
---- "Twill interrogate her personally," the Regent offered, eager to fix ---- the mess his son had caused.
Despite his resentment, it didnt even cross his mind to complain about Selenia sewing Maxwells mouth shuthe wasnt that foolish.
"No need, stay where you are.
I'll handle it myself," Sigrid didn't give him the chance.
She approached the commoner, who moaned in pain, trying to sit up despite her injuries.
Katherine had barely managed to save her, but her body was still weak.
"Easy, slow down.
Everything is fine," Sigrid knelt down to support her.
Silas followed closely behind, his peripheral vision never leaving Baltazar and his son.
If they so much as glanced at his woman the wrong way, a sewn mouth would be the least of their problems.
"Tha...
thank you for saving...
Oh, you're not her," the girl managed to say, frowning in pain as she clutched her stomach.
The blood-soaked fabric clung to her skin.
She realized this wasnt the noblewoman who had rescued her.
This one had brown hair, and brown eyes...
or was she mistaken? She was about to open her mouth again as Sigrid examined her, but when her erratic eyes drifted past the Regents back, to the red ---- eyes, the pitiful face, and the mouth...
the mouth sewn shut like a dolls!...
she let out a piercing scream of terror.
A terrified scream tore through her throat.
"Don't let the guards take me! Hes going to kill me like he did our child...! Aahhh, our child, my child!" she shrieked hysterically, realizing something crucial.
Her desperate hands clawed at the fabric covering her stomach, ripping it in a frantic attempt to reach her belly.
Between gasping sobs, she confessedshe was the Regents sons lover.
He had promised her so many things, and like a fool, she believed him.
She had come to tell him she was pregnant.
The man panicked and shot her in cold blood.
"Dont lie! Dont be afraid of their powers, tell the truth! My son saved you from that witchs attack!" Baltazar stepped forward, trying to coerce her, bribe her with his words.
"As Regent, I will grant you every benefit if you expose a violent supernatural! His Majesty will not allow..." His words and accusations froze in his chest, unable to rise past his throat.
A thin red line started forming on his neck, expanding more and more.
"Enough." Silass cold voice rang out, quiet yet deadly, in the ---- garden clearing.
He barely moved his fingers, didnt even raise his hand much, despite being several meters away from the elemental.
Now, Baltazar tried to speak between strangled gasps.
Blood cascaded down from his severed throat.
###Chapter 829
---- 444.
ONLY MY FAMILY IS WORTHY, NARRATOR "Mmmnn!" Maxwell screamed as he watched his fathers head roll across the ground.
It happened so fast, so mercilessly.
Blood still pumped from the severed arteries, painting the grotesque scene red over the grass.
Acollective gasp of shock filled the air.
The elemental girl fainted again from the sheer horror.
"Silas, I told you to control yourself, love," Sigrid huffed internally.
"You promised we'd get back to the cabin quickly.
Your father is busy with your mother.
This was taking too long." She didnt know whether to laugh or cry at her mates madness.
"The entire Regents family is now imprisoned and exiled from the palace.
They will no longer hold any authority," Silas added, his gaze locked on Maxwell, who was kneeling, choking on his sobs over his fathers lifeless body.
Sigrid lifted the restriction on his mouth, but she instantly regretted it.
"We are descendants of your family! How could you do this to the man who always idolized you?!" Maxwell forgot his fear, consumed by grief.
"You are nothing to me.
You've lived a lie for millennia.
Your blood doesnt run in my veins, and you only used my name to climb to ---- the top." Silas shattered the myth of the so-called royal family.
The first leader of the elemental people, now trapped within the barrier and lost on what to do next, had been Silass uncle He and his wife had spread tales of the incredible elemental who saved them, wielding power that defied the heavens and the Goddess herself.
They proclaimed themselves rulers, and because they were related to Silas, they were accepted.
That was how the so-called royal family came to be.
The first official Regent of the Realm had been none other than Drusillas son.
The very same one Sigrid had saved.
The one Silas had healed from his infected magic, granting him the chance to live.
"The first Regent was the son of a De La Croix witch and an elemental.
My uncles never told the full truth.
They adopted him." The soldiers exchanged stunned glances.
The nearest guests who overheard immediately began whispering, spreading the revelation.
"No, this cant be! You cant deny us as your family!" Maxwells every word sent a fresh wave of agony through his torn lips.
His chest felt even worse, tight with anguish.
His mother was dead.
His father was gone.
And worst of all, he had no pedigree.
after seeing what a miserable murderer you are, if anyone has the right to claim the Regents position right now, its that woman standing right there," Sigrid said, pointing at Katherine.
###Chapter 830
---- Katherine stared at her as if she had grown another head.
Was she ---- hallucinating again? "You are also a descendant of Drusilla De La Croix, the mother of the first Elemental Regent.
It seems her bloodline branched into another family that inherited the remnants of her magic," Sigrid explained.
By now, it was clear that Silas hadnt erased all the power flowing through that babys cells A fraction of that energy had passed down through a family of witches.
Katherine suddenly remembered the commoner who had come to the palace, the one who had nearly died, the one who had taken her own life after giving birth, the one who had loved that mysterious man That man was supposed to be the next Regent.
A descendant of witches, hidden among elementals.
The greatest irony of this Realm, built on hatred, was that both its cherished King and its honorable Regent carried supernatural power in their veins "T won't let abominations take over the Realm! I will defend my familys ideals!" A furious scream cut through the confusion.
Somehow, Maxwell had managed to get his hands on the weapon he had used to silence his lover.
Consumed by boundless hatred, he aimed at Katherine and fired without hesitation.
---- If she was dead, they would have no choice but to choose him.
It didnt matter what the King said.
Only his family was worthy.
BAM! The gunshot echoed.
The bullet tore through the air.
A lycans roar rang out as he shielded his mate with his body.
But Voraths actions were unnecessary.
The bullet stopped midair, floating in a swirl of dark mist, as if held by an invisible hand.
Maxwells wide, horrified eyes watched as the bullet spun, changing direction, searching for a new target.
"Nooo!" He tried to run, but with a sharp whistle, his own attack struck him square in the forehead, piercing through his skull.
A gaping hole revealed the bloodied mass of his brain His resentful eyes locked onto Silas one last time before his lifeless body collapsed to the ground.
Everything went still.
Just like that, the reign of the royal family had come to an end.
"Well, he brought it on himself, didnt he? I was just protecting the defenseless Duchess.
I didnt act rashly at all," Silas murmured, leaning in close to whisper into Sigrids ear.
###Chapter 831
---- 445.
VISION OF THE FUTURE NARRATOR And just like that, a casual conversation about why he got rid of his two fanatics.
"Do you want me to give you a medal for your good deed?" Sigrid didnt feel the slightest bit of sympathy for their deaths I want that reward, and you know it very well." "silas, control yourself and talk to the Dukes," the Selenia shot back, rolling her eyes.
He needed to leave her ass alone.
She stepped away for a moment to have the bodies removed and to check on the unconscious commoner.
"I...
1 dont know what to say." Katherine was speechless, just like everyone else What the hell had just happened? The way everything had taken such a drastic turn was unbelievable.
"First of all, Duke of Everhart, I know very well that you havent harmed anyone in this Realm." Silas locked eyes with the beast.
Elliot listened from within his lycan form, feeling a strange mix of emotions.
From the moment he had watched his greatest captors head roll so effortlessly, something inside him shifted.
The man who had tormented him for so long, wielding power over the Realm and keeping the fear of exposure constantly hanging over his head, was ---- gone.
If he had ever doubted the lethal nature of the Phantom King, now he was absolutely convinced.
Silas was walking danger.
Vorath, we need to change back.
We have to handle this differently." "wait." Silass cold voice stopped him immediately.
"Shift somewhere hidden.
If you show yourself naked in front of my mate, P'll cut your..." "ahem." Sigrid cleared her throat, stepping back into the conversation just in time.
She really couldnt leave her man alone for even a second.
Subtlety just oozed out of him...
except he didnt have a single damn pore.
"The girl is being taken care of.
Some soldiers took her away, and theyll make sure the onlookers clear out," she whispered to her mate, who immediately grabbed her hand and laced their fingers together.
Vorath, after a lot of persuasion from Katherine and Elliot, finally relented.
He let out a heavy sigh and, after throwing a sharp warning at Silas, slipped behind some bushes to shift.
"T'll get him some clothes." Quinn removed his cloak.
"Beof, take this to him." The bulky guardian wanted to ask why the hell me, but he held his tongue, grabbed the garment, and disappeared into the trees.
Before leaving, his gaze flickered toward Katherine one last time.
---- It was better to stay away from that woman.
She was nothing but trouble.
Katherine also watched him pass, feeling that strange sensation again, but she let him go without digging deeper.
"Thank you very much, Your Majesties.
Honestly, I had no idea about my lineage.
This is a surprise." The Duchess of Everhart admitted the truth.
If her father, who had always been obsessed with power, had known the golden prize that had fallen into his hands, he would have never gotten rid of her mother.
Katherine was barely processing all this new information, but her newfound pedigree didnt go to her head.
They had a mission to accomplish today.
"T wanted to ask for your generosity once more and make a request.
" She bowed respectfully.
It was now or never.
"You want to leave this Realm, dont you?" Sigrid guessed right away.
Katherine nodded as hurried footsteps rustled the leaves on the grass.
###Chapter 832
---- Katherine nodded as hurried footsteps rustled the leaves on the grass.
Elliot appeared, looking somewhat decent.
Beof was gone.
He had left on his own, returning to his homeland.
There was nothing left for him here.
"My mate is pregnant.
We dont harm anyone, but the hatred in this Realm is too much.
We wont survive here," Elliot said without ---- hesitation.
"'Thats exactly why we need you," Sigrid decided on the spot.
Inher mind, she asked Silas for permission.
After all, he was technically the King.
"T never wanted to be anyones King.
They put me on that damn pedestal.
I just want to go home, Sigrid.
Tell them whatever you want, but lets go already.
You havent rested." That was his answer, simple as that, tossing all responsibility aside like it meant nothing.
"We dont understand...
need us for what?" Katherine clutched Elliots arm, feeling cold and nervous.
Something wasnt right.
The Duke tightened his hold on her waist.
"This Realm is now without leadership.
To be honest, your King has no interest in ruling anything." They all turned to Silas.
He simply nodded, confirming Sigrids words.
"Dukes of Everhart, as the rightful descendants, you will take charge of the Elemental Realm and oversee the dealings between species." Silas made the decree, handing off responsibilities he had no intention of keeping.
And what if we refuse? What if the Realm doesnt want us?" Elliot wasnt convinced.
How would the elementals accept a lycan and a witch as their rulers? They will because I said so, and you" ---- Silas," Sigrid cut him off.
Goddess, he had less tact than Uncle Zareks undead soldiers.
Duchess of Everhart, in the lands of the Nocturne Realm, the ruins of the De La Croix fief still stand.
Your family of witches did not survive, and the land has remained uninhabited.
You are the rightful heir.
You can reclaim it and live in our Realm.
You are welcome there."" Sigrid met the womans conflicted gaze.
Katherines eyes drifted to Elliots.
What were they supposed to do? They could seize power over this Realm or become just another pair of supernatural beings in an unfamiliar and complicated territory.
"You will never be alone.
You will always have us and the guardians.
The Kings of Nocturne want cooperation.
We will protect the elementals, things will work out, but we need trustworthy people on this side." With those words, Sigrid sealed the fate of the Dukes of Everhart.
They were now the new Regents.
"Thank you, truly, for believing in my innoce...nce." Katherine had taken Sigrids hands in gratitude, but her words began to fade.
suddenly, it wasnt the Selenias smiling face she saw.
She saw her writhing in pain, panting and screaming on a bed, legs spread wide.
Blood covered the sheets.
Innocent cries echoed in the air.
---- she was giving birth.
Sigrid was giving birth to extraordinary creatures.
"Katherine!" Elliots voice rang in her ears.
He was right next to her, calling her name, worried as he watched her drift into a trance.
But Katherine clung to Sigrids hands as her clairvoyant magic forced her to witness an incredible vision of the future.
###Chapter 833
---- 446.
THE MOST BEAUTIFUL SOUND SIGRID The magic of that sorceress intertwined with my own.
I watched as her eyes turned completely white.
She was in a trance, trembling, mumbling incoherent spells.
I wasnt scared.
If anything, I was curious.
She was prophesizing, something.
I could feel it.
What was it? Was it about me, about us? Our hands tightened around each other, and I closed my eyes, drawing her vision into my mind.
I could feel the hum of our combined powers.
Then, I saw it.
The place was seared into my memory, a location that held intense emotions for me.
A cave.
I knew this cave.
It was special, sacred almost.
It was where I had made love to Silas for the first time, in Electras body.
Were those caverns still standing? Seeing myself lying on a rustic, makeshift bed on the ground inside that natural shelter, I realized we would return to that hidden place somewhere in this Realm.
Everything she saw, I saw too.
? "Sigrid, drink my blood!" Silas loomed over me, his body nestled between my open legs, slicing his wrist and letting crimson drops ---- fall into my open mouth.
Twas already overflowing with energy, so much that I thought I would explode in the next second.
Still, the pain tore through my insides.
It felt so vivid.
Reality and prophecy blurred together.
Iwas inside my own body, experiencing the moment firsthand.
"Damn it, you're bleeding too much! No, no, this can't be happening.
Why did they come early? Why?!" His roar was filled with rage and helplessness.
He looked down between my legs with pure panic.
It was just the two of us.
Thick dark mist filled the cave.
Silas was losing control, drowning in his fear of losing me.
"Love, cal...
calm down, Silas, please...
ahh!" I screamed, squeezing my eyes shut, drenched in sweat, propped up on my elbows as my cervix dilated even more.
Something was pushing its way out.
My hip bones cracked under the strain, my massive belly shifting violently.
"T can't lose you, I can't lose you..." He repeated over and over, trapped in an endless loop of frantic thoughts.
His gaze locked onto my stomach, his mind teetering on madness.
I knew what he would do.
If forced to choose, he would choose me.
###Chapter 834
---- Our little ones had come early.
I never should have convinced him to take this trip so far from my parents.
Thad put us in danger.
"Give me your hand, Silas...
Silas, look at me!" My trembling fingers reached for him.
I was nearly sitting up, holding on as best I could, panting, gritting my teeth.
His eyes, completely black, flickered toward me.
Maniacal laughter echoed from the cave walls.
The specters were waiting, eager to pull him into their madness If he lost me, his mind would shatter completely.
The demons would be unleashed.
"I need you, love, I ne...ed you now.
Don't slip away, Silas.
We have to save our pups." Tears streamed down my face.
Desperate sobs choked in my throat, though I tried to hold them back.
Iwas terrified, more than ever before.
The pain kept growing, my head spun, and my children fought their way into the world.
"Help me bring them into this world.
We cant lose them, love.
I wouldnt survive it, do you understand? You have to do this...
mmmunnn..."" "Sigrid..." "You have to help me, love.
I'll push.
Help me, we can do this together." I begged, grounding him, refusing to let him spiral ---- For amoment, exhaustion overtook me.
My eyelids drooped.
I needed him to be strong, not to fall apart.
Suddenly, a kiss landed on my sweat-drenched forehead.
My black hair clung to my skin like a second layer, damp with effort.
His cold lips pressed against me, yet they carried all the warmth in the world.
"Dm sorry, Im so sorry, baby.
I'll save them, all of them.
Ihave to save them..." His voice was a whisper, hoarse and trembling as he wiped my tears away.
His hand pressed over my belly, moving in slow circles.
I felt his dark energy settle, no longer frantic.
It seeped into me, merging with my own magic, calming the pups.
They were strong.
Too strong.
Even for me, a powerful Selenia, bringing them into the world was going to be a battle.
Ahh, Silas, another contraction!" The scream tore from my throat.
I had to pull from the deepest part of my soul, wrapping myself in my magic, the strength of my bloodline.
I spread my legs wider as he moved between them.
My loose dress was bunched up around my waist, stained deep red like everything beneath me.
I felt drenched, uncomfortable, overwhelmed.
My head tipped back as I roared at the ceiling, my canines ---- extending in response to the raw agony.
Dark, shadowy handsintangible, spectralemerged from nowhere, surrounding me, caressing my body, feeding me energy, keeping me stable.
To others, it might have looked terrifying.
To me, anything that came from my beloved mate was nothing short of incredible.
"silas, I can feel it, theyre coming!" I screamed, my voice raw from the force of my pushing.
My stormy gray eyes met his, swirling with gold and darkness.
His grip tightened around my thighs, holding them apart as wide as possible.
"Come on, baby, I can see something, Just a little more, Sigrid, push alittle more, love!" His voice was urgent, thick with emotion.
I bore down with everything I had left.
The pain was unbearable.
1 swore my pelvis was about to shatter into a thousand pieces.
Something struggled to emerge from my body.
Then, I felt it.
A slight tug.
When the shoulders cleared the passage, the rest of my first baby slipped out right after.
collapsed back, panting, struggling to see them.
Panic shot through me when I heard nothing.
Then, the most beautiful sound in the universe filled the ancient cave.?
###Chapter 835
---- 447.
SOMETHING IS WRONG SIGRID The cry of my daughter, my firstborn.
Silas," I gasped, my voice shaky, sinking into the soft fur blanket beneath me.
I could feel more fluids flowing between my legs, the pain barely subsiding.
The air inside the cave was thick with intense scents.
A tiny bundle was gently placed on my chest.
T opened my eyes and saw her, a wrinkled little thing with platinum -white hair like Silas.
She was so small, her skin still red from birth, her tiny mouth trembling in a pout as if she wanted to cry again.
Her little nose twitched, recognizing my scent, and that alone seemed to soothe her.
"Its our little wolf, Sigrid.
Shes so tiny...
Is she...
is she okay?" Silas looked down at her, his expression filled with concern.
Our pups had arrived earlier than expected, which was the only reason I had dared to leave home in the first place.
Twatched her too, feeling the same worry as a fresh wave of pain crashed through me.
Love, I dont know...
I feel like my breasts are full.
Should I try to feed her?" I clenched my teeth, barely holding back a scream.
My other babies wouldnt last much longer.
---- I needed to push again.
Over and over.
Sigrid..." Silas cupped my face and wiped the sweat from my forehead with the cloth beside him.
"Id give anything to take this pain for you." "IT know, I know...
but dont worry.
I can do this.
I will do this." I wasnt just saying it for him.
I needed to hear it too.
Our attention shifted back to our daughter, who had started crying again.
We were first-time parents, caught in the middle of a delicate situation.
I watched as Silas extended his index finger, slicing it open before bringing it to her tiny, rosy lips Treached out to stop him.
His blood was powerful.
I wasnt sure if it was safe for our newborn pup, but incredibly, she stopped whimpering the moment she caught its scent.
Her little mouth latched onto his finger, instinctively feeding from the vital essence.
Twas stunned when I saw tiny, retractable milk canines emerge from her gums.
How was that even possible? She had just been born: "silas, she looks better." I smiled at my mate, who had a dumbfounded look on his face.
At least he didnt seem as grim anymore.
###Chapter 836
---- Pd give her all my blood if I had to.
Just promise me you'll never make Mama suffer like this again.
Deal?" His voice was softer than Thad ever heard before.
I stared at him, completely and utterly in love.
Despite everything, he had wanted this so badly.
He had wanted to bea father.
Even in his moment of weakness, when he thought he was losing me, he would have never abandoned our pups.
I was sure of it.
He would love them more than anything.
"What should we call her?" I asked.
"Lyra.
She will be Lyra, a strong and brave woman, my little wolf." Her father gave her the name, and as if she understood, Lyra opened her eyes and stared at him.
Her irises were the same silver- gray as mine.
The combination of white hair and silver eyes made her look otherworldly, unique, breathtaking.
suddenly, a sharp pain shot through my stomach.
My body lurched forward as I held onto my daughter.
A violent tremor ran down my spine in protest.
"Another one, Silas.
Another one is coming..." He quickly placed Lyra on the small blanket we had set aside for the pups.
---- My mate moved between my legs again, whispering words of encouragement as I pushed.
Our second little one came easier.
She was a Selenia.
Another incredible child, born with dark hair and the same blue eyes as my mother and grandmother.
The moment she entered the world, the cave transformed.
Ferns and fragrant flowers bloomed all around us.
Soft grass sprouted from the cracks, and white daisies peeked through the stone.
Red roses twisted from the corners, covering the gray walls with a vibrant, living garden.
Avision, an illusion brought forth by the birth of another daughter blessed by the Goddess.
Outside, the sky was most likely shifting, reflecting something extraordinary.
"Nyx.
You will be called Nyx, sorceress of the night and heir to the Selenia throne," Silas declared, his voice filled with warmth as he kissed the tiny fingers wrapped around his.
She gazed up at him, utterly entranced.
We didnt even know if they could see our faces yet, but from the way she looked at him, it certainly seemed like she could.
Thad carried them for months, enduring a pain I wouldnt wish on anyone, and yet it was already obviousour daughters were their ---- fathers biggest admirers.
After being fed once more by my mate, I finally brought the last pup into the world.
This one was the hardest.
Even harder than Lyra.
Inearly wept tears of blood delivering this baby.
"Get out already and stop tormenting your mother!" Silas roared, trying to connect with him.
He had known from the start.
This one was a boy We had suspected the girls' bloodlines, but with him, we knew nothing.
Not my grandmother, not my mother, not even the white sorceress had been able to identify him.
Now he was here.
I felt him leaving my body, finally freeing me from the torment.
The girls started crying again.
They seemed anxious, as if, something had frightened them.
I forced my eyes open, utterly exhausted, trying to push myself up on my elbows.
Whats wrong? Silas...
calm down, love...
is something wrong with the pup? Talk to me!" Panic clawed its way up my chest as I realized what was happening around us.
###Chapter 837
---- 448.
1AM NOTHING WITHOUT YOU.
SIGRID ?Spectral portals were opening along the walls, just like when Silas, summoned them from the place he had created for them.
Massive hands emerged, whispering excitedly, laughter echoing in frenzied tones.
A shiver ran down my spine as I felt the intense surge of dark energy, so overwhelming that even Nyxs flowers withered under its presence.
"Silas, stop it!" My voice came out strained as I looked at him again, leaning toward the babies beside me.
"Its not me." His head was lowered, eyes locked on the infant in his hands, holding him up to his chest with both arms.
"The baby...
hes the one summoning my specters.
I cant...
[cant control them.
They refuse to return.
They've been called by anew master." Even he sounded lost.
I clutched my daughters against my chest, holding them close as I tried to move toward him.
Asingle moment of distraction, and the entire cave trembled.
The ground shook violently, as if the earth itself was splitting apart.
"silas!"" I screamed, expanding my magic to protect us, terrified the ceiling might collapse.
But as soon as my energy flared, it crashed against an invisible barrier, crackling like sparks in the air.
---- Stunned, I turned toward the baby.
His black hair floated, shifting as if moved by an unseen force, dark mist curling around him.
T couldnt see his face.
Silas was still holding him close.
He was the only one who had inherited my hair.
"Dont be afraid, baby.
Everything will be fine.
He needs it.
He needs the dark energy.
Some of the specters will become part of him." "What?!" I didnt understand at first.
My body fought to move forward, pressing my daughters closer to my weakened frame.
Then the elements themselves answered the call.
Powerful gusts of wind swirled through the small space, tearing through the cave.
Squinting, I watched as hundreds of shadows crawled out of the cracks in the walls.
Bubbling black tar oozed from the openings and surged toward my pup, merging with him.
How was he absorbing so much raw, vengeful energy? So dark and violent? But Silas held him firmly, his own eyes completely black now, his aura weaving itself around the child.
A cyclone of spectral magic erupted, spiraling around us like a raging storm.
###Chapter 838
---- Thunder rumbled.
Lightning streaked across the cave, flashing wildly in the chaos.
We were caught in the center, trapped in the eye of the storm, until the energy closed in and swallowed us whole.
I screamed Silass name into the abyss as I felt the spell reach its peak.
The wind turned unbearable.
Then, suddenly, everything went silent.
The sound of massive wings filled the air, a gentle rustling, the warmth of feathers surrounding us like an unbreakable shield.
Topened my eyes and found myself tucked beneath my mates wings, a barrier of absolute safety.
Silas knelt before me, holding our baby.
Awave of dizziness hit me, making my body sway, but his strong arm caught me immediately.
He pulled me into his chest, his embrace shielding all three of our children.
Outside, there was nothing.
The specters were gone.
Or rather, they had been devoured.
Those wretched beings had been absorbed into our son.
Lowering my gaze, I finally looked at him, and my heart nearly stopped.
His eyes were as dark as a moonless night.
Not the eyes of a newborn.
They held something ancient, something unfathomable.
But the oppressive sensation lasted only for a second ---- A moment later, my babys eyes shifted.
The deep black faded, replaced by a brilliant golden glow, as radiant as the sun.
Just like Silass when he was at peace.
His tiny mouth stretched in a soft yawn before his eyelids drooped, and he drifted into sleep, safe in his fathers arms.
Laziel.
That is his name." Silass voice was low, almost reverent, as he spread his wings and helped me settle the pups onto the fur- lined blanket.
Miraculously, the girls had fallen asleep too.
I collapsed onto the stained pelts, remnants of the birth scattered beside me, my body finally giving in to exhaustion.
Silas had severed the cords with his claws.
Everything had been so raw, so primal.
We had survived because we were strong.
Because Silass power had fueled mine and kept me standing.
Warm hands wrapped around me, gentle, careful.
He lay beside me, pressing soft kisses all over my sweat-dampened face.
"I don't...
[dont even know how to thank you for this moment, Sigrid." His voice wavered slightly as he buried his face in the curve of my neck.
"It feels like Ive gone back in time, back when I didnt know how to tell you what I felt," he murmured, and my hand instinctively rose to stroke his hair.
Tears of pure emotion spilled down my cheeks, tracing along his sharp jawline.
---- But back then, I was confused.
I didnt recognize what you meant to this broken, withered heart.
Now, I know without a doubt..." Silas lifted his head, his gaze locking onto mine, intense and raw.
So happy.
So beautifully tormented.
My complicated, relentless man, the one who would kill and die for me, and now for our children.
T knew it.
He showed me every second of my existence.
"Tlove you.
I love you so much I cant conceive a world without you.
If you're not by my side, I am nothing but hatred and pain." His lips met mine, and for once, we didnt need words.
Our souls spoke for us.?
###Chapter 839
---- 449.
MIRACULOUS FUTURE SIGRID ?""But now you have our pups, Silas.
I created a family for you, love.
You will never be alone again." My fingers traced along his sharp cheekbone.
His gaze devoured me, half-lidded like a beast resting in the depths.
Our guardian beast.
"Thave them, and I will protect them so that no one ever harms them, so you never have to suffer because of them," he said, and there was something deeper hidden in his words.
"Why would you say that? Who would want to harm our babies? Silas...
tell me whatever it is you need to say." I tried to sit up, but he stopped me.
He gently pushed me back down, reaching for the water we had collected from the underground stream.
Dipping a cloth into it, he began cleaning me.
"Laziel is special, you saw it," he murmured, focused on his task.
He looked calm, but my heart was pounding against my ribs, ready to burst.
"He is neither a wolf, nor a vampire, nor a sorcerer.
And since hes male, he shouldnt be a Selenia either." His gaze flicked to mine for abrief second, waiting for me to catch on.
"T dont know what he is, but he can summon the specters.
The moment he was born, he didnt ask for blood or his mothers milk.
---- The only thing he craved was dark energy.
That sinister, ruthless force." "T saw it, but...
still, why would anyone want to hurt him?" igrid, people fear what is different.
They fear what is special.
Laziel will be incredibly powerful.
And the worst part is...
lets not fool ourselves.
I am not a good man." "silas, dont say that.
Circumstances" My past, the abuse, everything that happened...
it turned me into something dark.
A creature filled with cruelty, indifference, hatred.
Thats why I was able to tame the specters.
Their rotting energy matches my own." I wasnt sure where this was going, but it wasnt anywhere good.
"Sigrid, if you hadnt come into my lifewhether by the Goddesss will or pure chancethis future wouldnt exist.
Do you understand? I was going to destroy everything.
Everyone.
Without mercy." Achill ran down my spine at the thought.
Men, women, children, the elderly...
none of it would have mattered to me." "stop being so hard on yourself, Silas.
You saved the elementals!" "Without you, without my light, I would have been only Umbros.
There would be no Silas.
No elementals.
No hope for redemption.
Sigrid, do you understand what Im saying?" I did.
I understood perfectly.
###Chapter 840
---- Ilooked down at my pup, sleeping between his sisters.
He looked so small, so innocent.
He would never hurt anyone.
We would love him, guide him, raise him to be good.
"The scales will always be shifting inside Laziel.
That power he consumes and needs...
its a double-edged sword.
The specters are not good creatures.
Every second, I fight them for control." Silas was worrying me more and more.
His hands moved over my stomach again, cleaning away the dried blood.
He seemed composed, but I knew him too well.
He was deeply troubled.
The day he cant control his demons, another Umbros will be born into this world.
I just hope he finds his Sigrid...
the way I found mine.? With my mates warning, the vision shattered.
The surge of energy drained me completely, and the sorceress collapsed in the Dukes arms while I fell against Silass chest.
"sigrid! What happened? I couldnt get to you!" His frantic growl rumbled against me, his embrace locking me in place, his heart racing like thunder.
The other man was just as panicked, clutching his mate.
"shes fine.
She just needs rest and nourishment." He cut me off before I could speak, rushing out with her in his arms.
---- I didnt blame him.
He seemed like a good male.
"sigrid, tell me what happened.
You went into a trance too.
You were crying, calling my name.
Dont ever do that again!" His grip tightened around me.
"I thought they were hurting you.
I was about to rip them apart." "L'm glad you didnt, or I would have missed the most incredible vision of my life." I smiled a little, despite the bitter weight of his final warning.
My fingers traced along his jawline.
I didnt know how to tell him.
I didnt even know when it had happened.
Was it because we were together? Because our souls and magic had merged? I didnt have the answers, but I knew one thing for certain.
The miracle was real.
"Love, we're going to be parents.
Silas, you're going to be the father of three beautiful pups that I will bring into this world for you." His stunned expression was priceless.
Then, his brow furrowed.
His body tensed, muscles locking up as.
old insecurities clawed at him.
"Babe...
it could be a mistake.
I dont want you to get your hopes up.
Sigrid, Ive tried everything, I...
Icant" ---- I pressed a finger to his lips.
My heart ached at the pain etched into his face.
He didnt fully believe me.
"We just have to wait and see.
Believe it when it happens.
And maybe take a little trip to some miraculous caves," I teased, winking at him before kissing him with all the love I had for this man.
He still looked doubtful, still afraid to believe.
But a year later, he would be holding our pups against his chest.
It didnt matter what mysterious, powerful creature the Goddess would shape from my Laziel.
I would protect him from the darkness.
Even the one that would live inside of him.
###Chapter 841
---- 450.
WILD BIRTH NARRATOR A FEW MONTHS LATER...
Things seemed to be falling into place.
The Dukes of Everhart took the place of the Regents.
Despite some discontent, when the Specter King made his first and only appearance before the court of nobles and declared that, by " his balls," the Dukes would now be in charge, everyone had to swallow itwithout even a sip of water.
It happened just like that, with the least bit of subtlety, despite having practiced with Sigrid on how to be more sociable and polite in front of his people.
It didnt work.
Katherines lineage was also announced, and she took the opportunity to say she had changed her namebecause eccentric millionaires and their whims.
Noblewomen did far worse things, so a sudden name change didnt seem all that crazy.
Things started to stabilize.
A section of the barrier was lifted, now called The Border.
Not even Aldric fully trusted the goodwill of supernatural beings; he had to ensure the safety of the elementals as well.
---- So, only authorized envoys were allowed to pass.
Some of the more curious, reckless elementals even left their realm to visit Nocturne.
Everything was going smoothly.
However, from the group of pregnant females, it was now the Queens turn.
The entire Nocturne Realm was buzzing with anticipation to meet their new little princes.
Ina well-equipped underground chamber of the castle, a den had been recreated to simulate a lycan birth.
A massive wolf, white with reddish streaks in his fur, powerful and magnificent, lay on the plush cushions of the gigantic bed, gently licking a smaller black she-wolf Her enormous belly barely let her breathe, contractions had her sweating and gritting her teeth.
"Come on, baby, you can do this.
Do you want me to feed youa little more?" No, no, mmmnnn, I think the first one is already coming out, aaahhh!" The little she-wolfs body trembled.
Blood-tinged fluids stained the covers beneath her hind legs.
Azarot shifted to check where the pups would emerge, following his primal instincts to help his mate through labor.
"Baby, I can see the little furry head!" he spoke into Valerias ---- mind, nervously licking her fur, just as anxious as Aldric.
Due to the lycans' special nature, they had decided the Queen would give birth like this, mimicking an animals den and their beastly forms.
Pained whimpers escaped the small she-wolfs throat, her entire body convulsing.
Valeria could feel the tiny lump slipping out of her.
The whole experience was strange, especially since she didnt have an inner wolf.
But to bring her pups into the world safely, she would do whatever was necessary.
Letting out a mental roar as she pushed with all her strength, the first male lycan left her birth canal, landing on the soft fur beneath her.
Azarot was in full wild-wolf mode.
His sharp teeth immediately tore away the membrane covering the pup, licking him clean.
"Love..." Valerias exhausted voice asked about their childs safety.
"He's fine, Vale! Our little pup is fine, sweetheart," Aldric said, overjoyed The male wolf pressed his nose against the tiny black pup, who sniffed him in return, recognizing his father.
"Baby, Im going to cut the cord.
Hold on just a little longer, youre doing amazing, my love.
Youre incredible," the massive Alpha rumbled.
###Chapter 842
---- Azarot bit through the umbilical cord with his sharp teeth, removing the placenta.
Wild animals ate all the afterbirth to protect their young from predators, eliminating any traces of blood.
However, he simply set it aside, gently nudging the trembling little ball of fur.
He placed him between Valerias front legs so she could keep him warm.
He's beautiful, my little wolf is beautiful," Valeria wept, nuzzling the soft black fur, just like Aldrics lycan form.
"He is," they both said at the same time.
Their hearts swelled with love for their mate, who had brought several pups into the world for them.
Soon, it was time for the last little prince.
With the birth canal already stretched, it only took a few pushes.
Azarot ran his tongue over his mates intimate area, helping with lubrication.
When the tiny pup landed on the blanket, he did the same as before He cleaned him up, removing all traces of blood, then placed both pups so they could nurse from Valerias animal form.
With the utmost care, the enormous bicolor wolf curled up, enclosing them in the warmth of both parents, nuzzling his mates ---- drooping head.
The damp tip of his nose sniffed her neck, his tongue licking her muzzle.
The dark room was filled with the sound of their calm breathing and the whimpers of the hungry pups.
"Goddess, this is the craziest thing Ive ever done...
and I have a whole list of weird experiences." Valeria smiled internally, lifting her head, lying on her side, gazing with infinite love at the two tiny beings, greedily competing for their meal.
"You are the most wonderful being in existence.
If you're weird, then Im addicted to your weirdness.
We can do all the strange, crazy things you want," Aldrics voice vibrated in her mind, filled with emotion.
The two wolves, entwined with their offspring nestled between them, nuzzled each other, pouring their souls into the moment.
"Mama, Papa! Are the pups here?!" their eldest daughters energetic voice snapped them out of their calm.
Valeria smiled warmly, while Aldric let out a sigh.
He was beyond happy that his daughter had finally conceived.
Somehow, a miracle had happened.
Valeria said it was a gift from the Goddess.
However, the prophecy that he would be a father and a grandfather almost at the same time...
had nearly come true! ---- That damn white-haired pervert couldnt even hold back before knocking up his little girl...
and with triplets, no less! For heaven's sake! Just thinking about the details almost sent him into a breakdown.
Not even he had fathered three at once, and he had more than enough balls for it! "Pup, everything is fine.
Im just a little tired, but the little wolves were born perfect.
Come in." Valeria was the one who answered, noticing that her mate had gone blank again, lost in thought over how Silas had bruised his alpha pride.
Men...
The "den" door creaked open softly.
###Chapter 843
---- 451 INTRODUCING THE LYCAN PRINCES NARRATOR In the hallway, almost the entire family was on edge, except for Celine, who was resting in her room with nausea.
No matter how much she insisted on being present, Zarek didnt let her get out of bed.
She would be the next to drop the baby bomb.
The others stayed outside, and only Gabrielle and Sigrid entered the lycan den.
Azarot growled a little at Gabrielle before settling down, his instincts pushing him to curl up even tighter around his pups and his vulnerable mate.
Sigrid's hand caressed his snout, scratching it a little, and Azarot licked her affectionately.
She was also his pup, so she could stay.
"Oh, daughter...
these little ones are adorable," Gabrielle crouched down, leaning toward Valeria and the little gluttons.
Ignoring the grumpy wolf beside the King, these wild, brutish lycans sometimes seemed more like animals than anything else.
"Uhhh, I want some just like them.
Little ones, Im your big sister, and Im going to take care of you," Sigrid stretched out her fingers to caress them as Gabrielle did.
silly smiles lit up their faces.
---- and I'm the grandma, so lets see if I get to spoil them more this, time, because a certain granddaughter was always sneaking off to practice dark sorcery," Gabrielle took the opportunity to add a sarcastic jab.
"yaya, dont start.
Besides, you can spoil me all you want now that 'm pregnant," Sigrid leaned toward the beautiful Selenia, who looked more like the eldest sister of the three.
She covered her with several playful kisses on the cheek, filling the room with warmth and joy.
Whos even going to get near you while youre pregnant and giving birth? Look at your father.
He practically wants to eat me alive, and Im his mates mother," Gabrielle pointed at Azarots scowling face.
"[ cant even imagine that compulsive, obsessive mate of yours.
Hes probably going to lock you up ina tower, and maybe you'll come out when the pups turn eighteen," she added, half-joking, half-serious.
yaya, dont exaggerate," Sigrid huffed, stroking her mothers wolf head, who leaned into her soft palm.
"Let him try...
Ifhe locks up my pup, I'll castrate him and see where he plans to get the next set of triplets from," Aldric growled angrily.
Sigrid, wisely, had kept to herself the fact that she had given birth far from home.
That little detail was known only to her and Silas.
The sleepy pups sniffed the familiar scents of their pack, at least ---- some of them.
Those waiting outside sighed in relief, knowing everything had gone well.
"Dad, they've already hunted the animals, and theyre fresh.
Are you going to eat in wolf form?" Sigrid asked.
Azarot had wanted to go out and hunt for his mate himself.
The pups would only drink milk for the first few weeks, but he didnt want to leave Valerias side.
He wouldnt take the whole wild-life simulation too literally, either.
"Pll go get it.
Leave it at the door, and make sure the males leave.
I dont want any of them near here," he instructed Sigrid.
"Mom, how long will the pups stay like this, in this form?" Valeria asked her mother, who was checking her over to ensure everything was fine with her body.
about three weeks, maybe less, since theyre of Aldrics bloodline, and hes the strongest lycan," Gabrielle answered, and Valeria nodded, slightly overwhelmed.
she had mentally prepared for this, but staying in her wild wolf, form for that long seemed a bit exhausting.
"Pll take care of you, baby.
Everythings going to be fine.
Besides, you can shift back to your Selenia form from time to time, I dont see why not," Azarot reassured her, sensing her uncertainty.
The two women went to take clean bedding from the chests to help out, but Aldric refused.
###Chapter 844
---- He insisted he would do it himself.
Hugging the pups alittle tighter, they left, sighing at how dominant the males could be.
The door closed, and Aldric watched through his wolfs eyes as valeria and the pups fell asleep against Azarots chest.
His body slowly shifted back to human form as he curled up with his little she-wolf, kissing her tenderly and holding their children close between them.
"Thank you, my love...
Thank you, Vale," he whispered, closing his eyes, wishing he could melt into her body and protect them within his soul forever.
His memory drifted back to his first pups, two lycans who had died in the cruelest way imaginable.
He had thought that hole in his chest would never be filled again.
But ever since their paths crossed, Valeria had upended everything he thought he knew about right and wrong.
She had changed his world for the betterwith her love, with the family she had built for him.
The crushing loneliness was now just a bitter memory of the past.
His heart swelled with gratitude and joy.
"T swear I will protect you forever, my Valeria.
I will love you with everything I have, until the last breath of my life...
and beyond." ---- ee ONE MONTH LATER...
The Lycan Kings castle was buzzing with activity.
The kitchen ovens hadnt stopped working since morning.
The servants quarters were bustling, with Sasha giving orders left and right.
Everything had to be perfecttoday was the princes presentation! The pack, gathered at the base of the imposing castle, was also packed with guests.
Alphas, sorcerers, vampiresthe elite of the supernatural world was all in attendance.
Business was booming.
Everyone was waiting for the Nocturne Royals to introduce the little wolf princes, just as they had announced.
The delegation from the Elemental Realm had arrived the day before.
In the grand hall, the women conversed The main topic of discussion? Pregnancies and the growing bellies of Celine, Katherine, and Sigrid.
The continuation of their bloodlines was more than secured.
Meanwhile, the men debated the idea of holding a tournament between the different races, to be hosted in the Elemental Realm, a ---- way to impress the elemental females.
It seemed like a healthy way to bond.
Obviously, the elemental males wouldnt be too happy about it...
Well, at least not until they saw the supernatural cheerleaders of the tournament.
"Maybe you'll finally find yourself a decent female.
Arent you tired of screwing around like a rabbit with a different one every day?" Quinn asked Erik, raising an eyebrow.
###Chapter 845
---- 452.
FOREVER IN MY HEART NARRATOR Even Dave had settled down, but Erik remained a womanizer without a cause.
"What can I say? Im preparing, training to repopulate the lycan race," Erik responded with a smirk.
Elliot, I dont want this Casanova anywhere near our daughters," Aldo said in his mind, taking a sip of his drink.
Tomas tried not to gawk around like an idiot.
They had thought they would feel out of place, but being among their own kind was liberating.
Not that they were complainingliving in the palace as advisors and administrators to the Regents had elevated them to a position they never imagined reaching "Pf, you can bet on that.
Denied entry to the Elemental Realm," Elliot replied, half-joking.
He also had a daughter to protect.
Luckily, the lycan pups were all male...
or so he thought.
"Better yet, lets find a female for Beof.
Hes always acting like a whiny baby, pretending he doesnt care that women run from his giant worm," Dave mercilessly exposed Beof in front of the guests.
"Dave..." ---- "What, Quinn? Am I lying? Look, he didnt even stay to join inhe went off hunting to who knows where," Dave shrugged.
Quinn sighed in defeat, taking a sip of wine from his goblet, his gaze drifting to Zarek a few meters away, deep in conversation with Gabrielle about vampiric matters.
Elliot recalled the burly lycan who had helped Katherine.
That was Beof.
Honestly, he owed the guy an apology for attacking him, but the man had disappeared afterward.
"Better that way.
I dont want such an intimidating male near my mate," Vorath immediately butted in.
"Let him find a woman somewhere else, not in my pack." Elliots mental conversation and the chatter in the hall were interrupted by the grand ebony doors swinging open.
The King and Queen entered, adorned in beautifully embroidered matching outfits.
In their arms, two chubby, pink-cheeked babies with fiery red hair like their father and sky-blue eyes like their mother.
Their little outfits were matching blue knight suits, making them look like two perfect drops of water, nearly identical copies.
"Dear family, friends, and allies," Aldrics powerful voice echoed through the grand hall, capturing everyone's attention.
"It is my greatest pride today to present the pups my beloved mate has brought into this world," he said, intertwining his fingers with ---- valerias.
"Fenrir and Magnus, my two lycan sons and your future rulers." A chorus of congratulations erupted.
Everyone gathered around, eager to meet the treasured little ones the Lycan King had kept hidden until now.
Gabrielle and Sigrid wasted no time snatching them from the royal couples arms, parading them proudly around the hall.
The pups curious little eyes darted around, lively and aware.
It was clear they would be a handful and add more gray hairs to their father.
"Look, he can already slit his pupils like his wolf!" Of course, their inner wolves are awakening.
Theyre lyeans they connect with their animal spirits without waiting until they turn eighteen," Sigrid puffed out her chest, showing off her baby brothers.
Katherine pulled Valeria aside, eager to ask about the birth and all the newborn care details.
They hadnt had much support or knowledge before, but now, the Selenia females had offered to assist when the time came It was like one big familythey talked, drank, and ate, the soft background music adding to the joyous atmosphere.
The moment was approaching to take the pups to the tower and present them to the pack leaders and the people who had come to see them, just as they had done when Sigrid was born.
###Chapter 846
---- And speaking of Sigrid...
Somehow, Aldric had ended up standing right beside his stone-faced son-in-law.
Always so lofty, carrying that dark, brooding aura.
A foxthats what he was.
A damn, perverted fox! "Tee you didnt waste any time with my daughter," Aldric muttered through clenched teeth, unable to hold back.
At least his newborn twins were males, so he wouldnt have to go through this again.
"We love each other.
We also want a family," Silas replied calmly, refusing to take the bait.
"and yes, I managed to sire three pups at once.
Even with my limitations, I accomplished what others couldnt," he added, returning the jab with a hint of sarcastic pleasure.
Anyone watching them sip their drinks, standing side by side with fake smiles, would never guess they were throwing verbal punches at each other.
"I dont think she loves you the way Valeria loves me.
You should try harder.
Having pups isnt the ultimate prooffemales can change their minds," Aldric said venomously.
"Has she claimed your heart?" He asked, and the moment he saw the confused look on the white- haired mans face, he knew he had found the perfect weapon to put this arrogant Specter King in his place.
"You dont even know what that means, do you?" He clicked his tongue, savoring Silass sour expression.
---- "Tt's when a Selenia fully bonds with her mate, marking his heart with magic, tattooing her name onto his soul.
Has Sigrid not done that with you?" Aldric almost sounded concerned...
almost.
Silas remained silent, but his expression betrayed the storm brewing beneath his calm facade.
"Mmm, looks like someone might get discarded in the future.
But dont worry," Aldric patted the brooding Silas on the shoulder, his voice dripping with mockery.
"I'll put in a good word for you with my pup...
or maybe I won't." He added with a dark smirk curling at the corner of his devilishly handsome mouth.
As he walked away, he caught in his peripheral vision how the white -haired man anxiously strode toward Sigrid.
He knew damn well that Sigrid hadnt done it out of fear of hurting him in such a risky ceremony.
Gabrielle had instilled that extreme fear in them, even though she herself had marked Quinnand he had survived just fine.
"That's payback for all the gray hairs you've given me, my mischievous pup," Aldric murmured internally, giving one last glance at his daughter as she was dragged off by her mateto who knows where.
Better not to think about it too much.
"Every day, you become more ridiculous and childish around the kids, you know that?" the most beautiful voice in the world filled his mind.
---- His beloved mate.
Aldric walked toward her with dominant strides, searching for her among the crowd in the hall, already knowing exactly where she was.
"Well, let me enjoy them while I can.
Once the twins grow up, I'll give you triplets.
I cant fall behind that arrogant bastard!" "Triplets?! Unless you plan on carrying and birthing them yourself, count me out! This factory is CLOSED, Aldric Thorne.
I mean it!" Aldric smirked at her fiery response.
Their eyes met from a few meters away, speaking volumes, exchanging secrets, complicity woven between them.
"We can always enchant you again with that cheeky little butterfly that keeps invading you." ALDRIC!" Aldric was in better spirits than ever.
His home was filled with family and friends, his children were safe, and his mate...
His fingers brushed over his left pectoral.
Beneath it, his powerful heart beat steadily.
Onits crimson surface, golden letters intertwined, glowing with the sacred name he would cherish forever.
VALERIA" ---- She would always be in his heart.
END OF SECOND BOOK spook DON'T LEAVE YET! HERE ARE SOME EXTRAS WITH THE ROMANCE OF BEOF.
IT'S THE TURN OF THE NEW GENERATION!
###Chapter 847
---- EXTRA I A RARE CREATURE NARRATOR The chanting echoed through the dimly lit room, prepared to resemble a wild wolves' den.
The only problem was that Katherine could barely hold her wolf form.
The small body she had managed to transform with magic trembled, convulsing in pain as she labored to give birth to her two lycan pups.
This was why so many elementals had died in the past when giving birth to supernatural beings with such wild instincts.
Lycan pups were the hardest to carry and deliver.
Gabrielle and Sigrid recited incantations, the runes around the bed glowing as magic swirled through the air.
Katherine wasnt as powerful as the Selenia bloodline.
They were helping her maintain the magical transformation into a wolf, feeding her their energy so she could make it through safely.
"Baby, you can do this.
Kath, theyre here, my love.
'm sorry, 'm so sorry for all the pain..." Elliot held her against his chest, anguished.
He remained in his human form, sitting on the bed with his legs open, supporting half of Katherines body on top of him, while the other half lay on the mattress, where Valeria leaned in to assist her.
"Take a deep breath, Duchess.
Don't rush, dont force it.
I know it ---- hurts, but they take their time," the queen explained gently.
The little wolfs teary eyes locked onto hers.
Beyond them, in the corner by the washstand, Freya stood watching anxiously.
She had attended births before, of course, but never one where someone was giving birth in an animal form, It was madness, but as long as they achieved their goal, her mind would find a way to process it.
Vorath was more nervous than he had ever been in his life, pacing like a caged animal.
As much as he wanted to cradle his mate, he knew his massive size and clumsy gestures wouldnt help.
"Mmmnnn," Katherine groaned mentally, panting, her small wolf body slick with sweat as she pushed.
Her enormous belly contracted, and murky fluids seeped from between her legs.
suddenly, she started hyperventilating, curling up, twisting in Elliots arms, while he suffered helplessly through her pain.
"Mom, daughter, keep the spell strong! Her animal form is fluctuating, and the pups are about to come out!" The situation turned critical in an instant.
Her fur began receding in patches, turning into human skin.
With her eyes shut tight, Katherine fought to channel all her magic.
she couldnt let her pups die! She felt the forced shift tearing at her, exhaustion weighing her down, her mind on the verge of shutting off.
###Chapter 848
---- Bitter memories of giving birth to Lavinia surged in her thoughts.
Tears rolled down the little wolf's muzzle.
She was terrified...
terrified of reliving that pain, a pain even sharper than this.
Losing a child was something one never truly got over.
No matter how much time passed, that wound never healed.
She had once thought she had lost Lavinia, and now she was about to crush her unborn pups as her pelvis and bones began reshaping.
Baby, open your mouth.
Katherine, listen to my voice.
Dont be afraid, dont fear.
Nothing will happen to our little ones.
Drink my blood, take my strength.
Kath, Im here with you.
Voraths urgent, warm, and almost commanding voice cut through the storm clouds in her mind.
Instinctively, she opened her mouth, and the warm, potent liquid coated her tongue, sliding down her throat.
She swallowed and swallowed.
Her cells, working at full force, seemed to recharge, energized.
Her magic surged anew, stronger.
Valeria watched with concern as Katherines half-shifted body absorbed her mates essence.
She only hoped she could push through itshe could feel the pups were in danger.
Mom, why cant she stay in her animal form? Is the spell not working?" She looked at Selenia, who stood on one side of the bed, while Sigrid was on the other.
---- Both were focused, maintaining the spell.
"Daughter, shes blocking her mind.
hes not letting the healing magic reach her.
She needs to focus and channel her own power, or ..
ill be difficult for us...
wait!" Gabrielles explanation was cut short.
She cracked her eyes open slightly to look at the woman on the bed.
Valeria did the same.
Katherine was shifting back into her wolf, form, and better yet, a green aura of energy surrounded her.
A surge of her power was about to explode.
"sigrid, chant louder! Now is the moment! Daughter, get ready to receive the pups!" Gabrielles voice roared with excitement.
Freya was terrified.
She clutched the soft cloth in her hands, ready to receive the pups, but something felt off.
The current Regent clung desperately to Katherine.
Her body looked strange, almost deformedhalf-human, half-wolf, patches of fur and skin.
she was going to die, for heavens sake, just like her mother.
Tears welled up in Freyas eyes.
Once again, she felt powerless, unable to do anythingshe was never able to stop disaster! Then, suddenly, something burst on the bed.
A blinding light flared, forcing her to shut her eyes.
The voices of the supernatural women resonated through every corner of the room, sending shivers down her spine as the Selenia ---- Queen shouted at Katherine to push harder.
###Chapter 849
---- Freya opened her eyes and saw Katherine glowing, just as she had when her sister betrayed her.
Just like when she had given birth to Lavinia, except this time, she wasnt alone.
No one would call her an abomination, no one would lock her away and separate her from her child.
"Come on, my love, hes here, Kath! The first one is here!" Her husbands excited voice filled the room as he stroked and kissed her trembling muzzle.
He held her securely in his warm arms.
This time, the rightful Duchess of Everhart had a family that loved her, and she was able to bring her children into the world safely.
"Here's the first little one," the Queens announcement pulled Freya out of her thoughts.
She jumped to action, nearly running, the soft blanket clutched in her hands.
As she leaned in, the scent of blood filled her nose.
The bed was stained crimson, littered with remnants of the placenta and umbilical cordbut she was used to this.
What did leave her stunned was that Katherine had indeed given birth to a brown-furred wolf pup.
"Pl cut the cord," she offered, handing the blanket to the Queen, who carefully wrapped the newborn.
Freya swiftly did her part, and soon, the tiny creature was freed from his mothers body.
---- Take him to her quickly.
He needs warmth.
Newborn pups must regulate their temperature," Valeria instructedthe most knowledgeable in lycan births.
With trembling hands, Freya took the tiny gift and carried him over to where Elliot still cradled Katherines half -wolf body.
They held their son with infinite love.
"Look, baby, hes so beautiful.
Hes perfect, Kath, just like you," Elliot whispered, overwhelmed with emotion, his heart pounding against his chest.
He placed the little pup between Katherines front legs.
She sniffed him, licking him tenderly, whimpering with tears of joy and relief.
The pups tiny, damp nose twitched, recognizing his parents scent.
Vorath howled within his soul, calling out to the newborns spiritual wolf, which would awaken in a few weeks.
Baby, [love you so, so much..." The joy would have been euphoricif there werent still one more pup left.
And in fact, that would be the hardest part.
###Chapter 850
---- EXTRA II.
DADDY LYCAN'S LITTLE PRINCESS NARRATOR Ereya even had to take the newborn pup away and wrap him tightly in blanketsKatherine was having another difficult moment.
The second pup turned out to be bigger than the first.
"AAAAHHHHH!" Witha mind-shattering scream and the last remnants of her magic, the room surged with energy as she pushed with everything she had for her second child.
Gabrielle let out a tired huff, but Sigrid was completely drained, her belly protruding beneath her loose dress.
She wiped the sweat from her trembling hand, satisfied with the good deed she had done.
Silas had almost forbidden her from coming, but of course, she wasnt going to miss this.
Suddenly, the murmurs and panting were interrupted by the strong cry of the newborn lycan.
Sigrid expected to see her mothers joyous expression, yet Valerias smile froze on her face.
Is something wrong?" Elliot asked tensely.
The wolf in his arms squirmed to look, nervous and on the verge of fainting.
"No, no, its just...
Mom, come here," Valeria called Gabrielle through clenched teeth.
Freya, who had just placed the first pup in the cradle, also rushed over to wrap the newborn.
Both women stood behind Valeria as she lifted the tiny creature in her hands.
---- The pups fur was black like Voraths, but there was something very, very unusual "Tell me Im not hallucinating.
This...
this is a little girl, right?" Valeria stammered in disbelief.
Her eyes clearly saw the pups sex, but she had been told so many times that female lycans were nearly extinct that she had given up believing in such a miracle.
"Its a girl, is that a problem?" Freya asked, the only one in the room completely clueless about the significance.
"A...
a female? But she was born in her wolf form, shes a...
a female lycan2" Elliots eyes fixed on his daughter.
The truth was, gender didnt matter much to himbut even he couldnt believe he had fathered such a rare being.
"It doesnt matter what she is.
Wrap her quicklyshes shivering, Mom," Sigrid pulled them out of their stunned silence, and Valeria snapped into action, taking the cloth from Ereyas hands.
The pups were cleaned and placed to nurse from their mothers milk.
Now that the pain and uncertainty had passed, with the support of her mates blood, Katherine was able to remain stable without additional help.
She curled up around her two children, savoring these new and special sensations.
"Does she need any special care because shes a girl?" Freya asked ---- Gabrielle with respect.
She still didnt understand the fuss.
###Chapter 851
---- Valeria, meanwhile, checked on Sigrid, who was seated in an armehair, catching her breath.
Her back was killing hercarrying three supernatural beings hadnt been easy.
"No, not really.
Its just that...
no one has seen a female lycan in...
well, I cant even remember how long, and Im quite ancient," Gabrielle admitted with an embarrassed smile.
"But shes healthy, and they can care for her just like their other pup," she added, glancing toward the bed.
"I feel like this is a sign of change.
Things will get better." She murmured with emotion.
The lycan race, once believed nearly extinct, would flourish again.
They had already paid for their past sins against the elementalsit was time for their resurgence.
ad Awhile later, after organizing and replacing the sheets with fresh, clean ones, everyone had left the room.
Elliot and Katherine had no idea how to properly thank the Selenias for their invaluable help.
Witches on broomsticks are here to support each other," Valeria joked with a wink at Katherine, who would have smiled in gratitude if she werent still in wolf form.
Without them, she might not have made it.
---- Ereya left with instructions that Aldo and Tomés would hunt to help Elliot during the upcoming weeks.
They did as told and sighed in relief, knowing everything had gone well.
The entire castle buzzed with curiosity, despite Elliots efforts to keep everything intimate within his pack.
To most elementals, this was an exotic event.
Of course, after the " clean-up," only trusted personnel remained to care for them.
The private investigator had been promoted to Royal Chief Investigator, now the terror of anyone who even considered rebellion.
Before the thought of protest could even form in someones mind, guards were already at their doorstep, arresting them.
This was how the Realm was governed with an iron fist in the beginning.
But over time, the most vulnerable realized that the Dukes of Everhart only passed laws to promote equality and improve their lives.
The Realm flourished, and the hatred toward supernatural beings in their hearts slowly faded over the years.
Back to the present, Elliot's body shifted, and in the darkness of the "den," the iron bed groaned dangerously as the massive lycan emerged.
Vorath wrapped himself around his mate and pups, lying on his side across the enormous bed, barely fitting, pulling them tightly against his chest.
He lovingly licked the little she-wolfs muzzle, telling her how ---- much he loved and thanked her for this incredible gift.
Soon after, nestled in their fathers dark fur, the two tiny bundles snuggled up to sleep, practically invisible, seeking warmth.
Vorath didnt even dare to breathe, afraid of disturbing them.
Katherine couldnt hold on any longer.
With her magic depleted, her body shifted back into the elemental form that represented half of her heritage.
"Vorath, Elliot," she sighed, resting against his broad, muscular chest, carefully avoiding pressing their pups against her belly.
###Chapter 852
---- She inhaled deeply, clinging to his soft fur, burying her nose into his scent that always comforted her.
She felt his warm breath against her hair, his powerful head nuzzling her, licking her cheek.
His beastly hand circled her waist, pressing her against him, shielding their offspring.
Blliot, what should we name our little girl? I dont think the name we chose suits her anymore," Katherine spoke into his mind, her lashes fluttering, eyelids heavy with sleep.
"We'll name our eldest Theron, as we planned.
And for our baby girl...
do you have any name in mind?" Katherine thought for a moment, lowering her hand to gently caress their tiny pups, their bellies full.
Amara.
Lets call her Amara, after my mother.
I only hope her life won't be as troubled, and that she finds a good mate who will love ---- her with all his heart." "she will, you'll see.
Our daughter will be the happiest.
No male will ever make her suffer.
As long as 1 live, I will protect my pup," Elliot vowed.
Vorath growled that he would tear apart anyone who dared to harm his daughter.
But they never imagined that Amara wouldnt need much protectionshe could defend herself just fine.
It was the males who would have to watch out for that fierce, untamed lycan.
Especially one in particular, who had been marked long ago.
Amaras animal instincts would never forget that pine-scented aromathe one that nearly woke her before her time in her inner world.
That scent had lived in her memory ever since.
And though, at first, she didnt understand why she was so fixated on it, when she turned eighteen, her instincts unraveled the mystery.
She had already crossed paths with her destined mate.
ad TWENTY YEARS LATER...
Despite Elliots overprotective treatment of his little princess, once Amara became an adult, he could no longer keep her within the castle wallsor even the Realm itself.
That powerful female lycan was going to hunt down her mate.
---- How dare he never come back for her?! Many leagues away from the Elemental Realm, Beof sneezed while sitting in a tavern.
"Uncle Beof, looks like someones talking about you," a red-haired lycan with sharp, masculine features and deep, lively blue eyes teased the burly man.
"Tbet its nothing good," Beof scoffed, reaching for his beer only to find the mug empty.
Before he could lift his hand to order another round, a deep, gruff voice cut off all his enthusiasm.
No more drinking.
We're going hunting tonight, remember?" Beof scowled in irritation at the other redhead sitting across from him, brows furrowed as always, a perfect copy of his father.
Both of them were a carbon copy of their sire.
Only their eye color came from the Queen.
Damn it.
Why had he agreed to take the princes hunting? Between Fenrir, the adventurer, and Magnus, the grouchy one, he was in for a night full of trouble.
What Beof never imagined was that on this trip, the only one about to get into a sweet and thrilling predicament...
was him.
###Chapter 853
---- EXTRA III.
MEETING BETWEEN FRIENDS, NARRATOR "[ really dont know how you convinced me to do this," the brunette huffed, staring through the carriages small window.
The sunset landscape blurred past, thanks to the vigorous gallop of the horses, "Lavi, dont be mean! If you dont come with me, you know how Dad ished never let me come alone!" Another girl leaned against her shoulder, batting her beautiful, seductive blue eyes playfully.
"Because Dad knows you're a troublemaker, Amara! And now look at the mess you've dragged me into!" Lavinia shook her off, grabbing her younger sister by the shoulders to make her look at her.
Little sister" only in ageLavinia was about ten years older, but that was the only way Amara Everhart could be considered " smaller." She had inherited her fathers striking blue eyes and heroic boldness.
Her long brown hair matched Lavinias and their mothers.
Physically, she was practically the same size as her father and lycan brother, with generous curves and a striking figure.
Compared to her, the other women in their family looked like delicate dolls.
"Mara, are you really, really sure that this lycan is your mate?" Lavinia asked for what felt like the thousandth time, using her ---- affectionate nickname.
"Yess! I confirmed it when I turned eighteen! Legna, my inner wolf, confirmed it too! Why does no one believe me?!" "Because it sounds completely insane, Amara.
This whole idea that you remember his scent from when our mother was pregnant and met him onceit's ridiculously improbable," Lavinia sighed.
No one in their family really believed her claim "Just like it was impossible for a female lycan to be born, and yet, here I am," Amara gestured dramatically to herself.
Lavinia exhaled sharply, as always surrendering to Amaras whims.
"Wouldnt it be easier to just go to the Lycan Kings castle and ask to meet him?" "No.
Last time I went, he wasnt therehes always off somewhere, probably with more lovers," she muttered under her breath.
She had heard certain rumors about Beof, and they burned in her gut with bitter jealousy.
"Besides, I want to surprise him.
Help me, Lavi, come on, dont be mean," she snuggled up again, pressing her ample chest against Lavinias arm.
"Get those things away from me, you're going to take my eye out! " the sorceress finally surrendered.
Not that her protests meant anythingAmara had already dragged her out of the palace and even out of the Realm, lying to their parents, saying they were going on a girls trip with the daughters ---- of Nocturnes kings and nobles.
###Chapter 854
---- "Youre just jealous that Mom didnt pass these man-trap boobs down to you," Amara teased, shaking her chest dramatically in front of Lavinias face, "Ts that any way to talk to your sister? Especially when youre asking me for a favor? COACHMAN!" "Nooo! No, Lavi, Im sorry, I talk too much! Look, theyre super uncomfortable! My back hurts all day! Not like yours, so nice and flat" "AMARA!" Lavinia groaned, wondering what she had done to deserve this.
She was starting to think Amara was becoming more like their mother every day.
Lavinia much preferred her peaceful life, spending time in the dungeons conducting experiments or traveling through the mountain passes to practice her transmigration magic.
Meanwhile, Amara was the troublemaker, always training in the barracks with their father and brothera total tomboy.
Worse, a sexy and seductive tomboy! And she was utterly oblivious to how striking she was, which was why Elliot spent the whole day watching over her, and even Theron had to be dragged into following her around.
Why couldnt she be more like Theron, who only cared about the Realms politics? He was more diplomatic than Elliot, who was gradually passing all ---- responsibilities onto his son so he could spend all day playing in bed with his mate.
Dad is going to kill me when he finds out I helped Amara sneak off to meet her supposed mate," Lavinia thought, running her fingers through her hair.
She glanced at her sister, who was staring excitedly out the window, her eyes sparkling with anticipation Oh well...
She had always been her accomplice in these wild schemes.
Since the day Amara was born, she had been her favorite.
And besides, who could ever say no to Amara? Poor Beof.
seb An hour later, the carriage stopped in the courtyard of a massive castle, one that had been restored from ruins over the years.
The De la Croix Fief, the ancient home of the witches.
This was another reason Lavinia had agreed to comeshe hadnt visited the fief, her mothers inheritance, in a long time.
There was something about this place that called to her.
Despite its bloody history and the horrors that had once occurred here, the magical energy still pulsed through every untouched corner.
"Amaral" Lavinia heard the hurried footsteps and the excited exclamation the moment her younger sister stepped out of the carriage.
"Vicky!" Amara responded enthusiastically.
---- Lavinia followed, stepping carefully down the carriage stairs, instructing the coachman to rest and take the horses to the stables.
She turned back to see the group of women waiting to greet them.
It turned out there really was a girls gathering planned...
and an entire conspiracy to help Amara.
"Wait, woman, you're going to crush me! What do the Regents even feed you?!" Victoria gasped, feeling her bones crack under the affectionate hug of the imposing lycan, who towered at least a head above herand that was saying something, because Victoria was far from short.
She had inherited her height from her father, Prince Zarek, the Dark One.
A powerful vampire.
###Chapter 855
---- EXTRA IV.
ACCOMPLICES NARRATOR Despite her hybrid origins, Celine had given birth to a true Viad through and through.
Deadly, fierce, and beautiful, just like the creatures of the night.
Her eyes carried reddish tones, and her long brown hair cascaded down to her rounded backside, clad in tight black leather pants.
"Ugh, sorry, Vicky! Im just so excited to see you allits been too long.
Lyra!" Amara rushed toward the woman who looked more like a goddess than a mere mortal.
Silvery platinum hair flowed gracefully, and her striking silver eyes gleamed with joy.
Her inner wolf, a powerful Alpha, pressed her muzzle against Amaras in greeting.
The two of them had always gotten along well.
Lavinia approached as well, her thick cloak billowing behind her.
"Nyx," she greeted the dark-haired woman who had come to meet her.
Their personalitiesboth composed and thoughtfulwere eerily similar.
"Lavi, Im so glad we could all gather here," the Selenia woman embraced her warmly.
They had always had great chemistry, despite their age difference.
Their love for magic, books, and dark sorcery bonded them.
"Grandmotherly and boring things," according to Amara and ---- Victoria.
Lyra, on the other hand, was a balance between serenity and adventure.
After exchanging greetings and kisses of welcome, they all entered De la Croix Castle.
Technically, Lavinia and Amara were the hostesses, but in reality, everyone in the fief knew them well.
They ran the place as they pleased.
Even the servants bustled about like frantic ants, rushing through the kitchens, preparing the rooms and halls.
Everything had to be perfect! These "Daddys little princesses" were the treasures of the most powerful and dangerous beings in existence.
The staff feared that even something as simple as tea being too hot might burn their tongues.
So, flawless service was arranged on the terrace, where they all gathered a while later to talk.
Alright, we all know our missionhelp Amara," Victoria officially opened their war council.
"Goddess, Uncle Beof is going to be in shock when he sees you.
You're going to drive him insane with how stunning you are," Lyra mused as she sipped delicately from her teacup, imagining the look on the burly lycans face.
"Do you...
do you really think hell like me?" Amara asked with a ---- hint of insecurity.
"Like you? Hes going to be obsessed with you, Mara," Victoria said confidently.
"But are you completely sure about this? This whole thing with the scent and Uncle Beof...
We just dont want you to get hurt." He is my mate.
I know it.
And I like him," Amara admitted, her cheeks flushing crimson as she cast a sideways glance at her sister.
###Chapter 856
---- Truth be told, she had only seen Beof once, when she was seventeen.
From afar.
He had been leaving on horseback just as her family arrived at the Nocturne palace for a visit.
She hadnt seen his face up close.
But she knew his scentit had been burned into her memory.
That day, the wind had carried it straight to her as he rode away.
She confirmed it with her wolf.
He was her mate.
She had been waiting until she came of age to go after him.
Yet, thanks to her fathers overprotectiveness, she had reached twenty years old and still hadnt done anything about it.
"T think the smartest thing to do is exactly what we discussed, Mara.
You two need to meet and see if you actually like each other, " Nyx said rationally.
"Lets plan the meeting.
I convinced Laziel to lend me one of his specters.
Its been following Uncle Beof in silence." "Laziel agreed to this?!" Lavinia raised an eyebrow, highly skeptical.
---- Laziel was as mysteriousif not more sothan the Specter King, himself.
A dangerously handsome man with sharp features, much like Silas.
His dark hair contrasted with his golden eyes, bright as the sun.
But if those golden irises turned blackyou better start running.
Lavinia had always respected him.
His dark magic was overwhelming, and, worst of all, the specters...
those monstrous, untamed creatures, were like puppets in his hands "Well, I didnt give him too much of an explanation.
And honestly, Amara, you owe me big time.
Because of you, I now have to run errands for my insufferable triplet," Nyx said, amused by Amaras guilty expression.
Thanks for throwing me under the carriage, sister.
Did you forget who helped you?" Lyra scoffed, rolling her eyes.
Those two were always at each others throats.
But still, they loved each other.
Even if they acted like cats and dogs.
Lyra, do you want a medal for that?" Nyx quipped, arching a brow.
"Girls, girls, lets stay focused," Victoria redirected the conversation before things got out of hand.
"We've located Uncle Beof.
Now we just need to separate him from the twins and bring him to where Amara will be waiting." That snapped them back into mission mode.
And so, between strategy, playful jabs, and meticulous scheming, the ultimate and foolproof plan was crafted.
---- Sure, the easy approach would be to just walk up to Beof and introduce Amara.
But no.
The thrill of choosing the most convoluted, dangerous, and unpredictable route was what made life exciting.
With everything settled and each person assigned their role, the council was adjourned.
They would spend the day together and, by nightfall, they would spring their trap on poor Beof.
"Nyx, wait, can we talk for a moment?" Amara called at the last second, pulling the Selenia aside for a private conversation.
###Chapter 857
---- EXTRA V.
A PRETTY CRAZY PLAN NARRATOR Lavinia sensed something was going on but gave her sister space.
After all, Amara was already twenty years olda grown woman, even if their father still called her "pup." "],..
actually need to ask you for another favor.
A spell.
I didnt dare ask Lavi because she'd give me a lecture," Amara admitted in a hushed voice, a hint of embarrassment in her tone.
"Hmm, and what exactly would that be?" Nyx raised an eyebrow.
If Lavinia would scold her for it, it had to be something questionable.
As she listened to yet another one of Amaras wild ideas, she understood the concern.
"Mara, this is a bit...
selfish.
You shouldnt play around with Beof like that.
Hes a good man, and hes waited for you for so long.
If he had known for sure that you were his mate, he would have asked for your hand the moment you came of age." "Do you really think so, Nyx? Because Ive heard quite the opposite that Beof has no interest in meeting his mate.
Maybe he'll reject me outright," Amara confessed, her chest tightening at the mere thought.
"He wont reject you.
Hes just...
been deeply wounded because of his size.
You shouldnt believe those nasty rumors" "I just want him to want me for who I am and not just because of the mate bond," Amara interrupted, determined, ---- "Lwant to know if he truly likes me, if hes attracted to me as a woman, not just because we're bound by the connection between our wolves." Nyx stared at her friend.
By the Goddess...
she hoped this madness worked out.
Otherwise, her mother, Sigrid, was going to hang them upside down on the castle walls.
Her father? Well...
hed probably just ask his mate if they should tighten the ropes.
Theyd have to call in reinforcements from the grandparents and great-grandparents.
"Fine.
Damn it.
I cant resist those abandoned-puppy eyes," she groaned.
"Wait!" she laugheda rare sound from herwhen Amara threw her arms around her in excitement.
"Youd better undo the spell at the right moment.
Dont you dare take advantage of my poor uncle!" od That night, Lavinia tore open a rift in space, transporting Amara to where Beof was.
Victoria and Nyx went with her, since the spell couldnt carry too many people at once.
Besides, Victoria, being a vampire, would distract the lycan twins, while Nyx would camouflage herself inside another body to avoid being detected by Beof.
She had mastered Sigrids possession magic herself.
###Chapter 858
---- "amara, if youre in danger, if you need to come back, just touch the pendant and think of me.
1ll open a portal and bring you back wherever you are," Lavinia instructed, adjusting the opal stone pendant around her sisters neck.
P'Lbe fine, sister," Amara reassured her, hugging her warmly.
But deep down, she was nervous.
"Dont get into trouble, Mara.
Dont make me regret this, please." With one last warning, Lavinia finally pulled away and motioned for them to step onto the runes drawn on the library floor.
She chanted her spell.
It was easier for her to stay behind at the origin pointthis way, she could pull them back if something went wrong.
A stormy gust flung open the windows, swirling violently around the supernatural women in the room.
Lavinias brown hair lifted in the air, crackling with powerful magic.
She stretched her hand toward the three women standing in the circle and began to pull.
As if her fingers were gripping two invisible doors, forcing them open by sheer will.
Energy crackled between her fingertips.
A black tear split open in midair, floating in the center of the hall, right in front of the vampire, the Selenia, and the lycan.
"Go!" Lavinia commanded urgentlyopening a portal for three was already making her break into a sweat.
---- She still hadnt fully mastered this magic.
It was too complex, too demanding.
"Amara! If you pull any stunts, I wont talk to you for a whole year! " she roared as she watched them disappear through the portal, swallowed like prey into the mouth of a hungry specter.
"Lavil" Lyra caught her just as it ended, her strong arms steadying her.
Lavinias legs gave out, nearly making her collapse.
She pressed a trembling hand to her sweat-dampened forehead.
"Pm fine...
dont worry..." "P'm taking you to your room!" Lyra insisted, holding her effortlessly.
Physically, sorceresses were weaker than other supernatural women.
Yet, despite her inherited strength, Lyra was an elegant and striking wolf.
It didnt matter what she did or how she did itshe always carried herself like royalty.
You could throw her into a sack of potatoes, smear mud on her face, and tangle her white hair into a birds nestshe would still make "filthy but fashionable" the next big trend.
Lavinia retired to her room to rest, as did the Alpha.
The Dela Croix Castle remained as lively as ever.
---- No one had realized three residents were already missing.
The fief had once again become a haven for supernatural beings, just as it had been in ancient times.
Creatures of all races had begun repopulating the town within the castle walls.
Most were witches and vampireswolves preferred to remain in separate packs.
sob Many miles away, the three supernatural "musketeers"...
I mean, friends...
emerged in a dense forest outside the city.
"Alright, ladies.
Its time for Operation: Seducing the Lone Lycan' " Victorias eyes gleamed with excitement in the darkness.
To her, this was pure adrenaline.
Achallenge.
And they were ready to win.
That lone wolf wasnt escaping this trap.
###Chapter 859
---- EXTRA VI.
FALLING INTO THE TRAP: NARRATOR Victoria practically had to beg her father not to force her into one of those daddy-daughter learning sessions.
She was way too old for that! Thank all the heavens that her mother understood her better and entertained the vampire prince long enough for her to escape with her cousins.
From the hilltop, Amara nervously eyed the lights below in the city, which was mostly ruled by sorcerers and vampires.
There were also a few werewolves around, mainly at night, drawn to the lively nightlife of the taverns and places of release.
"Let's get to work, then," Nyx sighed, going over how she had gotten herself into this.
She pulled out a small vial of potion she had prepared and handed it to Amara.
"Drinkit, and I'll tell you the words to break the spell." She passed it to Amara, who took it with a nod.
"T'll go find the twins and get some information out of them..." "Theyll figure you out, theyre not idiots, you know that, especially Magnus.
Tell them in secret, they'll probably help you," Nyx suggested.
---- Everything seemed to be aligning too many people conspiring against poor Beof or, rather, in his favor.
His honorary nephews only wanted his happiness, which happened to be wrapped in the curvaceous body of a fiery lycan made exclusively for him.
see The next day, with the information provided by the lycan twins, things became much easier.
They excused themselves to go out on their own; Beof couldnt keep them locked upthey were both of age.
He took the opportunity that night to visit a place hed had his eye on for days, but with the two princes around, he hadnt dared take them along.
If Aldric ever found out he had taken his sons to a mixed-species brothel, he would cut his balls off, and Beof was quite fond of his little friends, thank you very much.
Slipping into the dark alley, he emerged at the end of the street, where a three-story mansion stood.
Two women, their tits half out, waited on the entrance stairs, ready to drag him straight into the depths of searing lust.
Beof let himself be pulled inside, stepping into an ambiguous atmosphere filled with sex behind closed doors, erotic incense in the air, indecent proposals in every corner, drinks, and depravity.
He frequented these places more than he cared to admit.
###Chapter 860
---- Here, women didnt question the size of his cock or how rough he was in bedonly what he was willing to pay for their services.
Selling ones body wasnt forbidden in the realm.
Not as long as it was voluntary.
No sex slaves, no forced prostitution.
They were about to lead him to a reserved table when Beof's ears caught the excited commotion coming from the back of the grand lobby.
Oh, our strongman is interested in the nightly performances," one of the women purred, dragging her words.
There's a new dancer tonight.
They say she's gorgeous, an Alpha she-wolf, full of curves in all the right places," the other woman practically whispered in his ear.
The wordsAlpha she-wolf, curvaceous, big, beautifulsank into Beofs mind, and just imagining it was enough to heat him up.
He loved women like that, thick, with jaw-dropping curves, ones that could handle his vigorous fucking, mount them without fear of breaking them.
"Ym going to see the show," he told them, and without waiting, he pulled away and strode confidently toward the back of the lobby, where a set of dark double doors blocked his way.
He pushed them open and stepped into the dimly lit room, where flickering lights, the sound of a small accompanying orchestra, and men drinking and drooling over the dancers in cages surrounded him.
Outside, the two women exchanged mischievous smiles.
---- "This is the easiest money I've ever made," one said to the other as they went back to greeting guests.
"You dont say.
I dont know what got into Madame, but that witch was very generous, and all we had to do was guide this big guy toward the dancers.
How did she even know hed come?" "Who knows, but thanks to him, Ive made double tonight without even spreading my legs." They both grinned conspiratorially, and from the upper floor, Madame, the owner of this house of sin, also smirked before turning toward her office.
She sat behind her desk, waiting.
"Uncle Beof, I really hope Amara is your mate.
Dont screw up our efforts," Nyx thought.
Her spell held firm over the witchs body she had possessed to take control of this place and help that love-struck lycan.
Inside the room, the lights dimmed even more.
Beof sat where they directed him; he didnt like that the table was too close to one of the cages, or rathercorrectionhe hadnt liked it.
Because when the brothels new acquisition stepped into the space directly in front of him, he was grateful to have a front-row view of that delectable female.
Fuck, she had to be his tonight, no matter what.
---- His lycan roared that she was the she-wolf he wanted to mount and unload every ounce of his passion between those sculpted thighs.
His wolfish pupils narrowed with determination as he took stock of the gold coins in his pocket.
No matter how much this Onyx cost, only he could have her.
At least for tonight...
###Chapter 861
---- EXTRA VIL DANCE JUST FOR ME NARRATOR Euck, what a gorgeous female, Soul growled low as he watched the woman step onto the platform and into the square cage.
felt my canines lengthen, and my cock stirred in my pants.
Much faster than it usually took to get excited, but my eyes were sending my dick signal that was too damn tempting.
Totally agree, Soul, I responded, licking my fangs as I leaned back in my chair to enjoy the show.
My wolf eyes traveled up from her bare feet as they moved over the dark floorsmall and delicate for someone taller than the average woman.
Her thick calves gave way to full, pale thighs and wide, sensual hips that swayed inside the cage, gripping the bars, pressing against them shamelessly in time with the melody.
My filthy imagination ran wild, already picturing myself on top of, that delicious female, gripping her hips, pinning her to the bed, and pounding into her sweet pussy.
Fuck, her little cunt had to be as pink as the rest of her, and with a body that curvy, she seemed made to take me inside her.
I pushed away the stupid pang of bitterness at knowing many men had probably enjoyed Onyx before me.
Instead, I kept devouring her with my eyes, lowering my hand to ---- palm my cock over the bulge already straining in my pants.
Her narrow waist twisted, her navel peeked through, and the soft skin of her stomach rippled as she moved.
She wore nothing but a red silk miniskirt with lace, slit at the sides, barely covering her pussy and part of her ass.
She turned around slowly, andfuckall the heavens help me.
Those sensual, firm ass cheeks I was dying to grab and bite bounced, opening and closing with every rise and fall of her body.
There wasnt much left to the imagination, and it was already pissing me off that other idiots were staring at her nearly naked body.
Ilet out alow, menacing growl, glancing around, ready to rip out anyones eyes.
I knew I was being irrational, but my animal instincts were becoming too possessive.
However, I was surprised when the room gradually emptied.
Only two men remained, hypnotized by the dancers in the cages further away.
Why, when this female was so damn sexy and eye-catching, did no one else seem to be looking at her? My thoughts were interrupted by the screech of a gate opening.
1 lifted my head to the mini stage where the cages stood.
Predatory eyes locked onto a pair of intense, beautiful, seductive blue ones.
###Chapter 862
---- My cock jerked the moment she bent forward to step out of the ---- cage and onto the small edge of the stage, right in front of me.
No bars, no barriersshe started swaying slowly, filling my mind with temptations.
Looking closely, I noticed a slight tremor in her enticing body.
This wasnt the most skilled dance in the world.
At times, she even seemed alittle clumsy.
Iremembered the girls had said she was new.
What if this was her first time doing this or even being in a brothel? Something stirred deep inside me, something complex, but I shoved it aside.
only wanted to fuckno complicationsanzd it still remained to be seen whether she even wanted to spend the night with me.
Ssshhh, those tits are perfect...
ggrrr, Im hotter than ever.
Its been ages since I got this hard.
My wolf let out a low grow, his body reacting just like mine.
He tried reaching out to the womans wolf, proposing to mate, but not only was her scent oddly confusing, we couldnt reach her wolf atall.
Anervous edge crept in.
If she wasnt showing her animal side, maybe it was because she didnt want to be bought.
She crouched at the edge of the stage, just a few steps from where I Sat.
By now, my thick cock ached from being bent inside my pants.
---- T cant stay in the dark any longer, I growled at Soul, rising as slowly as I could to avoid startling her.
On my knees, I stroked her pale skin erotically, running my hands up and down her delicious, sweat-slicked body.
The tassels on the bottom of her tiny top, barely covering those massive tits, swayed with each movement as she followed the music.
I stepped forward, once, twicelike a beast stalking its prey never taking my eyes off her.
I didnt hold back a single ounce of the raw desire she awakened in me.
I wanted her to know my intentions very clearly.
I reached the edge of the stage, her scent still undefined.
Everything smelled of the brothels incense instead.
I needed to bury my nose in that silky brown hair.
She lifted her face to my chest level.
It didnt matter that she wore ablack lace mask, like an elegant blindfold.
T knew she was beautiful.
Lifting my hand, my fingers brushed her flushed cheeks, as delicate as porcelain.
The tips traced down her cheekbone, sliding gently along the soft line of her jaw.
###Chapter 863
---- EXTRA VIII.
MY SUCCULENT PREY BEOF She remained still, still on her knees, and seeing her submit to my control, her eyes filled with obedience and desire, had my balls ready to explode.
My thumb circled her chin, and I swallowed hard as I fixated on those voluptuous red lips.
Everything felt like it was moving in slow motion.
T could hear her heavy breathing, and our hearts pounded hard against our chests.
"sshhh," I hissed, licking my lips as I touched hers.
That delicious flesh felt so good under my fingersI was dying to suck on her mouth, to nibble and kiss her deeply.
I wasnt even a guy who cared much for kissing, but with her, I'd do everything.
Id devour her from head to toe...
if she let me.
Tleaned in closer, always keeping my gaze locked on hers.
There was no fear in those eyes, and damn, I loved that.
Finally, I buried my nose in her hair, still irritated that I couldnt smell her properly.
My wolf couldnt reach hers either.
Why? My lips brushed against her ear, and I dragged my tongue slowly, seductively along the shell, savoring the muffled moan she tried to suppress.
---- Her soft, full tits pressed against my muscles.
Goddess, I had never had to hold myself back this much.
I swear, if we werent in public, with just one yes from her lips, Id throw her down on this stage and fuck her like an animal.
"T want to mount you.
I like you.
I can pay whatever you ask," I whispered temptations into her ear, One hand held her chin to keep her still, while the other caressed her waist, her rounded hips.
Touching her skin felt orgasmic, even better than I had imagined.
"Mmm, you have no idea how hard youre making me.
Sshhh...
say yes, baby.
Do you want me or not? I swear Il] make you feel good.
Dont be scared of my size.
We'll do it your way.
I'll take you slowly.
For the first time in a brothel, I was actually negotiating, She didnt speak, but I could feel her arousal, and that drove me crazy.
From past experiences, I was highly sensitive to rejection and even more to deception.
This female didnt seem to be faking her desire for me...
or she was a damn good liar.
I grew bolder at her silent permission, my broad back shielding us from curious eyes.
Lowering my head, I pressed wet kisses along her fevered neck, right where her vein pulsed frantically.
My tongue slid down the delicate column of her throat to her collarbone, sucking on her skin, growling my dark desires against ---- the hollow of her neck.
###Chapter 864
---- My hand moved even lower, teasing the soft inner skin of her trembling thigh, so close to her panties, her soaked core.
When my fingers brushed over that dripping slit, I heard the most cock-hardening moan in existence.
Her small hands pressed against my shoulders.
I could feel her melting against me.
Euck, I was jerking off in my head, imagining she had no experience.
Thats exactly what it seemed like.
"Pouch her deeper.
Slide your fingers in.
Sshhh...
I want to taste her," Soul growled, out of control, things slipping through my fingers.
Iran two fingers up and down, feeling the throbbing heat of her pussy through the fabric, her juices soaking my fingertips.
I gripped her jaw, forcing her to face me.
I needed to know if she wanted me as her loverI needed to know right now.
"Tell me, fuck, because I swear Im about to come with my pants on," I panted against her lips, my mouth nearly on hers, my eyes burning red like my wolf's, staring straight into the sky of hers.
"Name a high price, baby, because I guarantee Im fucking this pussy more than once tonight..." I murmured wickedly.
The breath escaping her parted lips heated my mouth.
Mmmm...
she moaned softly when I pushed the fabric aside and reached that wet, slippery slit.
---- "gshhh, yeah, baby, you like me.
I know you do.
Look how wet you are...
so soft.
Mmmm, what do you want me to do first? Should I eat you out, finger you real good? Do you have another fantasy to make you come? Just say the word, and Ill do it.
Sshhh..." Goddess, I was burning up, and all I could think was that my rut must be coming early.
This was insane.
Treached her swollen clit, rubbing it in slow circles, teasing it, feeling her shudder with pleasure.
I flicked out my tongue, tracing the curve of her full lower lip before sucking on the top one, stretching it between my teeth with obscene sounds.
Her fists clenched against my chest, her hips rocking forward, seeking more of my touch.
This was the most intense foreplay I'd had in centuries.
She moaned softly, bewitching my will, clouding my senses.
I glanced down to see her lashes fluttering, her silky hair framing her beautiful face.
"Five hundred gold coins? A thousand? How much?" My voice was rough, barely human.
"get your price, Onyx, and set it high, woman, because I want you to let me do everything to you.
Im not pulling out, so dont make that a condition," I growled.
My slick finger teased the tiny entrance, only circling it.
For some reason, I didnt want to shove into her yet.
Ineeded her to trust me first.
Like a predator deceiving its prey, ---- Turing it in, making it come closer to his jawsonly to devour it whole.
###Chapter 865
---- EXTRA IX.
WHO IS THE WHORE HERE? BEOF "Do you come inside every prostitute you sleep with?" she finally responded, her question a bit strange.
Her voicelow, vibrant, confident was driving me insane.
We locked eyes, and I could swear I saw a hint of reproach in hers.
"No, actually, I dont usually do that.
But with you, I will.
Is that a problem? Don't they use those potions here to prevent pups?" I frowned slightly.
Treally hoped shed let me finish inside her.
I didnt think Id be able to pull out at the last second.
She seemed lost in thought.
I started to grow anxious, especially when her gaze dropped to my cock, now making a very familiar tent in my pants.
Please dont reject me.
Damn it, dont reject me," I found myself even begging in my head.
Her small hand lowered, exploring, and I let her.
She was going to see it sooner or later.
It wasnt like I could change anything about it.
Better a quick pain than a slow oneif she was going to say no, better to do it now.
For the first time, I felt like I might hit rock bottom in a brothel if ---- she outright kicked me to the curb.
"Mmnon..." I gritted my teeth and pressed my lips to the crown of her lowered head, inhaling her scent as she stroked my cock over the fabric.
Her touch was a little hesitant.
[really didnt think this girl had much experience in the brothel.
"Even better.
I havent smelled the fresh scent of another male on her, and thats making me euphoric," my wolf growled, satisfied.
"Baby, sshhh, lets go to a room.
If you keep touching me like this, I swear I'll kidnap you whether you want it or not...
mmnn," my ass clenched when she squeezed my rock-hard shaft.
My veins pumped hot blood, keeping my cock standing at full attention.
"One thousand for every time you come.
How many times do you plan on fucking me?" she finally responded, lifting her head.
She took my hand and pulled it out from between her legs, stepping away.
I missed her warmth immediately.
My lust-fueled brain processed her words.
"T think I misunderstood...
one thousand for the night?" "One thousand for every time that giant cock of yours comes inside me.
If you do it only once, then just one thousand," she replied, defiant, lifting her chin.
She crossed her arms under her breasts, pushing those succulent ---- mountains up even more.
###Chapter 866
---- My brain was about to short-circuit.
One thousand for each fuck?! THIS WAS STRAIGHT-UP EXTORTION! T think you and I both know that price is...
unfair..." "Not at all.
Do it once, and you only pay one thousand.
Its that simple.
If youre not that interested, then we never had this conversation." "wait...
fuck, wait..." I grabbed her arm, stopping her as she was about to stand up.
I didnt have enough gold on me, but I could leave a promissory note at the brothel and send someone to pay it later.
Twas the heir of a wealthy pack.
Money was never an issue for me.
And even though this was daylight robbery, I was more than willing to be fleeced by this seductive woman.
Ireally thought about how many times I wanted to have her.
"Ten times.
Pay for ten times." "Are you insane, Soul?! She probably wont even handle two, and you want ten?!" I shattered his fantasy.
As much as I wanted her, she might not be able to handle my need.
"Ten times.
Pll pay to come inside you ten times.
But not just tonight..." I opened my mouth, and in the end, I offered her ten ---- fucking times! "If you can take it all tonight, then so be it.
If not, you'll be reserved for me for as many days as it takes, and you wont be with anyone else while we have this deal," my voice came out dark and rough.
While she was mine, no one else could touch her.
"Pll reward you well.
I think we both know it would take you years to earn that kind of money..." "You better, lycan.
Make it worth it and really put in the effort to satisfy me..." she grabbed my collar in an instant, yanking me against her body.
Her tongue slipped out, licking over my Adams apple as it bobbed when I swallowed.
".,, Because if I dont enjoy it, Ill be the one paying you a thousand gold coins to get the hell out of my bed." She even had the nerve to threaten me, and the worst part? It made me even harder! This was my heat, definitely my heat season.
At this point, I didnt know who the real prostitute was her or me.
"PIL...
Pll go talk to the Madame.
Wait for me in your room," I finally said, and in a surge of burning lust, I couldnt stop myself I grabbed her and kissed her.
Her lips trembled under mine as I moved them with firm hunger, my tongue pushing in to wreak havoc inside her hot mouth.
---- I tasted her deliciously, drank in her muffled moansI couldnt hold back anymore.
By all the gods, I needed to see her naked under me now.
Reluctantly, I pulled away, a thin strand of silver hanging between our lips.
Her cheeks were flushed, her gaze unfocused.
I dont think I had ever seen a woman want me like this, and it was driving me insane.
1 didnt know if I was hallucinating maybe I was lying to myself, letting my desperate desire cloud everything.
Maybe I just needed to believe that she truly wanted me for who I was.
###Chapter 867
---- EXTRA X.
THE VIRGIN SHE-WOLF BEOF I took a few steps toward the table and chair where they had placed me.
The drink sat untouched beside me; I barely took a sip.
Grabbing the heavy cloak draped over the chairs back, I shook it out before stepping toward the stage again, placing it over her shoulders to cover her.
"Go, Onyx, wait for me in your room and get ready for me," I ordered, my dominant tone leaving no room for argument, my inner beast roaring to come out and play.
Iwatched her stand, her legs barely steady, and disappear into the darkness at the back of the stage, slipping through heavy green curtains.
Alright, Soul, lets go get ourselves bled dry." "This is the best damn money we'll ever spend in this fucking world." Soul was sharpening his teeth.
I turned and left the hall.
My cock ached, making my walk a little awkward.
Not surprising, considering it was bent like a thick hose jammed into a tight box.
I reached down, adjusted its position, and felt the wetness of ---- precum seeping from the tip.
Tendured the discomfort, my heavy balls throbbing for release.
"Very soon," I muttered as one of the girls led me upstairs to the madam office.
I stepped inside in a rushI wasnt in the mood for much negotiation.
T think everyone already knew I was willing to let myself be extorted just to fuck that woman.
Welcome, distinguished guest.
We've never had a Guardian here before." A woman with graying hair and piercing black eyes sat behind a desk.
I wrinkled my nose in discomfort; the thick scent of sandalwood incense was overpowering, making the air feel heavy.
But it was her office, not mineeach to their own.
"T was told you're very interested in our new girl, Onyx.
But please, have a seat..." "No, lets get this over with quickly," I cut in.
If I sat down, the pain in my dick would only get worse.
"Yes, I liked her, and Im willing to pay for her services." "Did she agree to it?" Her mature features creased slightly.
"This witch is strange...
I dont know.
Have we seen her before?" Soul eyed her critically.
"No idea," I replied.
###Chapter 868
---- 1 didnt give a damn about the madam as long as she didnt get difficult.
"Yes, she agreed.
We even discussed the price.
ll pay 10,000 gold coins for the arrangement we made." "what?! 10,000 gold coins?" she exclaimed, and I didnt blame her.
It was a small fortune, more than this brothel would make in years, even with several girls working full-time.
It'll all go to her.
Just tell me how much the house takes, and Ill cover that too," I added impulsively.
Why the hell not? "You really like that little she-wolf," she said after a moment of silence.
"Wait here..." I frowned, unsure what else there was to wait for.
A knock at the door interrupted us.
The madam gestured for the person to enter, and one of the women who had greeted me outside stepped in with a submissive demeanor.
"Come, tell me," the madam said, waving a hand adorned with extravagant rings and long red nails.
The girl leaned in to whisper something in her ear.
I could hear it if Iwanted to, but I chose not to be rude.
alright, I understand.
You may go," the madam said, dismissing the prostitute, who flashed me a flirtatious smile as she walked past.
I didnt even look at herI needed my damn verdict already.
This was taking too long.
---- "Thad to verify you werent lying.
I apologize, but its protocol," she said seriously.
"Onyx has only danced; shes never accepted any of the suitors who come to see her." What exactly are you trying to say?" A bad feeling crept over me.
"That girl is stunning, and its not every day an alpha female walks through my door.
As you know, here, the women get to choose, and she chose only to dance..." "'So that means shes never..." "Shes a virgin.
Shes never been with a man." She let that sink in before adding, "We even discussed holding an auction for her...
well, for her first time." I stood frozen like a complete idiot.
"So thats why I was so surprised.
Although, with the money youre paying, I imagine even auctioning off her virginity wouldnt bring in as much." "Does she have some kind of problem that she needs to do this?" The thought suddenly hit me That woman was like a diamond thrown into a pigsty, and I was the first pig in line.
"That's not my business, Mr.
Guardian.
My job is to run this place and protect my girls within these four walls.
She made her choice you'll get the privilege of taking her virginity.
Good for you.
Now, sign these documents for the deposit..." "Wait," I stopped her as she reached for a drawer in her desk.
Too ---- much information, too fast.
Damn it, my mind was a mess.
Why did she have to be a virgin? Why?! Instead of feeling honored, I felt guilty, like a disgusting bastard taking advantage of a desperate, innocent girl much younger than me.
I wasnt the right man for someones first time.
She would start her sexual life in the worst possible waywith a rough man who might break her, who might make her cry.
Memories of blood between the legs of experienced women flashed through my mind.
Every time I finished, the first thing I looked at was the sheets, searching for tears, bruises on their skin, marks left by my rough hands and claws.
Icouldnt do that to such a beautiful creaturenot for her first time.
I wasnt the right man to take her virginity.
###Chapter 869
---- EXTRA XI.
HOW DARE YOU BETRAY ME? BEOF 1 felt my chest tighten.
Damn it, it hurtthe disappointment and the insecurities I had fought so hard to bury were rising to the surface again.
hated not being a normal wolf.
Why did the Goddess have to make me like this? Soul fell silent, no longer urging me to take her.
He could feel the turmoil in my soul I wont take her for the first time.
This was a mistake," I said, closing my eyes in exhaustion and sighing.
wait, I didnt tell you to discourage you.
If she chose" "You did the right thing by telling me," I cut her off, lifting my head and ending her anxious rambling.
Of course, she must have thought her golden goose was slipping through her fingers.
Pll still pay, dont worry.
You'll get your cut, and she'll get the 10,000 gold coins when you send her.
Ill sign the promissory note, " L said, stepping toward the desk, ignoring the pang in my chest.
you're giving that much money to a girl you barely now without even touching a hair on her head?" She didnt need to say itI could hardly believe it myself.
---- Just goes to show how generous I am," I replied curtly as she filled out the document.
That beautiful woman was so desperate for money that she was willing to sacrifice herself by sleeping with me to get it.
She must have noticed I was a Guardian.
Everyone knew the nobility had resources, so she had thrown out this insane bait.
Maybe someone in her family was sick.
Maybe she needed it for something urgent.
A thousand possibilities raced through my mind.
"Beof, are you sure we won't regret this decision?" Soul asked me ina low voice as I pressed my signature onto the document.
"Tf anything, this was too good to be true," I replied bitterly.
"And what if she stays here and gives herself to another man?" "That would be her problem.
I gave her a chance at a new life, a chance to find a good male she actually loves.
I hope she takes it." alright, in less than three days, one of my servants will come with the money.
Or, if you want it faster, you can go to King Lycans castle with this note to collect it," I said with a frustrated huff.
Pll wait for your servant," she replied with a nod.
My cock had half-softened, hanging low in disappointment.
The urge to fuck wasnt as strong anymore, but I was already here, and who knew when I'd have another night alone without the ---- twins glued to my ass all day? "['ll rent another room anyway.
Send me two of your most resilient girls," I told the madam.
Her twisted expression made it clear she wasnt pleased.
She had just made a fortune for doing nothing, and I was still using the brothels serviceswhat the fuck else did she want from me? "Are you sure about this decision?" "Do you have more girls for me or not?" I snapped.
"Yes, yes, I'll call them for you to see..." "No.
I already told you.
The most resilient ones, thats all that matters." I turned and left, pissed off.
For sinking into a warm hole, a face or a body didnt matter.
Nothing could truly catch my eye anymore, especially now that I had just witnessed perfection.
ed NYX The office door slammed shut.
I stood there, staring at the trembling wood, lost in thought.
Thad to admit, I was surprised at how much Beof was willing to pay for Mara.
###Chapter 870
---- Even with my spell concealing her, the chemistry between their ---- bodies and souls was undeniable But Mara was handling this all wrong.
She was letting her lust lead instead of her brain.
Agreeing to sleep with Beof like that, pretending to be a courtesan without telling him the truthshe was taking this too far! I thought she had already revealed herself to him.
At the very least, if they were going to be intimate, Beof should know who she really was.
They should talk like adults about their bond.
He might not take all this deception well.
He deserved to know that Mara was his mate, not just some common prostitute.
Thats why I made sure to tell him she was a virginso he'd understand she had never given herself to any male before.
The auction story was just to make my tale more believable.
It hurt me a little to see his crestfallen face, so dejected after being so eager.
He even wanted to "help" her leave prostitution.
Talmost felt the urge to confess, but that wasnt my placeit was hers.
I was just playing my part in nudging them toward each other.
Thad predicted his reaction upon learning about her virginity.
That big, tough lycan had a good heart, and what I did would push Amara into taking action.
That she-wolf was brave and determined in so many things, but it was obvious that both of them carried their own insecurities.
---- Those insecurities would either tear them apart or bind them together even more.
od Awhile later, in Amaras courtesan chamber.
"What the fuck did Beof do?!" she roared, baring her sharp canines.
I could see her wolf's aura pulsing around her.
She was furious.
"Lookat the bright side, Amara.
He didnt want to hurt you on your first time.
He thought you were doing it out of necessity.
He was being considerate.
You two should talk" I tried to reason with her.
"Considerate?! He left me here horny as fuck after feeling me up all over, and now hes off screwing other women right in my face!" "Keep your voice down, they might hear" "Let them hear!" she roared, completely losing it.
"That damn lycan is about to learn exactly who I am.
If he dares shove his cock inside another female, Ill cut it off right at the base! She shoved past me, storming out of the room like a whirlwind.
Wearing nothing but a mans cloak over her shouldersand completely naked underneath.
"Uncle Beof, you better use this chance to tame your wild little she- ---- wolf." This brothel was about to burn tonighteither from passion or from a full-blown fire.
###Chapter 871
---- EXTRA XII.
LET GO OF WHATS MINE! BEOF Lying back against the headboard, I watched the two women at the foot of the bed.
Half-naked, they kissed each other erotically, caressing one another, throwing me lustful glances, touching themselves for me with seductive moans...
It should have been a scene that got me hard.
And yet, if I already had trouble getting fully erect every time I came to brothels for sex, now things were even worse.
Tet my hand trail down to my crotch, my cock half-hard from the intense arousal Id built up just minutes ago.
Undoing the buttons, I pulled myself free, but despite the sight before me, my mind was playing tricks.
Mmmnn...
[let out a deep sound, wrapping my fingers around my length.
Normally, I liked watching their reactions when they saw me naked, but tonight, I couldnt care less.
Fuck, all I could think about was her.
Her pale, flushed skin, her pronounced curves, her body moving inside that cage, those thick thighs, those hips made perfectly for my hands.
---- "sshhh..." I imagined myself sucking on the pink peaks of her full breasts.
"Oh yes, baby, yes..." I growled, lost in my mental and physical fantasy.
It was a thousand times more erotic than what was happening in this room.
My rough fist stroked my cock, sliding up and down, spreading the slick precum that dripped from my swollen, red tip.
My fingers could still feel the folds of her pussy Thadnt even seen it, but my filthy mind had already pictured it.
I picked up the pace, my balls tightening, legs spreading wider, my pants bunched up around my thighs.
My biceps flexed with the rhythm of my movements.
"Mmmnn...
I want to fuck you, baby.
Im dying to fill you up...
Ahh, fuck, yes...
more...
so damn tight..." Everything was happening in my filthy imagination.
Thad never been this lost in desire for a female before.
It wasnt my calloused hand gripping meit was her virgin heat, wet and tight, just like I had felt when I explored her with my fingers.
My hips began to move, thrusting up as if I were actually inside her, mimicking the scorching friction.
I"saw" her riding me, those sinful lips close to mine, her delicious moans, that scent I could never quite define.
###Chapter 872
---- Fuck, fuck, I was about to come! Blood rushed up my spine, my balls were tight, ready to make a mess.
I" saw" her begging me with that enchanting mouth to spill inside her, and just as I was about to cross the edge of pleasure, something yanked me back to reality.
What?...
Mmm, no, dont touch me...
wait...
I snapped out of it, feeling hands on my thighs.
At some point, the two women had climbed onto the bed, crawling toward me on all fours, caressing me.
My wolf eyes slit open slightly, catching one of them reaching for my cock, clearly intending to finish the job.
The other was sliding my combat shirt up, trying to strip me.
Frustration hit me hard.
I was about to shove them away, pissed off.
My mind had created something far more erotic than the two of them combined.
Id still pay them for their trouble.
"Dont tou..." Before I could grab the wandering hand heading straight for my dick, the door burst open.
BAM! The whores flinched in fear.
I lifted my head, barely able to believe who stood in the doorway looking murderous.
---- "Its that beautiful female!" Soul didn't even need to say it, I recognized her instantly.
What I didnt process was everything that happened next.
She stormed into the room like a wild beast, her wolfs canines bared, an aura of power surrounding her like Id never seen in any other female.
She lunged at the bed, grabbing the two prostitutes by the ankles and yanking them off, dragging them roughly across the floor before tossing them aside.
Screams and curses erupted instantly.
The bed shook from the force of the violent pull.
"AAAHDh, you crazy fucking bitch!" "What the hell is wrong with you, psycho?!" sat up, sensing the danger growing.
The two women were also wolves, and they didnt take kindly to the attack.
Before Onyx could pounce, they shifted on the spot, their furious animal forms taking over.
"NO! BE CAREFUL!" I roared, unleashing my lycan aura, ready to jump between them.
I thought they would hurt her.
Two against one wasnt fair.
But she didnt need any help.
Holy fuck...
that little virgin, what the hell...
###Chapter 873
---- When the enraged wolves lunged at her, she caught them mid-air by their throats.
Her body shifted faster than a breath, her beautiful face stretching into wolfish features, thick black fur covering her skin, her stature towering over them.
She was standing upright.
"She...
shes a female lycan." Soul was in shock, and so was I.
She bared her deadly fangs and pulled them closer to her snout, unleashing a roar so powerful that the walls trembled.
The two females immediately shifted back to their weakest forms, their necks bleeding where her sharp claws had dug in, gasping for air as they dangled in her grasp.
"We won't...
ever touch him again..." "We didnt know...
he was yours..." They sobbed and pleaded.
And me? I stood there beside the bedshirt pushed up to my nipples, pants stuck around my thighs, my cock still rock-hard.
What...
what the hell is all this, by the Goddess? Just as fiercely as she had entered, she dragged them out of the room, pulling them across the floor.
And for the first time that night, I actually felt bad for those poor ---- girls.
###Chapter 874
---- EXTRA XIII.
BETTER ONE THAN BOTH BEOF Her footsteps echoed down the antechamber.
I heard muffled thuds, crieswas she hitting them? My brain was struggling to process everything.
Debating whether to intervene or not, I wasnt even sure what the hell had just happened here.
Thad gone from arousal to disappointment, then back to arousal, only to be thrown into utter shock.
I had no idea how my soldier was still standing at attention.
Ieaned forward, trying to pull my pants up over my thighsat east enough to face the situation with some dignity.
I took a few steps across the carpet, figuring out how the hell I was going to shove myself back into my pants with this damn erection.
Didnt even need to.
The door slammed shut again.
I heard her rushing back through the antechambershe was coming straight back to the room, and my wolf could smell the danger in the air.
Still, I didnt shift.
I wasnt about to attack hernever.
No matter how much of a lycan she was, she was a female.
And I dont fight females, especially not her.
---- Wait, lets talk like civilized people.
I dont know what you thin! wait, fuck!" Tbarely got the words out before she pounced on me like a wild beast, shoving me and throwing me onto the bed.
The frame groaned under our weight.
Straddling me in a feral stance, she snarled, flashing her sharp canines mere inches from my face.
I met her intense blue eyes.
She was furiousI knew that much.
"Calm down, I dont know what...
" She moved closer, forcing me to tilt my head back, exposing my neck.
Never in my life had I been this vulnerable, especially not in front of awoman I barely knew.
Beautiful or not, I was about to push her off to get a word in.
This little challenge of hers wasnt amusing anymore.
But then...
my nose twitched against her fur.
Theard her sniffing me in return.
Doubt flickered in my mind as I sank into the dark collar of her thick pelt: My hands slid up her back, pulling her against my massive frame.
She was heavy, but not nearly enough to crush me.
"she smell: getting lost in the same sensations I was.
incredible.
Mmmm...
mandarin...
shes..." Soul was
###Chapter 875
---- Leven lifted myself slightly despite her growling.
Her heart pounded, her anger shifting into a whirlwind of complex emotions.
Soul dared to step into her inner world, even as her wolf snarled in warning.
She was pissed that Soul had let those females touch me.
"Mate...
youre my mate, little one...
Why couldnt I sense you before? What did you do? Why were you hiding from me, tricking me? Tell me!" Soul faced off against a stunning she-wolf with dark brown fur.
Her piercing blue eyes locked onto him, both challenging and wounded.
"T wanted to test you, to see if youd recognize me! And instead, you chose to fool around with those shameless whores!" I heard her wolfs melodious voice echo in my mind.
"T didnt...
I wasnt going to do anything with them, my female! Beof was the one trying to cool off with them! I was going to retreat into my inner world!" "You fucking bastard!" I snarled at Soul internally, realizing he had just thrown me under the damn carriage.
Better one of us than both," the traitor replied smugly, moving closer to the stunning wild she-wolf before him.
The powerful lycan on top of me continued rubbing her scent all over my neck, marking me.
---- Thad to admit...
[liked her possessiveness, her jealousy.
"Was it really just Beof?" Even she was starting to waver! My wolf swore his innocence, completely throwing me under.
Instead of demanding answers for her deception, I knew I couldnt trust this horny bastard.
I had to save myself.
"You...
you're my mate..." The words finally left my chest, pressing hard against my ribs.
For a moment, I didnt know how to react to this unexpected revelation.
So thats why the attraction was so instant, so intense.
But why had she hidden from us? Now I wanted answers.
Unlike Soul, I wasnt so easily swayed.
Before I could demand she shift so we could talk, she made the choice herself.
The powerful lycan melted away, revealing soft, flushed skin in front of my eyes She stood abruptlycompletely nakedleaving me sitting at the edge of the bed, dazed as hell, more confused than a lettuce ina broccoli salad.
"T know I shouldnt have hidden from you.
I just wanted to surprise you, damn it! To play a little with my mate.
I wanted you to feel something for me, not just be drawn to the bond," she blurted out, words rushing from her lips.
She paced back and forth, babbling, nervous, angry, or something, I didnt know.
###Chapter 876
---- Honestly, understanding women had never been my strong suit.
And from what I had just discovered, the one the Goddess made for me came with the full deluxe package of insanity.
"So asked a friend to help me! But I never thought youd outright reject me! I thought you liked me!" She suddenly whirled around, storming toward the bed.
And I, desperately trying to focus on her words, not on the way her tits bounced right in front of my face.
Look at me, Beof! What's wrong with me?!" She spread her arms, standing completely bare before me.
My fucking consciousness nearly blacked out.
"T thought the fact that I was a virgin would excite you! How dare you reject me just to sleep with those two women?!" She roared again, pure fury, one question after another.
she questioned, answered herself, then kept ranting uncontrollably.
My self-control? Hanging by a damn thread.
Between the sight of the absolute feast she was parading in front of me, her intoxicating scent clouding my sensesI was losing it.
I knew I should be pissed.
Shit, I should be thinking like an adult, having a rational conversation.
She even mentioned names I should probably recognizeI had no ---- fucking clue who she even was.
But my depraved instincts? All they focused on was that ass swaying from side to side.
Would it count as punishment if I bit into it and gave it a proper spanking? No, no, no, Beof, focus.
###Chapter 877
---- EXTRA XIV.
PROVE IT TO ME BEOF "shes crying, Beof.
Damn it, shes Regent Elliots daughter.
Her wolf told me.
Shes the daughter of that womanKatherine Everhart." My wolfs words yanked me out of my erotic fantasies.
Faint memories surfaced of the one time I met that sorceress, and how I swore never to go near her again.
Thad always thought she could be my second-chance mate, and I didnt want problems.
But I never imagined I had recognized my mate's faint scent even before she was born.
Though, knowing now that she was a powerful and rare female lycan, it wasnt all that surprising.
I finally stood up, half-dressed, watching her soft, trembling back.
Now I was the one feeling nervous...
and even guilty.
Fuck, I hadnt even scolded her yet! "Its alright, little one, dont cry.
Dont crywe can talk about this.
You should have told me from the start..." Treached out to touch her shoulder.
Goddess, the closer I got, the more intoxicating her scent became.
The silhouette of her naked body was too tempting.
My brain tried ---- to be rational, but my heart and instincts pushed me to take what was mine.
Before my fingertips could touch her skin, she suddenly turned, catching me off guard, and pressed herself into my arms, wrapping her arms tightly around my waist.
Her soft hair rested under my chinnever had a woman reached that height before.
The firm swell of her breasts crushed against my tense muscles, my cock trapped against her warm belly.
My hands hovered stiffly in the air, my whole body rigid, sweat breaking over my skin as I tried to hold back.
"Do you not like me? Tell me the truth, Beof.
Are you only attracted to me because of the bond? What do you really think of me?" She lifted her face, her damp eyes locking onto mineso tender, so fucking tempting.
I swallowed hard, placing my hands on her shoulders just to do something, anything, other than stand there like an idiot.
"T've waited for you for so long...
Ive known for years that you were mine.
Why didnt you ever come to my home? It always felt like you were avoiding my family." And she was right.
I had been.
But Id rather die than mention the confusion with her mother.
"I...
[had a lot of responsibilities at the castle...
I never imagined my mate was in the Elemental Realm," I muttered, fumbling for an ---- excuse, my brow furrowing.
"If you knew about us, why didnt you come to the castle and introduce yourself? Why all this deception, little one?" "My name is Amara.
Thats my name.
You dont even know my name." Her voice wavered, anger and pain laced in every syllable.
"You...
you chose to sleep with them over me.
I was going to give myself to you, to confess everything.
But I guess Im not what you expected, huh?" She made to pull away.
I could feel her sadness, her anger, her disappointment swirling together.
T was the one who was supposed to be pissed off here! "Yes, I like you, but wait, Amara..." I grabbed her by the arms.
The smartest thing to do would be to step back.
Having her this exposed in front of me, this vulnerable, only worked against me.
when I found out you were a virgin, I thought you were doing this out of desperation.
I didnt want to hurt you, so I figured d get my release with those women.
It was just sex, nothing more!" Tadded quickly at the dangerous flash in her eyes.
Fuck, I felt like a cheating husband.
"T even left the money for youto help you." I looked into her eyes, drowning in that endless blue.
###Chapter 878
---- By all the heavens, she was breathtaking.
I still couldnt believe the Goddess had created something this exquisite just for me.
"Prove it to me.
Her response threw me off.
I didnt even understand what she meant at first.
"Prove what to you? If I had known you were my mate, none of this would have happened.
I was even willing to pay a fortune just to have you" "Then prove to me that you actually want me.
Money doesnt convince meI know you're rich.
Show me that youre not thinking about those women, or any other.
Mate, you were unfaithful.
Im angry, Beof.
I dont believe you." "Amara, I have no reason to lie to you, just hold on a second" I sighed in frustration at this impossible back-and-forth.
She was driving me crazy! When the fuck did women become this complicated? "Prove it to me, my mate.
Now that you know who Iam, that Im still a virgin, are you going to reject me for my own good, too?" Her words burrowed deep into my mind.
She was forcing a decision out of me.
Any other male would be ecstatic to find a mate like her so young, so beautiful, a powerful lycan.
She could handle my intensity.
I had already seen her strength firsthand.
But the ghosts in my mind created a barrier, trapping me ---- in my own fears.
What if I hurt her? Twould never forgive myself.
Not her.
Amara wasnt just another nameless body in my bedshe was my fated mate.
"Beof..."" Her expression darkened.
My hesitation was hurting her.
Maybe if I showed her what she was getting into with me...
Soul roared at me not to be a fucking coward, swearing that hed fight me himself if I let her go.
But the final blow came when I saw a single tear roll down her cheek.
Her warmth against me began to fade.
She stepped back, head lowering.
In that moment, I forgot she had lied, that she had pulled me into this twisted scheme.
Driven by my most primal instincts, I grabbed her waist, yanking her against me so she couldnt pull away.
My fingers clutched her chin, tilting her face up to meet mine.
"D'm going to show you just how much I want you.
Raw, unfiltered, exactly as I am." I whispered against her parted lips.
"You're in control, Amara.
Every step of the way.
And if, in the end, you dont want to be bound to a beast, Ill understand..." My voice dropped lower, raspier.
"And even if it kills me...
Ill set you free." Then I lowered my mouth to hers, crushing my lips against hers ---- desperate, starving for her, devouring her.
This wasnt just the mate bond.
I wanted this woman in every way imaginable.
Iwanted to know everything about herwhat made her sigh, what made her laugh, what made her tremble.
And deep in my soul, I prayed that this wasnt some cruel illusion.
That the Goddess hadnt lifted me to the heavens...
only to shatter my dreams into dust.
###Chapter 879
---- EXTRA XV.
TESTING MY MATE AMARA "Baby, breathe through your nose...
that's it, just like that, little one, no rush, Amara..." His deep voice rumbled above my ragged breaths, my own heartbeat pounding in my ears.
1 lifted my gaze through my hazy vision to see his handsome face up closeso fierce and sexy.
The scent of his pheromones reminded me of a rainy forest, fresh and intoxicating.
I loved rainy days His dominant body covered mine once more.
It was the first time I had ever felt this small, my back pressed against the wall, my mouth once again being deliciously devoured.
His tongue played with mine.
My first kiss happened right there, when his lips molded against mine, and I had craved it ever since.
All my anger burned away in the fire of my arousal.
I was burning up, desperate for him to touch me more, to do everything he came to do in this brothel room.
"Beof..." moaned his name, feeling him move lower down my neck, exhaling against my collarbone, his large, rough hands gripping my ass, spreading it apart as he loomed over me.
The obscene, wet sound coming from my pussy was making me turn as red as a tomatothere was no way he couldnt hear it.
Would he notice how nervous I was? That I wasnt as confident and seductive as I had tried to make him believe? ---- Now that my rage was dissolving into the desire I felt for this male, my nervousness, my inexperience...
was rising to the surface.
"Aahhhh!" I moaned like a whore, tossing aside any dignity when my breasts were cupped and that hot mouth started sucking on me.
Tlooked down to see him feasting on my tits, kneading them between his fingers.
He squeezed them together, alternating between licking the hard, sensitive peaks.
Inever thought it could feel so damn good to be eaten like this.
Biting my lip, I tried to stifle my moans, my claws digging into his broad shoulders.
"shhh...
don't hold back...
Mmm, Amara, moan for me...
Baby, fuck, I fucking love you, baby...
Mmm, such perfect tits...
Grrr...
Mmmnn .." he growled filthy words before latching his lips onto me again.
His wolfish eyes looked up at my burning face, making sure I saw how he was sucking on my breasts.
My legs trembled, my core throbbed, aching to be touched again by his rough hands.
I clung to his tense muscles like an anchor, trying not to fall apart.
Just when I thought I had already experienced something too good, Beof showed me another pleasure of intimacy.
I watched him leave my breasts, marked with red stains from his lips and hands.
A wet trail of saliva slid down my sweaty skin.
Mmm...
I arched forward when he dipped his tongue into my navel.
###Chapter 880
---- Shhh...
I didnt even know that spot was sensitive.
He was on his knees, gripping my hips, and I knew exactly what he intendedto repeat those eager licks from my upper body, but this time in the place that was dying for his attention.
It's...
wait, Beof, you dont have to do that..." Suddenly, I felt really shy.
Where the hell was the Amara who had climbed onto that stage to dance like a harlot?! T guess it was easier knowing that no one could actually see me because of Nyxs spell, but now...
he was about to see everything, up close! I was torn between dying of embarrassment or just giving up the bullshit and begging him to suck me like I really wanted.
"I dont have to...? Grrr...
more like Im dying to..." He brought his nose to my core, pressing the tip against my clit 1 felt his hot, erratic breath, inhaling my scent like an addict hooked on the aroma of my pussy.
His own scent was shifting, turning darker, wilder.
He wanted me just as much as I wanted him.
His thumb pressed against my mound, pulling my slit upward.
I watched as his tongue slipped out, running a slow, lustful lick along my entire crease My thighs clenched, my ass tensed, and I gasped, turned on beyond belief.
---- spread your legs, baby," he commanded mercilessly, looking up at me with those beastly, ravenous eyes.
In my mind, my wolf moaned.
Fuck, she was tangled up with her mate, and here I was acting all hesitant.
"I...
[ean pleasure you too, Beof..."" "Baby, you have no idea how much its gonna please me to eat your untouched little pussy...
Spread your legs, Mara, Im gonna show you just how much pleasure I can give you..." And with that lust-filled promise, I obeyed.
My legs parted.
The wetness spilled between my folds, soon mixing with the saliva of my lycan.
"aahh..." [moaned as I felt him spread me open with his fingers, inhaling deeply between my lips before dragging out that delicious, slick tongue.
The tip of it traced my entire pussy, up and down.
Beof's hands gripped my hips and ass, holding me in place, forcing me to tilt forward while his mouth drowned me in pleasure.
I could feel his breath, the wet sounds of him sucking my clit, swallowing my arousal.
He nibbled on my swollen pink petals, tugging them between his canines, sending sinful shivers up my spine.
He kissed my pussy the same way he kissed my mouth.
---- I found myself leaning against the wall, lifting the tip of my foot onto one of his knees, spreading myself wider for his relentless, skilled fingers masturbating mefast, merciless, intoxicating.
I lost my mind when he stopped licking my dripping entrance and circled that forbidden, dark hole.
"No...
no, Beof, not there...
its dirty...
Aahhh..." "GGnrr...
Dirty is exactly what I want to do to your body, Amara...
Shhh...
you have no idea what you're awakening in me, woman.
Mmm...
More...
Moan more!..." And I did.
I screamed like a real whore as he ate my pussy.
I rode his face, grinding my heat against him, my hips moving on their own.
My claws dug into his strong shoulders, my breasts bouncing with every eager motion.
1 looked down and got lost in the filthy, breathtaking sight of my mate pleasuring me on his knees.
Our hazy eyes locked.
I couldnt take it anymore.
I came with a guttural roar, spilling myself so fucking good while his tongue lapped up every drop of my honey.
###Chapter 881
---- EXTRA XVI.
THE MOST SACRED GIFT AMARA The obscene sounds had long since filled the room.
Beof panted over my clit, his mouth open against my sex, his Adams apple bobbing up and down.
I could feel his beastly canines growing, but he always made sure not to hurt me.
Staring at the ceiling, my whole body trembled, still lingering in the blissful haze of my orgasm.
But my horny lycan had grown tired of playing.
Suddenly, I felt myself being lifted.
"Aah, Beof!" his narrow waist.
gasped, clinging to him, wrapping my legs around His massive muscles set me on fire, those tattoos blending into his skin...
We kissed again, his lips stained with my taste.
It felt strange and filthy.
Tlet him slide his tongue into my mouth, tangling it with mine.
"amara...
Mmm..." My name on his lips sounded like pure glory.
How many nights had I dreamed of him? How many times had I touched myself imagining it was Beof? He sat me on his lap, straddling him, as he pulled his shirt over his, ---- head and broad shoulders.
I felt him kicking off his pants.
That hard length instantly settled between my folds, making me sigh.
By the Goddess, he was huge.
It looked aggressivethick, veined, throbbing, the head red like a ripe strawberry, and mmm...
loved strawberries that tasted like rain.
I moaned in my mind, soaking his manhood even more.
I wasnt scareddamn, I was so fucking turned on.
And even if it hurt, my repressed virgin self wanted to take that cock whole, even if I cried afterward.
"Move on me...
shhh...
just like you did with my mouth, baby, grind on my cock, its all yours, Amara...
forever...
shhh..." he urged, voice dripping with lust.
His hands gripped my ass, forcing me to move over him, rubbing our sexes together.
Ah, ah, fuck, yes, just like that, baby, just like that...
Aahh, Goddess, so fucking good, faster, baby, more...
shhh...
Amara...
Amara..."" We lost ourselves in the friction.
Beof roared, and I moaned, kissing each other like mad, my breasts rubbing against his pecs, the bed creaking beneath us.
His rough hands commanded me to ride him, and I followed instinctively, driven by my darkest desires.
Beof fell backward onto the mattress, leaving us almost lying down.
His cock moved too fast, teasing me at all my sweetest spots.
---- at once.
I felt his hand at my core, exploring, groping, spreading me open.
The other hand grabbed that massive shaft, aiming it at my entrance.
"Amara, this is your last chance to say no, baby...
mmm...
after this, there's no going back...
I wont be able...
to stop...
Fuck, I dont even know if I can now...
shhh..." The tip nudged between my folds, and I immediately felt the stretchwider than anything Id ever known.
T moaned into his lips, though not from pain...
not yet.
"T want to be yours, Beof, my love.
I want to be your mate..." 1 cradled his strong face in my hands, obsessing over the short beard, those sensual lips, and the intense blue eyes that told me so many things.
"You're already mine, sweetheart.
I couldnt let you go even if I wanted to." He kissed the tip of my nose, and my soul melted at his tenderness.
"You're in control, Amara.
Forget about meyour pleasure is mine.
I want you to violate me, to use me and satisfy yourself...
mmmnnn...
punish me for not choosing you...
shhh...
fuck my cock without mercy...
Gggrr...
so tight..." His words ignited my ear, distracting me as his length pushed forward.
Mmmm...
My lips trembled, my body adjusting to the overwhelming intrusion.
###Chapter 882
---- He had only pushed in the tip, sliding in and out of my stretched out cunt.
Beof kissed me slowly.
He was tenseI could feel itall his muscles ready to explode, but he didnt rush me.
He waited, patient and controlled.
And before I knew it, I was taking that strawberry whole.
"Shhh...
aahhh," I hissed in pleasure.
I watched him lie back on the bed, my eyes devouring himthis stallion that was mine.
His hands never left my hips, guiding me, teaching me.
Soon, I moved on my own, rocking against him, touching my breasts, pinching my nipples like he did.
His hands replaced mine, my mouth never stopping its moans as I swallowed that slick, swollen strawberry deep inside me.
My ass suddenly pushed back, taking in a bigger chunk of his cock, and the pain shot through me at our point of connection.
Fuck, it didnt feel good anymore.
Mmm...
it hurt a little...
Could I just suck on the tip? But when I saw the sweat rolling down his temple, his clenched teeth, his desperate panting and growling, his gaze locked onto where we were joined, the tremor in his hands...
I knew I couldnt keep torturing him.
"Beof, I dont know..." I laid my body over his strong chest, kissing him softly.
"Do it...
I dont...
I dont know how..." ---- Beof only stared into my eyes before kissing me with deep, raw passion.
Then I felt his hips begin to roll upward, setting the rhythm.
My world spun, and suddenly, he was above me.
His weight dominated mine, my legs spread open like a harlot, taking him deep inside.
Suddenly, the pressure became unbearable.
I forced myself not to clamp my thighs together and beg him to stop.
My sharp scream was swallowed into his throat as his cock tore through my hymen in a single, brutal thrust.
His arms caged me, holding me close, whispering against my lips, soothing me, licking away my tears, rocking into me slower, sensual, taking my innocence for himself.
"Mara, Im sorry...
'm so fucking sorry for hurting you...
Look at me, little one.
Amara, look at me..." he called, my blurred vision struggling to focus, swallowing the lump in my throat, my core aching, the scent of blood reaching my nose.
"This is the most sacred thing Ive ever been given," Beof confessed in a deep, husky voice, panting "Twill treasure it forever, my mate.
I will protect you with my life, my lycan...
You are mine...
mmm...
Mara, you are mine..." "Beof..." I whispered through my tears, trying to relax, surrendering to my man as I had dreamed so many times before.
The massive lycan moved over me, our silhouettes overlapping, ---- sweaty, his hips rolling as he made love to me.
My body slowly adjusted to the pain, the blood, the fluids, helping him slide deeper between my folds.
We held each other and loved each other.
Beof had so much patience with me.
1 felt that enormous cock pumping inside my pussydeeper, stretching me wider, driving me insane, turning my pain into something else.
The ache became discomfort, then a burning sensation...
and finally, a tingling pleasure that I was starting to love far too much.
###Chapter 883
---- EXTRA XVII.
TIED TO YOUR HEART AMARA Irelaxed and surrendered to the pleasure, the wet, obscene sounds of lovemaking filling the room.
My mind spun, hot and intoxicated with lust.
Digging the tips of my toes into the mattress, I spread my legs wider and arched my back, feeling the weight of his pelvis slamming into mine.
"Beof...
ahhh!" "You like it? Sshhhh...
mmm...
ggrr.." His thrusts became rougher.
His claws dug into my hips as he lifted his tattooed torso, and I watched his powerful body moving with raw vigor, muscles flexing aggressively, glistening with sweat.
He drove his cock in and out to the hilt, his heavy balls, rhythmically slapping against my ass.
"Tell me, Mara! Mmm...
do you like being fucked by your mate?!" "Yesss!"" I moaned like a slut, unable to hold back, writhing on the bed.
"If it's with you, I love everything...
Aahhh...
So good, my mate ...
feels so fucking good..." "ssshh, woman, youre driving me insane.
Turn around, baby, come on, it's time to mount you like a she-wolf." ---- Suddenly, Beof stopped.
I felt the dark command in his voice, but I obeyed without hesitation.
I watched him pull out that monstrous length, slick with cloudy and red-tinted fluids.
Tturned and got on all fours for him, mimicking a mating stance, an untamed instinct taking over my reason.
A weight settled against my back, pressing my breasts into the sheets.
I felt the tickle of his beard on my nape.
Hold onto the headboard, Mara.
You wanted it all, so Im going to give you everything, baby..." And instead of being scared...
I almost came.
I clutched the iron bars, trembling with anticipation.
Beof spread my ass, tracing his fingers along my slick folds.
I moaned impatiently, and soon, I was swallowing that swollen strawberry and the thick stem behind it.
"Aahhhh!" I groaned deeply as he impaled me, rough and deep.
" Oh, yes, yesss, give me more...
right there..." My belly quivered with each rapid, savage thrust.
Tarched my back, lifting my bouncing ass.
I was discovering something too shameful, and I think Beof realized it too.
His roughness, the way he fucked me like a beast in heat, turned me on like crazy.
My lycan side was delirious with pleasure, reveling in being dominated against the sheets.
###Chapter 884
---- I wouldnt last long in this position.
My temperature soared, the ---- bed rocked violently, creaking with every thrust.
Thad no idea if anyone could hear usI couldnt think about that, especially not when his tongue started licking my nape, his heavy breaths hot against my skin, his intentions crystal clear.
Our wolves intertwined, merging in body, seeking to unite in soul.
"I, Beof Wolfram, claim you as my precious mate, Amara Everhart.
I vow to protect you forever, my love, to treasure you within my soul.
I never imagined the Goddess would create someone so perfect for me.
Every second of waiting was worth it." His sincere words poured into my heartthe heart that had longed for him even before I was born.
"Taccept, my Beof.
I, Amara Everhart, accept to be your mate forever and the mother of your pups." With the ritual words spoken, the bond of fate enveloped us, sealing forever as my lycan bared my nape, submissive, eager.
His wolf did the same in our minds.
With a guttural roar, I shattered into a thousand pieces, experiencing an overwhelming release.
Feeling his final thrusts shatter my sanity, his hot seed shot deep into my core, filling me so much that it overflowed, sliding down my thighs.
"Aahhh, Beof, my Beof..." I moaned, eyes rolling back.
I felt him swell even more inside me as he came like a wild beast, marking me.
The knot stretched me to the brink between pleasure and sinful pain.
---- Beof growled like an animal, panting heavily, driving himself deeper, unloading his thick cum, flooding me with his creamy release.
His body shifted into Soul, mine into Legna.
The weight made the beds frame trembleuntil it gave way.
BAM! "AAAHH!" I screamed, safely wrapped in his arms.
We crashed onto the floor, shaking the entire room.
This was the second floor...
so, sorry to whoever was underneath us.
The scent of blood pulled my attention again, sharp and intense the very essence of my mate.
Topened my mouth and bit into his wrist, drinking from his vein.
Both in our lycan formshis fur white as snow, mine black as night.
This was crazy, wild, and completely ours.
I claimed him, sinking my sharp canines into his flesh, hearing his spirit wolf's melody in my mind.
"Mara, I love you so much.
Im sorry, little one." Soul whispered within me.
"I know you've been waiting for us.
We will make it up to you, I swear we will.
Every second of our lives belongs only to you, my beloved mate." "soul..." A lump formed in my throatI was so happy.
Our lycans were in control now.
I felt the deep, boundless love in my mates heart, all his insecurities fading with my acceptance.
###Chapter 885
---- "My body was made for you, Beof.
I love your rough, even aggressive nature.
I burn with desire for you to take me with that massive cock and make me your woman.
Because all your muscles are hugeincluding your heart.
Thats the biggest of all, the most beautiful of all...
and it belongs only to me." We spent the night making love and wrecking the room.
answered every kiss, every touch, every time he took metender and rough, loving and passionate.
I collapsed, exhaustedeven with my lycans strength, I nearly passed out several times.
This horny wolf was insatiable, but I loved it.
On the mattress, the broken bed lying on the floor, Beof wiped a damp cloth over my body, cleaning the creamy mess he had sprayed over me from head to toe.
"Baby, tomorrow were going back to your realm.
I need to talk to your parents, tell them Im your mate, that you'll be living with me." His words reached me through my sleepy haze.
"What?" I snapped awake instantly.
"Oh, by the Goddess, my dad is going to be furious..." I bit my lower lip nervously, reality crashing down.
Amara, tell me exactly what you did.
Dont stutter, no, no...
speak clearly.
Tell me from the start did your parents not know you were coming to find me and that I was your destined mate?" He stared at me, frowning, those blue eyesmy weaknessboring into me.
---- Oh, my bald alpha...
how do I explain this mess without making you mad? Would playing dumb work? Or should I pull out some crocodile tears to soften him up? "Pll explain everything properly, but first, clean me up here something really sticky is dripping out..." I turned over, acting clueless, getting on all fours, showing him my reddened ass from his groping and spreading my sex, full of his seed.
"Amara, we are having an adult conversation...
turn around!" Beofs gritted voice came from behind me, pretending to be stern but I could smell his arousal.
My fierce lycan, you better start getting used to things happening when and how I want them.
This isnt a democracy, dear, Im in charge here.
"Mmmm...
yesss, clean me up properly first, then we'll talk." In the end, he gave in, just as I had coldly calculated.
"Why dont you ditch the cloth and use your tongue instead?" eee NARRATOR While Beof slowly came to terms with the fact that he would be" whipped" by his matebut a happily whipped man, bought with sweet, sinful sexthings werent going well in the De La Croix ---- estate...
"D-Dad...
what...
what are you doing here?" Lavinia stammered, breaking into a cold sweat as she saw none other than Elliot Everhart himself appear in the hall.
"Why, Lavinia? Cant I drop by to check on my daughters?" The moment Elliot found her aloneand clearly nervoushe knew his instincts hadnt failed him.
###Chapter 886
---- EXTRA XVIII.
PLAN FAILURE NARRATOR "I cant smell the pup anywhere," Vorath growled in his mind.
"Of course, Father, this is your fiefdom, you can come whenever you like." Lavinia forced a nervous smileGoddess, she was sweating buckets.
What was her father doing here?! And worse, without the tamerlike a dog without a leash, or more accurately, a lycan without his mate to keep him in check.
"Where is your sister? Call her." Elliot removed his travel gloves, and the butler took his heavy cloak.
We're all going to have lunch together.
Your mother and I were handling business at the Lycan King's castle and decided to stop by "And Mom? Where is she?" Lavinia immediately glanced behind her like a prisoner searching for amnesty.
Everything was easier with her mother around! What's wrong, Lavinia? You seem very nervous.
I asked you a questionwhere is Amara?" Elliots words came through gritted teeth.
Rage simmered in his veins.
If this was what he suspected, all hell was about to break loose.
Amara had always been obsessed with the idea that she was ---- destined for a lycanmore specifically, that savage with the shaved head.
He had once saved Katherine in the past, yet they never even had the chance to thank him.
The man would see them and flee as if they carried the plague He had never shown the slightest interest in their family, much Jess in Amara.
And that wasnt even considering the rumors Elliot had heard about that Guardian.
Ifhe had hurt his little girlor worse, taken advantage of his.
innocent puphe was going to beat him to death.
"Dad, Amara...
well, she..." "Uncle Elliot!" Lyras melodic voice rang behind the lycan, who was critically inspecting his eldest daughter.
He buried some of his anger and turned to greet the Alpha.
"Lyra, little one, its been a long time." Elliot managed a slight smile at the platinum-haired she-wolf who embraced him.
Lyra had such a noble natureshe could tame even the fiercest beast, and Elliot was no exception.
"Uncle Elliot, we sent the other girls to run some errands in town.
You know how introverted Nyx is and how wild Victoria can be Amara went with them." Lyra smiled sweetly.
She immediately saw Elliots frown ease.
That was her secret weaponwords laced with charm, slipping ---- into minds and enchanting senses.
###Chapter 887
---- Her mother always said she was more of a witch than her siblings, despite being born an Alpha wolf.
An innocent, angelic face, when used well, was the most lethal weapon of an intelligent woman.
"Well, then I'll send someone to fetch them..." "We'll go, Dad! Dont worry, we were about to head out anyway.
Stay and get lunch sorted.
And wheres Mom?" Lavinia knew this deception wouldnt last longthey needed to call Amara immediately.
"Your mother is coming in the carriage with the Royals.
We're all having dinner together." Elliot answered, watching her closely, though he didnt admit he had galloped ahead just to catch them off guard.
He knew Lavinia wellshe was hiding something.
He didnt completely buy the story, but since Lyra said it, and she was a sensible pup, he let it gofor now.
So they left to find the others," when in reality, they ran toward the forest with the clear intention of using the pendant to call Amara.
However, things didnt go according to Lavinias plan.
And out of all possible outcomes, the worst one happened.
Before they could summon Amara, she beat them to it...
---- see Several leagues away from the De La Croix fief, Nyx wandered through the forest surrounding the town.
The sun was climbing higher in the sky.
She ventured deeper, seeking the shadows cast by the towering trees.
Specters despised the light, so she pressed on until she reached the oldest, thickest part of the woods.
The branches wove together, creating a space of pure darkness.
She sliced her palm and, with a bloodied finger, traced a familiar symbol onto the bark of an ancient oak.
Then, she waited.
Immediately, the air shifteda dark mist slithered between the gnarled roots, rustling the bushes like an ominous wind.
The shadows thickened, the air grew heavy, the sun dimmed behind the clouds, and a patch of lush grass began to rot and liquefy into a pool of black tar.
A silhouette emerged from the ground, rising until it hovered before Nyx.
"Summon your master.
I wish to speak with him." She commanded with sharp authority.
Everyone feared the specters.
Even though they were supposedly ---- under controlUmbros' hatred no longer existedthat didnt mean they were pleasant creatures.
Through the veil of dark magic, jagged teeth curled into a grin.
A chilling, macabre chuckle echoed from the ethereal being.
"] said summon your master! Obey!" she snarled, releasing her Selenian magic.
But despite inheriting the corrupt magic of her father, the light magic of Sigrid still burned within her.
The specter tilted its head, the eerie grin stretching wider.
Blood-red eyes gleamed with hunger beneath the hood.
###Chapter 888
---- EXTRA XIX.
WE HAVE TO GO BACK! NARRATOR She couldnt control them completely not without a fight.
They didnt fear her; rather, the light within her called them, luring them to devour her.
Nyx hated every time she had to deal with these creatures.
She couldnt understand how her father and brother could coexist with such abominations.
Summoning her Lightning Blade, she prepared to put the specter in its place.
These beings only understood power.
But just as she was about to take a step forward..
"'Thats enough." Acold voice echoed from within the shadowy specter, making it screech in agony.
It wasnt laughing so much anymore.
Oh no, the master caught me fooling around! I just wanted to play with the little light! Nyx watched as two hands emerged from the specters stomach, tearing the entity open as if ripping through nonexistent flesh.
The shriek made her cover her ears, and suddenly, the swirling darkness dispersed, revealing a young man stepping out from within the spectral being.
"T hate when you do this." Nyx scoffed at the dark-haired man, irritated.
---- His messy, shoulder-length black hair, lean yet powerful physique, and piercing golden eyes gleamed with the cunning of a fox.
"If you hate me so much, why do you keep calling me? I was busy.
Laziels voice carried nothing but boredom as he eyed his sister.
He had been in the spectral realm, experimenting with some of Uncle Zareks dead.
Far more entertaining than whatever nonsense Nyx had to say.
"You're always busy, Laziel.
The busiest person in the whole damn world." "And?" Laziel didnt even blink.
Nyx clenched her teeth.
Damn her siblings! Lyra, the holier-than- thou, and Laziel, the smug bastard of the specters.
She couldnt even argue with him! The sky could be falling, and he would still be calmer than their fathereven though Silas was already unnervingly emotionless.
Was anyone in their family normal?! "Fine.
[need you to help us teleport to the De La Croix fief." At Laziels raised brow, she had to keep explaining.
"Yes, yes, I know Lavinia is there, but her portals cant transport so many people at once.
And now, on top of that, Uncle Beof and the twin uncles are with us." "And why dont you all take a carriage like normal people?"
###Chapter 889
---- "Oh, for fucks sake, Laziel, dont mess with me!" Nyx nearly twitched, forcing herself to breathe.
She had to admitwhen it came to negotiating with their brother, Lyra was the best...
though Nyx would never admit that to her face.
Look, we need to get there fast.
Amara is Uncle Beofs mate.
Dont do it for medo it for him, so we can plan how to break the news to Maras father." "The Regents were at the palace and left for the De La Croix fief with the grandparents." Laziel dropped the bomb with zero warning no softening the blow, no buildup.
"WHAT?" Nyx instantly knew things were far worse than she had imagined.
They had to leave.
Now.
And they had to get there first.
"Laziel!" alright, alright, 1ll do it.
1ll wait here." He sighed, relenting as he always did with his sisters.
Their father had entrusted him with their protectionhe couldnt fail.
Those two pups were constantly getting into trouble.
Without a care, he strolled over to a tree, sat on the grass, leaned against the trunk, crossed his arms over his chest, and shut his eyes for a nap.
Nyx observed him for a moment.
Sometimes, she envied Laziels ---- confidence.
Nothing ever seemed impossible for him.
She supposed it came from knowing he could command the heavens with his power.
Scoffing, she dashed away at full speed, her vampiric speed pushing her forward until she reached the brothel.
As soon as she crossed the protective treeline, her body shifted into a fine mist, flying up to the second floor, slipping through a partially open window.
Inside Madams chamber, Nyx noted that everything was in order.
The older sorceress remained asleep in her bed.
With luck, when she woke up, she wouldnt remember the trauma of being locked inside her own mindor being "parasited" by another being.
Nyx decided to find Amara herself.
There was no more time for deception.
However, just as she stepped into the hallway leading to the office, she heard hurried footsteps She knew exactly who they belonged to.
The moment the knocks hit the door, she commanded them to enter.
"Nyx, did you already change?" Amara walked in, eyes wide, still not confessing who her accomplices werebut Beof wasnt stupid.
The lycan closed the door behind them and gave the Selenian a deep, knowing stare.
"Just as I thought..."
###Chapter 890
---- EXTRA XX.
A SLEEPING BEAST NARRATOR "Uncle Beof, this...
was to help you find your mate.
Look how happy you both look." Nyx answered with a not-so-innocent smile.
"You and I will talk later.
And every single one of your accomplices Ialready have a good idea who they are.
So, a Madam of a brothel, huh?" Beof still couldnt believe she had lied to his face and even given him advice on top of it! Love, they did it for me.
I was the one at fault..." "There's no time for this." Nyx cut off her friends sappy moment with the Guardian.
The scent of mating was getting to her, making even her wolf uneasy about being too close to the freshly marked pair.
Your parents and mine are heading to the De La Croix fief." With those words, the entire room tensed.
Including Beof, who was now fully realizing just how much explaining hed have to do to his mates father...
for deflowering her in abrothel room, without even offering him a formal greeting.
"L'll go pick up the lycan twins, then I'll track you in the forest.
I won't be long." Beof ushered them out of the brothel, which was only just waking up.
The "workers" gave it their all at night, and by day, they recharged their energy.
---- Before leaving, Beof pressed a deep kiss to Amaras lips.
Dont worry, baby.
I'll talk to your parents.
Everything will be fine." He reassured his mate before heading out.
"Ree...
Vicky will be with the twins," Amara added, offering a sheepish smile.
Of course, because she had to be involved too." Beof huffed apparently, no one had been left out of this conspiracy.
Amara watched his broad, muscular back disappear into the distance, his powerful strides carrying him away.
"Here, this is yours.
You earned it with such hard work." Nyx handed over the promissory note, smirking as Amaras cheeks turned crimson.
"several clients complained last night about the noise.
Good thing I'm not the actual ownerotherwise, you'd have to pay for the rooms damages, you little minx." "Laugh all you want, but I'll have my revenge when you find your mate.
Lets go." Amara grabbed her by the arm and dragged her toward the forest.
"Besides, Beof already left the brothels profit margin, its more than enough." She murmured, mostly to convince herself.
sb Deep in the Forest...
Before long, they reached the heart of the woods, where they ---- found the sleeping beauty.
"Pft, shouldve known.
Laziel still falls asleep anywhere."
###Chapter 891
---- Amara saw him resting peacefully.
It had been a while since theyd seen each other...
and she couldnt resist alittle mischief.
"What the hell are you doing?" Nyx scolded her mentally as Amara crept toward her brother.
Despite being a lycan, she could move like a shadowher steps silent against the grass, pure predator instincts in motion.
"Lets see if he really has eyes in the back of his head." A sly grin stretched across her lips.
Leaning over the "unsuspecting" Laziel, she unsheathed her claws and attacked at full speed.
At this distance, it should have been impossible to dodge.
She didnt intend to hurt him.
She would redirect her strike to the tree trunk at the last second.
However, just centimeters from his pale skin, her wolf claws collided against something hard.
It felt like obsidian steel.
Sparks flew, and before she could react, a shadowy mist materialized out of nowhere, morphing into a clawed hand that seized her wrist ina vice grip.
Amara froze as two golden slits slid open.
Damn it.
He looked like a beast that had just woken up.
---- Every hair on her body stood on end.
"Maybe I dont have eyes on the back of my head, but I do have them in front.
Your lycan wont be too happy about you getting this close to another male." Laziels piercing gaze locked onto hers, his voice echoing directly into her mind.
For a moment, Amara felt like she was staring at a sun filled with a thousand tiny stars.
"Heh, heh, Laziel, as cheerful as ever.
Mind letting me go? I was just waking you up so we could leave." She chuckled, awkwardly.
Yeah...
this had been a terrible idea from the start.
Laziel wasnt the kind of guy you could mess around with.
And his sense of humor? Buried somewhere deep in his third eye...
or his asshole.
Amara rubbed her wrist where the specter had grabbed her.
The redness was already fading.
She knew that Laziel hadnt really seen her as a threatotherwise, she'd be dealing with more than just a light bruise.
"T told you to leave him alone.
Hes best left asleep.
Only his grandmother and mother can put up with him." Nyx scolded her through their ultra-secret mental link.
At least her brother was helping them.
---- "Isnt she your mother too?" Amara teased, now that the bad impression of her "joke" was passing.
Just as Nyx was about to fire back a sarcastic "Laziels adopted" retort, footsteps approached in the distance And soon, four more guests arrived.
"Guys!" Amara beamed at the red-haired twins.
It had been ages since shed seen them.
The twins were constantly off on adventures in the Elemental Realm, leaving more than one elemental girl swooning over them.
Women were no longer as afraid of supernatural beings.
And given that there were more females than males in the Elemental Realm, fresh, muscular meat was always in high demand Amara took a step forward to greet them...
But a deep, threatening growl stopped her dead in her tracks.
###Chapter 892
---- EXTRA XXI.
NO CONTROL NARRATOR Damn, she really was a marked lycan now, and recently, her mate had already been uncomfortable with so many males around her, even though he rationally knew they were neither a threat nor competition.
"Mara, we're really glad to see you and that you turned out to be the mate of the brave Beof," Magnus said, keeping a respectful distance.
The white lycan stepped closer to his mate, wrapping her in a dominant embrace.
His blue eyes carried a subtle warning for the other males.
"Well, and the real party hasnt even started yet," Fenrir added with a mischievous grinhe was the type who loved watching the world burn.
"Did Laziel fall asleep anywhere again?" Victoria glanced past them toward her cousin, who, as always, seemed disconnected from reality.
1'm awake," Laziels cold voice rang out as he got up from the ground, dusting off his black robe embroidered with silver.
No way to sleep with all this damn chatter.
"Come here, my favorite nephew!" Fenrir strode over, grabbing him by the arm and pulling him between him and Magnus.
"Listen up, we need to make sure were not stuck traveling with ---- the big guy who's got his testosterone all over the place, because the last thing your favorite uncles want is to end up with a lycan bite on the jugular, got it?" He grinned animatedly at Laziels stiff expression, who only nodded.
"Did you see that, Magnus? Was that a breeze of a smile I just caught?" He turned to his brotheronly they dared joke like this with Laziel "With that frozen face? What breeze? Not even a damn whisper," Magnus scoffed.
"Our dear Laziel needs to be shoved back into Sigrids womb and pulled out again to see if that fixes him." "Guys, guys! We need to get going now!" Nyx urged, cutting the banter short.
At last, Laziel got to work.
Everyone gathered in a circle with him at the center, the lycan males keeping their distance from the women and Beof.
The early morning sky suddenly darkened as storm clouds rolled over the ancient forest.
The villagers shivered at the icy gusts, looking up in both fear and reverence.
The wind howled through the old trees like the wails of dying souls.
The grass beneath their feet began to wither.
The circle of decay expanded, growing larger and larger until it surrounded them completely.
"Damn, I hate this part," Fenrir muttered, fully aware of what was ---- coming next.
###Chapter 893
---- Laziel had pulled this trick on them before.
The ground began to tremble, turning to sludge, swallowing their legs.
ahi "Don't panic, stay calm, dont fight it, everythings fine," Beof reassured Amara, who had let out a small squeal as the ground beneath her boots gave way.
She clung to Beofs side, swallowing her nerves.
She had never done this before.
Lifting her gaze, she saw Laziel, his black hair swirling like a hundred ravens taking flight, chanting in a low voice.
Suddenly, his eyes snapped open.
Amara flinched slightly.
She had heard that his eyes changed color, but now it seemed as if his sockets no longer held eyesjust an abyss of infinite darkness.
The mist rose, obscuring her vision.
Something swirled around them, frozen and otherworldly.
It was Laziels magic.
Her legs kept sinking, further and further, consuming them all.
The pressure rising to her chest felt suffocating, the inability to move triggering a deep sense of claustrophobia.
---- Amara couldnt imagine what it would be like to be completely submerged in this "swamp." A wave of anxiety crept up her spine, despite the comforting voice of her mate in her mind.
"Dont look up, Amara!" Beof warned her, but it was too late.
She had already lifted her head, and what she saw froze her blood.
A massive specter loomed behind her, leaning in, its deathly hand reaching down to press her head into the consuming darkness AAAHHHHH! The terrified scream echoed through the garden as she emerged on the other side, startling Elliot, who was busy ordering a horse to be saddled.
Lavinia and Lyra had left a little while ago, but something still nagged at him.
After questioning the servants, none of them seemed to have seen Amara since yesterday.
He hurried over just in time to see his daughter sprinting out from between the garden trees, her face filled with panic.
Before he could call out to her, he saw and heard something that made him lose all sense of reason.
"Wait, Mara!" Beof shouted, chasing after herhe hadn't even had time to properly set foot on solid ground before the lycan bolted from his arms, desperately trying to escape.
"T'm never doing that again, not even if Im dead! That was some twisted, macabre shit!" Mara spun around to face her mate.
Goddess! How could everyone be so calm about it? ---- She would rather walk across the entire realm ten times over than step into one of Laziels little portals straight into madness.
"Baby, I dont like it either, but...
MOVE, AMARA!" Beof barely had time to roar at her, lunging forward to push her aside from the rabid beast charging straight at them...
or rather, straight at him.
Damn it, shift, Beof, or hes going to kill you!"
###Chapter 894
---- EXTRA XXII.
FAMILY DISPUTE NARRATOR "No, no, it's her father!" she answered Soul, trying to fix things before they escalated too far.
Beof immediately suspected the attacker's identity, and his wolf also recognized the scent.
But there was a difference between not fighting to the death with his dear father-in-law and letting himself be slaughtered in the garden.
"Listen to me, Regent, I can explaiDAMN IT!" No explanations, no chanceElliot, in his dark lycan form, charged at him like an unstoppable locomotive.
"Papa, no!" Amara screamed, scrambling up from where she had fallen on the grass, watching in horror as her fatherfully transformed into his lycan formwas tearing into her mate, who was enduring every kind of injury in his human form.
She had to step in.
Her father wouldnt listen to Beofs explanations, nor did he seem to care that Beof wasnt shifting out of respect.
She got to her feet, determined to shift and intervene.
"No, no, let them settle their differences.
Thats how males do it," Nyx and Victoria grabbed her.
Everyone had caught up with the situation, but they were standing aside.
Some things had to be done the old-fashioned way.
---- "But hes going to kill him! My father doesnt understand reason like this! PAPA, IF YOU KILL MY MATE, I WILL NEVER FORGIVE YOU!" she screamed, tears brimming in her eyes.
Voraths claws stopped in midair for a second as he looked at her and let out a furious roar.
"YOU BETRAYED ME, AMARA! THIS MAN WILL HURT YOUHE'S NOT FOR YOU!" he roared before resuming the fight.
Beof had rolled on the ground, and the deep grooves left behind by Voraths claws in the earth showed just how close he had been to being torn apart.
His clenched fists collided directly with the beasts, which roared and lunged for his throat.
"[ love your daughter! I came here to ask for her handlets talk like civilized men!" he shouted, now angry, bleeding from multiple wounds.
He would have to transform.
He was strong, but not stronger than Elliot in his lycan form.
With Voraths jaws nearly closing around his throat, Beof dodged to the side and drove his knee with all his strength into the regents ribs, feeling the rush of air escape from his lungs.
He took the opportunity to jump back, but Vorath wasnt going to let him go.
The older lycan tore into Beofs arm, sinking his claws deep before gripping him in a fist and lifting him into the air with raw fury, then hurling him straight into the stone wall of the castle.
###Chapter 895
---- The wind howled in his ears, his arm nearly ripped from its socket.
Beof knew he had to transformor he was going to die.
BAM! His massive body slammed into the cold, hard stone, his bones and joints cracking dangerously.
The back of his head struck the wall, splitting open a wound that left him dizzy.
"1m coming out, damn it! Tam NOT dying now that Ive found my woman!" Soul had been trying everything to get through to Vorath, but the stubborn wolf refused to listen to any explanations.
Through the blood dripping into his eyes and his blurred vision, Beof saw a massive shadow moving toward him at a deadly speed.
It was now or never.
He summoned the change, his muscles bursting, every pore opening as thick white fur erupted from his skin.
He roared, shaking the castle, his canines growing in an instant.
He wasnt going to fight his father-in-law to the deathAmara would never forgive him.
His goal was to knock him out...
if he could But before things could escalate beyond return, a smaller shadow stepped between the two lycans.
Vorath was already lunging at his enemy when a familiar scent hit his nose, and his wild fury froze at the sight of his mate standing ---- right in front of that bald cradle robber.
low far do you two plan to take this absurdity, Elliot and Vorath? " Katherine's cold voice pierced through his senses The Regent and Duchess of Everhart looked like a delicate doll standing before the towering, bloodthirsty beast.
And yet, no one doubted for a second who was truly in control.
"Love, that man abused our daughter! I heard hershe was scared! " Elliot growled, lowering his rage just a notch.
For once, both he and his animal were in complete agreement.
"He didnt even shift to fight you! Look at your daughters terrified face! SHES LOOKING AT YOU, NOT HIM!" Katherine pointed to Amara, who stood to the side, held back by the other women and now also by Queen Selenia.
Her tear-filled eyes stared at her father in reproach.
This was why she had chosen to deceive him and do everything in secret.
Elliot refused to even hear about suitors in the house.
Lavinia was thirty and still single! And he knew his sister had lovers here and there, but their mother had always been the one to cover for her behind their fathers back.
To him, no man was ever good enough for his daughters.
He was a toxically possessive, overprotective father.
"No, Dad, you heard me screaming because of Laziels spellit scared me! Beof didnt hurt me, he would never hurt me..." she ---- explained, her sobs barely contained.
..
[just wanted to protect you...
Kath, this man didnt even come to see her first! He marked her without presenting himselfdoes he think my pup is an orphan?!" Elliot took a small step back, but he was still seething.
"T'm sorry, Regents.
I know I was wrong to take your daughter like that, but she is my mate...
the instinct was stronger than me," Beofs serious voice came from behind Katherine, who turned to him witha sigh.
"But that doesnt mean I dont respect Amara or her parents.
1 marked her, and I will take responsibility for my mate for the rest of my life.
I will protect her." I know very well how persuasive my daughter can be.
I think were all to blame for something here.
The best thing to do is talk like adults," Katherine said, hearing the hurried footsteps of Amara and Lavinia approaching.
###Chapter 896
---- EXTRA XXIII FIRE IN SOMEONE ELSE'S BACKYARD NARRATOR Katherine had run into her eldest daughter and Lyra in the fiefs village, and luckily, Lavinia had spilled everything before they got here.
She hadnt been able to contact her sister and was already starting to panic when she saw her mother...
it was like the heavens had opened, even though she knew she wouldnt escape the scolding.
"Come here and look at the spectacle weve put on in front of the kings.
Elliot, stop being so irrational! And shift the hell back already!" Katherine grabbed her daughters and growled at her husband.
She held onto Amaras wrist the tightest to keep her from running to her mateotherwise, the fight would break out all over again.
The young lycan sobbed in justification, Lavinia tried to mediate, Elliot stood there naked, Beof was practically naked too, bleeding, and mentally scrambling for a defense for the impending trial.
Dear father-in-law, your daughter danced half-naked for me ina brothel, pretending to be a courtesan and was about to sleep with me.
Impossible to resist such temptationthe flesh is weak! Not even with his tongue cut out would he confess to that.
Protecting his mate came above everything else, so he just hoped to make it out of this with his dick intact.
To the side, the royal family watched the situation with mild ---- curiosity.
"Poor Elliot, I actually like that wolf better now.
I consider him" "Darling, arent you supposed to be speaking in favor of Beof?" valeria eyed her king with amusement.
"I mean, hes your friend and the guardian of our Realm." "I dont know, babe, its hard to picka side.
Right now, Beof is reminding me of a certain perv...
" Aldric glanced at his grandsons from the corner of his eye and swallowed the insult meant for their father.
No matter how much time passed, a pup thief was still a pup thief, and Silas would never leave his blacklist.
Not even in death.
Mama, can we eat? Im hungry.
We hunted a deer, but we had to leave it behind," another massive redhead suddenly hugged Valeria from behind, kissing her cheek.
He was a younger replica of his father, who was currently wearing an utterly disgusted expression beside them.
They were already grown adult wolves...
and still clinging to their mother like a pair of babies! Even Sigrid hadnt been this clingy with her own! "Pup, you're always hungry.
We're guests here, do you really think I'm going to start ordering people around like at home?" Valeria stroked her sons short beard, already thinking of how to feed them.
We can hunt again.
Are you hungry, Mom?" Magnus stepped up from the front, kissing the other side of his beloved mothers face.
###Chapter 897
---- She smiled, shaking her head fondly, nearly disappearing between the wall of muscle surrounding her.
Anervous tic twitched in Aldrics eye.
He couldnt wait for someone to come along and steal his sons awaywhoever it was, he didnt care.
He'd personally wrap them up in a gift box and deliver them with a kick to their noble parts.
"Oh-oh, another show is coming," Victoria whispered in Lyras ear, who nodded with a knowing look.
However, once again, the Regent saved the situation.
Your Majesties, Im so sorry.
Vale, please, take charge as if this were your own home, dear.
I need to handle this," Katherine approached, her face full of embarrassment after managing to drag everyone involved into the library.
"Relax, woman, I completely understand, you have no idea how much," Valeria responded, subtly glancing at her man with a classic furrowed brow.
"In fact, I think we're just getting in the way.
We should probably reschedule..." "No, how could you say that? We invited you," Katherine insisted, though in truth, she wasnt in the right headspace to host guests.
Still, she wouldnt dare offend them by asking them to leave.
"Kath," Valeria took her hand, giving her a comforting pat.
"Fix things with your family and invite us to the engagement." Katherine sighed, finally giving in.
That really was the best option.
---- "Beof is a good man and one of my best warriorsloyal and trustworthy.
He will protect your daughter with his life," Aldric spoke sincerely.
"Please, King Lycan, forgive me for taking advantage of your generosity, but...
could you say that same thing to my husband?" Katherine pushed her luck just a bit more, asking the imposing monarch with respect.
"Fine, Pll do it," Aldric nodded, willing to extend a hand to a friend.
Despite the situation, he knew Beof well enough to recognize him as an honorable wolf.
Lycans were incredibly possessive of their mates.
The instinct to mark them overrode all logic, as if they feared that their one, irreplaceable person might vanish from their life if they didnt immediately imprint their essence onto them.
Katherine bid farewell and rushed back inside before punches started flying again.
"Go, love, we'll wait for you at the edge of the fief.
How about we have a picnic in the forest with everyone?" Valeria wrapped her arms around her mans strong neck.
He still looked just as he had the first day she met him...
and now he was even a grandfather.
"Alright, I won't take long," Aldric murmured, lowering his head as he gripped her waist possessively.
His lips captured hers with deep hunger, devouring her like she was a taste of heaven drenched in dark chocolate.
---- "Oh, hell no, Dad, let go of Mom before you suffocate her!" Fenrir was the only one brave enough to exclaim.
"Do you want to get your ass kicked again today? Because Im not stepping in to save it this time," Magnus shot him a look, furrowing his brow in pure Aldric style.
###Chapter 898
---- EXTRA XXIV.
IF THERE ARE NO WILD BOARS, INVENT THEM! NARRATOR Every time I see you, you look more and more like our father..." "Ever heard of the term identical twins, idiot? You look just like him too" "Hey!" "Enough babbling, you two.
Go hunt.
Make sure that by the time I get back, there are at least two fat boars waiting," Aldric ordered, his expression brooding as he approached.
"Boars? Here, Dad?! There are barely any...
" We're going, we'll bring them, Dad," Magnus cut in, grabbing his brother by the collar of his tunic before Aldric could smack him.
Fenrir just asked to get hit sometimes.
It was obvious their father, as always, was sending them away from their mother Selenia, so that by the time they returned from the hunt, he would already be busy with her.
"Laziel, stop right there.
Go help your uncles," Valeria caught him trying to slip away.
That pup was more introverted than a turtle "Mima, I left some experiments unfinished.
The uncles know how to hunt just fine," Laziel responded.
If there was anyone he showed even a shred of warmth toward, it was Valeria.
Then came his mother and great-grandmother, but his ---- grandmother had earned the top spot in his heart.
"No excuses, pup.
You need to get some fresh air," Valeria stepped closer, gently stroking his pale face, which contrasted starkly with his dark hair, His golden eyes locked onto her unyielding blue ones.
He could be the Prince of Specters or whatever title he wanted, but in front of Mima, he would always be Grandmas pup.
"Fine..." Laziel, despite being over twenty, finally gave in.
It was well known that the true head of the Realm and the entire family had always been the Queens Selenia.
This time was no exception.
With everything settled, Aldric went off to save Beofs ass.
Valeria took the girls to find the perfect spot for a picnic with a proper outdoor feast, while the males set out on their hunt.
With Laziel accompanying them, the impossible task of finding boars would be completed much faster.
Part of the royal family enjoyed a delicious meal in the wilderness, filled with laughter and, well...
a few bumps and bruises.
ser A FEW DAYS LATER...
Lavinia stood on the second-floor balcony, overlooking the grand celebration in the palaces back garden.
###Chapter 899
---- The Elemental Realm was in full festivity, the Regents youngest daughter had bonded with her mate.
This secured the continuity of their bloodline.
No one complained about the shift in leadership anymore; Katherine and Elliot had been a million times better Regents than their predecessors.
As for the Specter King...
well, he was as noticeably absent as always.
Everyone considered it normal by now, it only made him seem even more mysterious.
No one would have guessed that he spent his days lazing around with his mate in the so-called "forbidden area," which was nothing more than a hidden cabin in the forest.
Yet, even Silas had shown up for this celebration, along with every member of the royal house.
Of course, the guardians were present too.
Lavinia smiled as she watched everyone hoist Beof into the air, tossing him up in congratulations.
Lively music, dancing, laughter, joyous faces.
Even her father, after a tough negotiationand finally accepting that his daughter was not as innocent as he had deluded himself into believing had to bury the hatchet, because he had no other choice.
Her brother had challenged Beof to a duel to "prove his worth." They beat each other black and blue.
---- Theron, despite being diplomatic, was just as brutally aggressive as Elliot when he lost his temper.
In the end, after black eyes, beer toasts, veiled threats, and even some outright ones, they all returned to being one big happy family with one new member.
Even Amara and Beof agreed to spend time in both realms, ensuring that everyone was satisfied.
Lavinia rested her chin on her hand, watching her sister grinning from ear to ear, dancing with her mate, glowing with that aura only a truly bonded female had.
She sighed, sensing the pitiful glances growing more evident, now that even her younger sister had found her mate before her.
As if finding ones destined mate was that easy, especially for a witch.
In magic, things worked differently; every energy was unique.
Finding someone who resonated with your magical soul was incredibly rare.
###Chapter 900
---- Most witches ended up pairing with sorcerers who could amplify their magic or had something in common with them, even if they weren't destined mates.
Of course, there were also mixed pairings with other races, like her mothers fortunate match.
"[ won't die over it, either," Lavinia whispered, dismissing the thought.
---- Thirty years was nothing in a lifespan of hundreds, and contrary to what everyone assumed, she couldnt care less about finding her mate.
Her sister had always been the romantic one, the one who dreamed of her destined partner.
Lavinia, on the other hand, loved the freedom of doing things alone, of experimenting with her transmigration magic.
She dreamed of traveling to mysterious, incredible places.
Lavinia had a strong feeling that beyond the veil of this world, there were other realms, other beings, other lands.
She could go as far as she wanted, if only her ancestors' research hadnt been left unfinished, It wasnt easy, and she herself was growing frustrated.
suddenly, the obsidian pendant around her neck grew so hot it began burning her skin.
"Shit! What the hell?" She yanked at the chain, checking her chest, where a searing red mark had been left behind.
She looked at the stone, which flickered between multiple colors.
Something was happening! She sprinted toward the tallest tower in the castle, leaning out of the arched window to scan the horizon, her gaze locking onto the mountain pass.
Her instincts screamed at her.
Something massive was about to unfold in that mysterious, uncharted place.
---- I have to go," Lavinia decided on the spot.
"Theres a disturbance.
Some specters are escaping toward the mountain pass.
Im coming with you." Laziels voice suddenly rang behind her, startling her.
###Chapter 901
---- EXTRA XXV.
BAD FEELING NARRATOR He and his weird little quirks.
"What are you doing here, and how do you know I want to go to the mountains?" Lavinia frowned slightly.
"Lwasn't spying on you, if that's what you're worried about.
I was looking for my sisters, and you don't have to be a genius to figure out you're interested in energy fields," Laziel replied, his sharp eyes gazing into the distance, where the sky looked strangely distorted.
"Well, when you put it that way..." I sound like an idiot.
Lavinia twisted her lips a little.
She was supposed to be the eldest here, yet this kid gave off the aura of a thousand-year-old man.
If you're uncomfortable, I'll go alone..." "No, wait, Laziel!" Lavinia stopped him just as he was about to turn his back on her.
"I'm sorry for being so harsh.
I'm just abit anxious about all this, but yes, I'd really like to go with you." With you, it's a million times safer, especially if there are rogue specters around.
"T'll find my sisters first..." "We're already here.
I knew Mom wouldnt take long to send ---- surveillance," Lyra appeared with Nyx and Victoria.
Who knows where those three had been wandering.
"What were you two planning?" Victoria asked curiously, having overheard enough to know they were heading somewhere.
"Oh no, please, let it not be what I think! Lavi, dont give in to desperation!" Victoria was already creating a whole story in her mind, filled with love, hate, and heartbreak "I dont know what youre imagining, Vicky, but erase it right now, " Lavinia shot her a look that screamed, I'd rather die than be interested in your cousin.
Lavinia and Laziel?" Nyx pointed at them, then burst into laughter.
Lyra, standing beside her, covered her mouth to hide her mocking smile.
Unless Lavinia has a death wish, Id recommend she pair up with one of Uncle Zareks dead guys instead.
Theyve got more life in them than my brother." "Girls, dont be so mean," Lavinia muttered, feeling embarrassed before glancing at Laziel, expecting him to be upset.
But, as always, his expression was unreadable...
or more like a blank page.
"Are you done with your nonsense? Go back to the party, Mom probably wants to see you," Laziel told them in a neutral tone.
" Lavinia, Im leaving." He started to walk away, but the trio blocked his path.
###Chapter 902
---- Laziel sighed and stopped.
He knew he wouldnt get rid of them so easily.
They were always getting into trouble, and dragging him along for the ride.
Deep down, despite his bad temper, they had already figured out this specter prince wasnt as indifferent as he pretended to be.
"What?" He gave them a sharp, dangerous look.
"You take us with you, or...
we tell Mom and Grandma..." Nyx said, sounding like a little girl despite the noticeable drop in temperature around them.
"Great-grandma too," Lyra added to her sisters list.
Laziel stared at them, making them squirm under his gaze.
He could leave right now without them stopping him, but that would mean leaving Lavinia behind.
And he wasnt about to let these reckless adventurers wander into those dangerous mountains alone.
"Fine," he finally relented, earning victorious smiles from the girls.
"Lets find a clearer spot to transport." Laziel walked confidently toward one of the towers halls, which was empty.
For a second, he considered telling his father he was taking the girls, but he knew he wouldnt like the idea of them wandering around that territory at this hour.
Even though the biggest threat was the specters, and they feared him.
In the end, recklessness and pride won over the young specter ---- prince.
A Nocturne.
That was what they had called him, after the realm itself.
Anew and different race, born from immense pain and black magic, fused with the purest light.
Laziel gathered the girls around him and summoned his transportation powers to move faster and return quickly.
That was the plan...
But things spiraled out of control in just one moment of carelessness.
ad Amid the celebration, Silas glanced toward a part of the castle.
The tall tower loomed, half-hidden by the shadows of another section of the building.
"Love, what's wrong?" Sigrid approached, carrying a cup of wine.
Silas tookiit, sipping the fruity drink before kissing his wife's delicious lips.
"Nothing, I just thought I sensed Laziels magic," he replied after savoring her for a few seconds, his hand possessively caressing her waist.
Around them, magical flames floated, refreshment stalls were filled with treats, music played non-stop, and laughter and the festive atmosphere surrounded them.
wasnt he going to look for the pups? Hmph, what are they up to now?" Sigrid knew her son well.
Laziel was calm, but he always let ---- his sisters drag him into trouble.
He pretended to be indifferent, yet he ended up indulging them more than she and Silas ever did.
"Looks like he took them somewhere.
Should I go find them?" Silas couldnt quite put his finger on it, but something was stirring in the specters, and he didnt like it.
"No, no, leave them.
They'll get bored soon enough.
Those kids are always hyperactive.
Goddess, no more miracles, three were plenty.
I should consider my poor mother," Sigrid muttered, trying to bea mother who inspired trust, like hers had, instead of constantly smothering her pups.
Although she admired Valeria more each day, she knew motherhood wasnt easy.
"Come, lets dance, my gorgeous mate," she pulled him onto the dance floor, where others were already swaying to the music.
###Chapter 903
---- EXTRA XXVI.
EXTRAORDINARY EVENT NARRATOR Sigrid quickly spotted her parents entwined in a dance.
She watched in amusement as her father whispered something to her mother.
She'd bet anything it was something indecenther father was always so intense, especially when it came to loving his mate and family.
She still remembered when he showed up at the palace with the three pups already in his arms, nearly giving the royal couple a heart attack, and Aldric wanting to kill Silas all over again.
Blaming him for taking her out while she was that pregnanteven accusing him of trying to steal his grandchildren for himself.
Just another typical day in King Lycans castle.
They joined the other couples, chatting, joking, and having a good time.
Uncle Zarek, you're still murdering the rhythm! You're a musical assassin!" Sigrid teased her mentor.
Only she dared to do that.
Between Zarek, Silas, and Laziel, it was a toss-up who could move their facial muscles the least in a day.
"sigrid, dont be mean! Ive been trying to convince him to dance with me for half an hour," Celine held onto him tighter to stop him from escaping.
Sure, hed stomped on her feet about twenty times, nearly giving ---- her an ingrown toenail, but she still adored dancing with her mate.
"Just wait until you end up back in my experimental dungeons, pup.
The one who laughs last laughs best," Zarek gave her a disdainful look, not caring about Silas exasperated expression or, for that matter, King Lycans.
Sigrid stuck her tongue out at him like a child.
It didnt matter if she was ten or hundreds of years old, whether she had three kids or twentyshe always acted like a brat around her elders.
So many generations together, such a big and united family.
valerias heart could finally rest in peace.
"I'm going to check on Mom.
She had a headache and went with Quinn," she told Aldric.
"TIL go with you," the King Lycan took her hand, and together they disappeared into the palaces inner quarters.
Meanwhile, the dance continued, and Sigrid laughed heartily at her favorite uncles drunken dancing.
Silas watched her, taking in every detail of her beautiful smile.
He loved seeing her so happy.
However, something still nagged at him.
He squeezed his mates hand, soothing his unease a little.
Laziel was incredibly powerfulSilas would even dare say more than himself because he was born from an extraordinary Selenia.
The greatest threats in this world were the specters, and Laziel led them.
###Chapter 904
---- Silas figured he was probably overthinking things.
He trusted his sons sense of responsibility; he would never put his sisters or anyone else in the family in danger.
However, Silas was only considering the threats he knew about...
and there were countless inexplicable, unstable, and dangerous forces out there that neither he nor Laziel could control.
ad "Alright, we're here," Laziel announced once they arrived.
His instincts had led him straight to the base of a massive mountain, deep within a labyrinth of towering peaks.
He could feel a dark power stirring in the heights, and so could the others.
They were all powerful beings.
Theres something beyond those storm clouds," Nyx concluded, echoing what most of them were sensing.
"Lets go up," Victoria suggested, adrenaline rushing through her veins.
She transformed into a fine mist, blending with the natural elements.
Nyx shifted into a raven and took flight.
Lavinia created a portal, leaving only Lyra and Laziel behind.
Brother, Im ready when you are," Lyra grinned from ear to ear.
"Why did you only learn that weird herbal magic?" Laziel sighed.
---- He always had to carry her in situations like this.
"There are more useful skills that could help you now, instead of that...
peculiar magic." "says my brother, the most peculiar of all," Lyra stood beside him, standing on tiptoes to kiss his cheek.
"Remember, Im not a witch like you guys.
I needed something practical that didnt require magic but manual skill." "Lyra, do you want to stay down here forever?" Laziel stepped back, frowning.
Why did the Alpha always have this habit of trying to soften him up with those slobbery kisses? The worst part? It worked.
"Heh, one day you'll return the kiss, I just know it.." Lyra huffed, sticking close to her younger brother so he would take her along.
She felt the earth tremble beneath them.
"Keep dreaming and stop touching me so much," was the only whisper she heard from Laziels cold lips.
This Nocturne was a block of ice.
He only showed warmth toward the older women in his family, and it wasnt because he lacked love.
Unlike Silas, the specter prince had been cradled in the loving arms of his pack from the moment he was born.
Laziel was simply built this wayhis personality as odd as the rest of him.
But that didnt mean he was a bad person.
A massive specters hand surrounded them, enclosing them in its fingers of black mist, lifting them higher and higher, emerging ---- from the very depths of the earth.
The wind whipped through their hair and brushed against their faces, whispering in their ears as the colossal shadowy figure loomed over the mountain, bending toward the slope.
"Close your eyes," Laziels hand covered Lyras eyes to shield her delicate face from the storm clouds.
Lyra smirked slightly.
He was just like their fathercold on the outside, soft on the inside.
The temperature plummeted rapidly as they neared the summit.
Drop us here," Laziel ordered the specter, which carefully placed them on solid ground.
Lyra shuddered slightly at the touch of dark energy.
Her wolf was highly resistant to black magic, being Silas descendant.
But unlike her siblings, she had inherited more from their Lycan grandfather.
Even with her special lineage, though, she still found the dense, putrid touch of the specters repulsive.
"Look, guys! We found a cave!" Vicky pointed to a dark opening, naturally carved into the rocky surface.
###Chapter 905
---- EXTRA XXVIL.
FIGHT FOR LIGHT NARRATOR All of them stood on the ledge.
Nyx looked up at the sky above their heads; there was nothing to see, only a dense layer of darkness.
"[ think we need to go through this cave.
I couldnt ascend any further with my portals," Lavinia informed them.
There was an energy field floating above the mountain.
"Guys, I think the breach here is about to open," she said excitedly.
"Wait for my return," Laziel turned to command the massive blackened head that loomed behind him.
A low hiss echoed from within the spectral mist.
And so, with more recklessness than bravery, the new and powerful generation of supernatural beings ventured into the dark tunnel, now illuminated by magical lights conjured by Nyx.
"There are specters ahead.
Stay alert.
I'll control themIll go first," Laziel took the lead.
With specters present, he was the best suited to handle them.
As the faint glow at the end of the path grew closer, the prince's bad premonition deepened, but so did his curiosity.
Something extraordinary was breaking through in front of him Every magical being was roaring with excitement, drawn to it ---- that was why the specters were so euphoric.
As long as they remained under control, there wouldn't be any issues.
But that was the problem: they rebelled like never before.
The five emerged on the other side of the mountain, and it felt as if they had crossed into another world.
"What...
what is this?" Victoria looked around in shock.
The clouds stretched beneath them like a floating floor, covering the landscape as far as the eye could see.
Above their heads, the night sky was breathtakingclear, vast, and illuminated by the brilliant full moon, shining like an enormous lamp.
The entire scene was pure magic.
Yet in this perfect panorama, there was a blemishor rather, several.
"specters," Laziel had been focused on the far end of the triangular ledge from the start.
At the very tip, where the precipice dropped into a deadly fall, a swarm of specters writhed in excitement.
They looked as though they had escaped from the spectral world.
For one of themor his fatherit was nearly impossible for specters to emerge on their own outside their domain.
Unless...
the conditions of immense pain and suffering mixed with dark magic had been recreated once again.
"Return," Laziel took confident steps toward them, commanding, ---- them to obey.
###Chapter 906
---- His golden eyes darkened as black veins spread across his sockets.
"T said return!" His anger rose, and he moved closer.
The specters turned toward him, some appearing hesitant, but one of them hissed threateningly, emboldening the others They were surrounding something something too bright, floating over the abyss at the edge of the ledge.
Laziel saw beams of light escaping between the writhing specters.
"They're not going to obey that easily! They covet that pure energy too much!" Lyra shouted, realizing what was happening.
The air began to churn violently, icy gusts slamming against the summit.
"We'll have to fight if we want to see what theyre hiding! Get ready, everyone!" Lavinia called out.
Something incredible was manifesting here.
Could this be what their predecessors had always sought to escape the Elemental Realm? "T can handle this.
Go back to the cave"" "No, Laziel, stop underestimating us! Youre not the only supernatural being with powers here!" Nyx snapped, drawing her sword of lightning in an instant.
Dangerous white and purple streaks of pure electric energy crackled along the sharp, enchanted blade.
She gripped the golden hilt firmly.
---- Laziel didnt want to expose themhe preferred to end this quickly.
However, his rash decision only made things worse.
Since he couldnt summon more specters to fight for him, he used his own weapons Ina blink, his stance shifted.
Darkness cloaked him, forming a floating obsidian armor around his body.
A stunning mask covered his entire face, mimicking the texture of wood, engraved with runes and magical spells, leaving only two endless voids where his eyes should be.
His gloved hands gripped the long ebony handle of a massive scythe, its broad blade gleaming ominously, Laziel was truly losing his temper.
If the women didnt know it was him, they would have mistaken him for another specterone of the worst.
All of them braced for the counterattack, if there was one.
Laziel swung the scythes handle with a roar.
The weapon, twice his size, slashed through the air.
The curved, lethal blade left a misty trail in its wake, the runes carved into the cursed steel igniting in searing flames, activating their power.
A wave of sinister energy ripped through the air, heading straight for the mass of specters.
---- Their pained howls echoed almost instantly.
And despite their fear of Laziel, they understood one thingthey would not be able to claim their prize with him here.
A shriek of spectral rage signaled the beginning of the battle.
The specters lunged at them, and Laziel bore the brunt of the attack.
His scythe moved skillfully, cleaving through their ranks.
Any unfortunate enough to fall into his grasp were absorbed back into the darkness, dragged into the world of shadows by the prince himself.
The sky became a canvas of pure malevolence.
Bolts of lightning streaked across the battlefield every time Nyx wielded her sword, cutting down more and more enemies.
Lavinia used her portal magic to teleport, launching surprise attacks that supported Victoria.
ahbh!"" "Vicky!" Lyra roared, throwing herself at the specter that had wounded her sister's back.
###Chapter 907
---- EXTRA XXVIII.
FULFILLING DESTINY NARRATOR The massive midnight-colored she-wolf, streaked with golden Jocks, sank her teeth viciously into the creature.
Anyone would have thought her jaws would pass through nothingness.
Brute force against something immaterial was a difficult battle.
However, Lyra, like her siblings, was a special being with unique abilities.
Aztoria, Lyras wolf, tore through the fragments of dark magic and devoured them, absorbing all the specters macabre energy something neither an ordinary wolf nor acommon Lycan could process in their body.
"These sons of bitches are pissing me off! Aahh!" Vicky roared, slashing deep wounds into both palms and pressing them against the ground.
Her lips began to chant rapid, incomprehensible spells.
The mountain trembled, the forest beneath them stirred.
As her fathers daughter and a descendant of the dark prince Zarek, she was calling upon some of his undead to aid them in battle.
It seemed the specters time was running out.
However, that light...
dancing in the air, at the edge of the abyss, above the clouds and beneath the moon.
That tiny sphere, which seemed to hold an entire galaxy within its core...
---- Exploded, without warning.
It shattered into countless fragments, blinding them with a surge of energy and tearing open ethereal portals to unknown realms.
Chanting voices echoed around them, silhouettes of tiny glowing figures danced hand in hand, flickering and darting like mischievous children.
"NYX, LYRA!" Laziel roared, lunging toward his sisters, unleashing all his power to grab them and pull them to safety.
He wanted to save them all, but selfishly, his mind took him to his sisters first.
"LAZIEL!" He heard their terror-filled voices.
Their desperate eyes met across the distance, and then The sensation of being sucked into a vortex that plunged them into total unconsciousness, dragging them through time and space.
Lavinia did everything in her power to activate her transmigration magic to escape, but she too was swallowed into the unknown.
"No, dont let go! Hold on tight!" Victoria roared, swaying in the gale, gripping the hands of the undead that had risen from the depths of the rocks.
Rousse, Zareks general, held on with everything he had.
He would ---- not let go of the little princess, even if his body shattered in the attempt.
###Chapter 908
---- However, despite using all his strength, the suction force was too overwhelming.
The extraordinary phenomenon of multiple portals opening lasted only a few seconds.
But it was long enough.
Long enough to rip Rousse completely from the ground and send him soaring into the airtaking Victoria with him.
Rousse wrapped her tightly against his solid frame.
He felt no pain, no cold, no hunger, no sensation at all.
He would be her perfect shield.
And so, enclosing her within his embrace, he plunged into the deepest darkness of the last remaining portalone that seemed to grin wickedly as it floated in the air...
before sealing shut completely.
The glowing figures rose like fireflies, swarming into the sky, merging with the blanket of stars.
The gateway to the unknown was gone, as if it had never existed The mountain peak fell silent and still once more.
No specters remainedthey had all been swallowed up.
And neither did the cherished children of these lands.
see "Nooo!" Gabrielle shot up from the divan.
---- Asudden wave of sickness had overwhelmed her.
Quinn had brought her to a quiet room so she could rest.
"Whats wrong, baby?!" her Lycan mate jumped up, setting his book aside and pulling her into his arms The Selenia trembled, drenched in sweat, seemingly in a trance.
"Honey, what is it? Talk to me, you're scaring me!" he gripped her shoulders.
Tears streamed down Gabrielles cheeks.
She looked terrified, pale, lost.
"Quinn..." her throat tightened as she met her mate's gaze.
"I had a revelation from the Goddess." The moment he heard that, Quinn tensed.
Nothing the Moon Goddess ever foretold came without consequence.
What did she reveal? Tell me, Gabrielle.
Dont be afraid, whatever it is, we'll face it together," he murmured, kissing her hands, wiping her tears, bracing himself for the worst.
And yet, no preparation was ever enough.
"she told me the pups have been sent on a journey.
That we shouldnt cry or worry for them.
That each of them has a destiny to.
fulfill, and they've gone to meet it," Gabrielle repeated the ethereal words that had burned into her mindalong with the vision of their beloved children vanishing atop that mountain.
"what?" Quinn lifted her up, his brow furrowed.
"But where did they go, Gabrielle? A journey to where?" ---- "I dont know...
I dont know..." Gabrielle had seen the magical portals, but not where they led.
"T only know that we cant go after them.
They will return when each of them has overcome the trials set by the Goddess."" They locked eyes, filled with worry.
No one would take this news well.
But who could defy the will of the deity herself? "'Theyre strong.
They'll find their way home.
Sigrid did it, they will too," Quinn finally sat back down, pulling her into a tight embrace against his chest.
All they could do was place their faith in the strength of the new generation.
END OF EXTRAS.
###Chapter 909
---- VOLUME III: THE DARK CURSE.
THE NEW WORLD LYRA My father always told us not to play with magic, that it was treacherous and unpredictable, but my siblings and I thought we were untouchable.
Descendants of powerful lycans and Selenias, of Umbros, a creature born from the deepest hatred, we never feared the consequences...
until now.
My name is Lyra, a pure Alpha with black magic running through my veins.
I fell into a vortex of energy and was separated from my siblings and family.
T opened my eyes in the middle of a primitive jungle and was rescued by a wild, grumpy, and completely uncivilized werewolf.
Although it sounds ridiculous after such a solemn introduction, right now that savage has me slung over his shoulder, carrying me through the trees without a hint of delicacy...
and with my face practically kissing his ass.
"Hey, my stomach hurts.
Please, I need to get down.
I feel better now...
Are you even listeni...!"" BAM! ---- "Aaah!" I let out a startled squeal as he suddenly threw himself off ahill, landing harshly before taking off runnin, his shoulder! .
with me still on What the hell is wrong...?!" A roar behind us made me snap my head up in the middle of our sprint.
My eyes widened in terror as a massive, spiky-scaled head emerged from the bushes.
"Aaahhh! Run faster, faster!" I started yelling at him, watching the monster chase us.
The creature, resembling an enormous lizard, let out a deafening roar, its putrid breath slapping me in the face.
It was getting too close! "You're too slow, too slow!" I started slapping his asssince that was all I could reachas if he were my personal stallion.
The sound of rushing water soon reached my ears, a strong current flowing nearby.
I thought crossing the river would keep us safe, but that thing leaped, and for a second, I swore I was going to lose my head.
In the blink of an eye, my battered body was thrown to the side, landing heavily in some bushes.
"Ouch," I groaned, pushing myself up, fully alert as I tookin the ---- scene before me.
That powerful warrior stripped off his leather skirt, his massive two-meter-tall body moving fearlessly toward the enormous predator.
It was even bigger than the first beast that attacked me when I arrived! Mid-air, he shifted with an earth-shattering roar, his pores stretching to make way for the thick platinum fur of a colossal wolf.
The battle began, fangs clashing, claws striking with deadly precision.
The beast staggered backward under the force of the furious wolfs attacks.
My wide eyes followed every movement, captivated.
He was breathtaking, mesmerizing, I had never seen a creature like him before.
By the Goddess, that hunk is mine! suddenly, an enthusiastic voice rang inside my mind.
"aztoria? Aztoria, you're back!" I cried out to my wolf, overjoyed.
" Wait...
what do you mean 'my male'?" I was about to question her, but a thunderous crash shook the jungle, snapping me back to the fight.
The massive predator collapsed lifelessly onto the river rocks, its blood seeping between the stones...
but it wasnt just its blood.
###Chapter 910
---- I watched as the indomitable wolf stepped away from his fallen prey.
He had won...
but things didnt look good.
He turned to the side, his steps shaky.
His stunning platinum fur, like the stars themselves, began to darken, a mist swirling around him, forming runes.
Ignoring the pain in my leg, I got up.
With my wolf present, things would be easier.
I moved toward him as he arched, choking sounds escaping his throat.
"Something's wrong with my mate! Those are cursed runes!" Aztoria howled, watching the letters circling faster and faster around his body.
All at once, he vomited a mouthful of black, putrid blood onto the ground.
"wait, stop fighting!" I lunged toward him, afraid hed keep pushing himself...
black magic would only make things worse! Before I could even touch him, he spun toward me, fangs bared, growling menacingly.
I tooka cautious step back.
"] just want to help..." I tried to explain, but he kept growling, his muzzle twisted with raw fury, black blood dripping from his teeth.
---- "Aztoria, call out to him! Hes our mate, isnt he?" I shouted in confusion, still stepping back, feeling the murderous energy radiating off him.
"The bond is closed on his end.
I can feel it...
but he doesnt seem to recognize me!" "Then lets shift!" "T cant...
Im still weak from protecting you in the portal!" "Damm it, Aztorial" Me, a refined lady, cursing at the top of my lungs in the middle of a life-or-death situation.
Just as I thought about runningwithout a shred of dignity through the jungle, that wolf convulsed again, heaving up more dark bile before collapsing.
"Catch him!" Aztoria howled, and I instinctively dove forward, grabbing his head before it could crash into a jagged rock, A sharp hiss of pain escaped me as my leg twisted at a terrible angle, but I gritted my teeth, supporting his heavy body against my chest.
His warmth enveloped me, his erratic heartbeat hammering in my ears, Now that he wasnt snarling at me like a beast, I lowered my head, stroking his fur.
---- Hes gorgeous.
Goddess, what a fine specimen...
I looove him! my wolf practically purred, making a final verdict before I could even form an opinion "Are you sure hes ours? I mean...
I know exactly how you roll..." Hey, are you calling me a slut again? Trolled my eyes, refusing to dignify that with a response.
Well, the Goddess had a twisted sense of humor.
Me, a noble and refined female, paired with a slightly too passionate and spontaneous Alpha she-wolf.
Not to mention...
I wasnt even a virgin anymore.
My mother had to make the stable boy I spent my heat with disappear...
or my father was going to make him disappear for real.
Hes ours.
Dont you smell that strong honeysuckle scent? Hes cursed...
we have to help him I tried to move him, but he was too heavy.
Panting and sweating, I managed to turn him slightly, but suddenly, his weight collapsed onto me.
"ahh!" I yelped as I tumbled, landing right on top of his hard, muscular body, covered in faint scars.
###Chapter 911
---- He had shifted back into his warrior form.
I sat up, straddling his hips, taking in my mate...
my mate.
Astrange sensation settled over me as I stretched out a hand, brushing my fingers over his rough yet devastatingly handsome face.
That wild beauty he possessed...
His shoulder-length black hair, a short dark beard, skin kissed by the sun A rustic earring hung from one ear, made from what looked like polished bone.
I gently wiped the blood staining his sharp lips, grimacing at the scent.
"poison," I muttered, and my wolf agreed.
I wasnt familiar with the flora of this strange place, but the stench of poison was unmistakable.
Thad experimented with too many magical herbs not to know.
My gaze drifted down his broad chest, marked by intricate aquamarine tattoos, exotic patterns swirling down his sculpted abdomen, disappearing beneath my skirt.
Lift up a little, lets see what prize the Goddess gave us.
Just a tiny peek...
---- "Aztoria, no.
Thats not appropriate..." stop being such a prude! In the end, I gave in.
Something hot pressed against my panties, making me lift up slightly.
I peeked...
my eyes going wide, swallowing hard.
Oh...
by...
the Goddess...
Aztoria murmured in shock.
T could even hear her salivating, her excitement coursing through my veins.
The bond was pulling us together, even if only Aztoria recognized it.
The rounded pink tip peeked out from its darker hood, the thick, veined shaft standing proud...
large enough to make me sweat, and not from fear.
My man.
I never thought Id find the other half of my soul in this strange place.
One hand gripped the edge of my dress, while the other stretched out with curiosity and bold intent.
I knew Aztorias desires were pushing me, but I had to admit...
that wild scent was clouding my senses.
In fact, Id swear that massive length was getting even harder ---- between my thighs.
The swollen head was slowly emerging, the veins along the shaft throbbing faster...
just like my heart.
But then, something overwhelmingly intense started pounding over my head, followed by a low growl.
I froze like a statue.
Slowly, I lifted my gaze...
my hand still right there, hovering just inches away from his massive cock.
At some point, those fierce, cold black eyes had opened...
and now they were locked on me with a deadly glare.
My erratic eyes locked onto his, and a nervous little smile slipped from my lips "Lor! Oops...
I forgot to tell you he was waking up aztoria, 'm going to kill you!
###Chapter 912
---- 02.
BEING DIFFERENT IS BLASPHEMY LYRA "It's not what it looks like, you were hurt and I..." My mind was spinning nonstop, I couldnt even believe the amount of nonsense I was saying.
He just kept looking at me, his frown growing deeper and deeper.
"What did you see?" His harsh and cold voice suddenly cut through the air.
"Can you understand what Im saying?" I replied excitedly, worried he wouldnt understand me since he hadnt spoken at all.
I tried to get up, to escape from this embarrassing situation, but his calloused hand grabbed my arm tightly.
"What did you see?" He asked again, his tone sharper and more dangerous this time.
"Just that you fought that animal and defeated it," I answered, pulling at my arm, though he was my mate, I didnt like his threatening aura.
I didnt dare confess what I had discovered in his wolf.
"Can you smell me? You and I..." ---- Shut up," he interrupted suddenly.
Thad forgotten how rude he could be, but his eyes quickly shifted to a direction, and my instincts also kicked in.
"Some people are approaching." As soon as Aztoria warned me, the underbrush was suddenly pushed apart, and a man emerged, followed by two others.
" told you I smelled a female!" All three pairs of eyes locked onto me like I was a juicy piece of meat.
It wasn't pleasant at all, and it made my skin crawl, but when they saw my mate, their gazes turned to disdain.
What are you doing in this part of the forest? You know you're not allowed to hunt here! And how dare you claim a stray female?" The one at the head, a man with brown hair and dark eyes, spoke to him with hostility.
They approached us, and I had to admit, they were tall and powerful-looking, the one at the front had the aura of an Alpha, "I wasnt hunting, I just felt someone in danger," my mates rough voice responded.
I stood in the middle, uncomfortable and wanting to take refuge by his side, but he didnt move closer to me; however, that Alpha did.
By the Wolf King, you're too beautiful, but that clothing...
where ---- are you from? What is a she-wolf like you doing lost in the forest?" He even raised his hand to touch my face, but I quickly stepped back in disgust.
###Chapter 913
---- The Wolf King? Who was that? I looked at their rustic clothes, barely covered with leather skirts and belts.
Of course, my clothes would catch their attention too.
"I dont now, I had...
Ihad an accident, I dont remember much," I responded briefly, something told me I couldnt be too open, not before figuring out what exactly was going on here.
"Pm Verak, the next Alpha of the Fertile Valley pack.
You can come with us, we'll give you refuge in our tribe," he said too eagerly, which struck me as odd.
J looked at him with distrust.
The packs I knew didnt accept strangers just like that, but they seemed too interested in the fact that I was female.
"Are you from that pack?" I turned to ask my mate, who was silently waiting.
His expression was grim and tense, but when I asked, his eyes showed a spark of surprise.
"Yes, Iam..." ---- You dont have to thank him for anything.
We were nearby too, we could have rescued you...
"But you didnt," I turned to face one of them.
"I'll go with him.
I dont trust you." Drakkar isnt worthy of claiming you, there are many better warriors in our pack!" "Berefort, enough!" Verak interrupted him, he seemed to be the smartest of the three.
"Lets all go back to the pack, dont be afraid, we respect females, we're not savages." He said that to me, a man dressed in only a loincloth, but I nodded and agreed to follow him to their settlement.
I didnt know anyone here, I was still aching, and my wolf wasnt fully recovered.
Ineeded shelter...
and my mate.
see Lyra, their wolves tried to speak to me, but I pretended to be absent.
I dont know, I have a bad feeling." "You did well.
Dont let anyone detect you.
That Alpha isnt more powerful than you.
Just in case, Ill pretend to be weak." We planned in silence.
---- "Did you see? Our husbands name is Drakkar.
What will his grumpy little wolf be called?" "Aztoria, focus on whats important now." Things didnt seem so simple, and I didnt like the way they treated my mate at all.
He was poisoned and cursed, I had to be very careful and bring his defenses down to help him.
Walking slowly in a line, with him silently behind me.
My leg was healing faster with the help of my powerful blood.
We followed the river, finally reaching the top of an elevation.
###Chapter 914
---- Beyond it, the green grass stretched out to stone and mud walls that marked the boundary of the werewolf tribe, much more primitive than I had imagined.
"Verak, is that a female?" At the gate, the sentry watching us looked at me with intense eyes.
"Yes, yes, we found her in the forest.
See how beautiful she is? Im going to fight to win her!" One of the others responded.
They were talking about me like I was a trophy, right in my face, so shamelessly.
"I doubt you'll beat the boss.
Im sure she'll prefer Verak!" ---- "shes the one who has to choose the male she thinks is strongest, " Veraks dark eyes turned to look at me.
His intentions were clear, but I turned away.
"Let them keep dreaming, these clowns," Aztoria rolled her eyes.
With more machismo jokes, we entered the packs territory.
The heels of my boots sinking into the mud of the path, while they walked barefoot.
I was surrounded by primitive huts made of animal skins and bones.
"Hey, pup! Where is everyone?" They're in the plaza," a scruffy boy passing by answered respectfully to the Alphas son.
His steps quickened, and we followed.
I couldnt stop examining the backward, primitive life of this pack.
Could this be how the whole realm was? Walking through winding paths, we arrived at a cleared area, and what I saw next was the pure definition of barbarity.
"This female is an abomination, an offense to the existence of the Wolf King!" A gray-haired woman shouted from a wooden stage, wearing a leather tunic a bit more elaborate than anything I had ---- seen before.
"This woman will bring curses upon our werewolf tribe! We must sacrifice her before angering the King!" the crazed fanatic screamed.
My eyes widened in shock as I watched them drag a young girl she couldnt have been more than eighteenand tie her to a pyre of logs.
Please, have mercy! You all know me, I was born in this pack! Healer, you were the one who delivered me!" "Shut up, deformed creature!" The woman on the stage struck her hard across the face with the staff she held in her hand.
The entire scene shattered my heart.
Low murmurs filled the air around me, thick with fear.
Somewhere at the front of the crowd, sobs rang out.
Faces were clouded with sorrow...
but no one stepped forward to save her.
"Wait." I grabbed the Alpha's son's arm as he tried to walk away.
" Why are they condemning her?" "she turned eighteen, and when her wolf emerged, she was revealed to be a demon.
Look at her eyes I turned back toward the girl, her tear-streaked face trembling with fear.
---- One eye was as dark as the night, the other a striking ocean blue.
Unusual...
but to me, breathtakingly beautiful.
"That's..." "T know you lost your memory, but remember this: if you see someone like her, stay away immediately and tell me...
or report it to the Alpha and the Healer." His warning was firm, and after giving me one last look, he pushed through the crowd, heading toward the stage.
When they brought the torch, placed in the hands of a massive werewolf with chestnut hair and a fierce scar across his face, 1 knew this insanity was real.
No one would stop it! The Alpha will deliver divine punishment!" That crazy old woman, the so-called healer, roared, and the scarred warrior lowered the torch.
He was the Alpha.
"You have to do something! You cant allow this!" Amidst the cries, the pleas, and the whispers of the horrified crowd, I turned urgently to my mate.
###Chapter 915
---- 03.
OPERATION "SEDUCE A WILD WOLE" LYRA "We have to stop this!" Don't shout," he replied through clenched teeth, his dark eyes scanning the surroundings cautiously.
"{ dont know who you are, but if you want to survive, follow the packs laws...
or the next one on that pyre could be you." His words were so cold they cut through me like ice, his gaze piercing, full of storms My chest tightened, I wanted to scream at him to stop being so indifferent, we were fated! But he simply turned his back and walked away through the huts.
The agonized roar behind me sent a chill down my spine, and the smell of burning flesh filled my nostrils.
Thesitated to turn around, knowing the barbarity I would witness.
Dont do it, Lyra.
Its horrible...
dont look," my wolf warned.
"Thave to, Aztoria," I told her as I slowly turned.
"I need to accept where we've ended up and what we're up against." My silver eyes reflected the flames and the pain-twisted ---- expression of that woman: an image that would never leave my memory.
This continent was far more savage than anything I had known, and I had to find a way backhome.
Thad found my mate, yes, but I couldnt even rely on him...
not yet.
I moved away from the horrific scene and sat on a rock beside a hut.
I didnt know how much time had passed, but the screams had long since died down.
There you are.
For a second, I thought you had left," I heard Veraks rough, eager voice.
I looked up and met his eyes.
"[m sorry for what happened.
Dont be afraid, our packis good...
we just follow the Wolf Kings will," he explained, his expression complicated.
I sighed and nodded.
I had a thousand questions, but I didnt want to appear lost in front of this male.
"Come, I'll introduce you to the Healer and the Alpha.
They want to see you." He extended his hand to help me up, but I got up on my own, dusting off my backside.
"you dont need to be so defensive.
Im an unmated male, and Id like you to consider mating with me.
I can provide for you, and if we have pups, they won't die in the winter.
Ill be the next Alpha...".
---- "Wait, wait...
Im not looking for a male" I cut off his enthusiastic self-promotion.
No beating around the bush here.
"You're weak," his eyes scanned me from head to toe.
"I cant even sense your wolf...
she must be a withdrawn Omega.
You wont survive on your own.
You cant hunt, and if all you eat is grass, you'll starve.
You need a male." "Then I will choose my mate, and I dont like you," I replied just as.
bluntly.
His expression darkened slightlyseemed like I bruised his ego but he quickly recovered.
"In the end, youll see Im your best option.
Youre beautiful but weak.
You might not even be able to bear pups.
Still, Im willing to be generous and treat you well," he added before turning away, motioning for me to follow him.
"Oh sure, you flea-ridden mutt, Who are you calling a weak Omega? " Aztoria huffed, irritated.
"Stay hidden, We're about to meet the Alpha and that damn witch.
I dont want them discovering our secrets...
its bad enough that I cant even explain my clothing.
Everywhere we walked, curious eyes followed.
###Chapter 916
---- I was surprised to see that even some women walked around with their chests bare, completely unbothered, wearing nothing but leather skirts.
What the hell is wrong with these primitive wolves? We arrived at the largest hut in the pack, guarded by two warriors at the entrance.
Verak pulled aside the animal hides and gestured for me to step inside the Alphas "home." The same man who had burned that girl alive now sat calmly beside that wretched healer.
"Verak told me they found you in the Deep Forest.
Whats your name? Do you not remember that either?" The Alphas interrogation began.
"Yes, sir.
My name is Lyra.
Thats about all I remember.
I think I hit my head," I said, touching the back of my hair, feigning confusion.
"Its true, youre very beautiful! Ive never seen such a delicate woman! Where did you get such fine clothes?" A girl suddenly approached, her eyes shining with curiosity.
She had been sitting to the side, stirring something inside a stone cauldron.
---- She suddenly reached out, touching my clothes and hair, covering me in dirt.
"Nereida, dont be rude," Verak scolded, pulling her by the arm.
"Brother, its so obvious you like this female!" "shut up, Nereida!" the Alpha growled angrily.
"Stop talking nonsense.
You know your brother is waiting for the Healers daughter to come of age! They'll be the perfect pair." "Father..." Verak interrupted, and I could smell drama in the air.
Enough.
Lets not discuss personal matters in front of the new female.
What will she think of our pack?" suddenly, that old woman stood up, walking toward me with the help of her staff.
Something about her black eyes made every hair on my body stand onend.
"Are you sure you dont remember anything, dear?" Her question was laced with cunning and distrust.
"Maybe Ill recover my memories later, but right now, every time I try to think too hard, my head starts hurting," I replied softly, meeting her gaze head-on.
For a witch, another.
Adrenaline was lying straight to my father, the Specter King.
---- "Very well.
I'll give you some potions to help you remember.
Ive seen clothing like yours before...
on a wolf who was found wounded near our territory, He was from the High Packs," she explained, and my heart began to pound.
"Is that person still here?" "Could it be Laziel, Nyx, or maybe Victoria or Lavinia?!" My wolf had the same thought as me, but I didnt dare show too much enthusiasm and risk giving myself away.
"No, he returned home as soon as he recovered, but he left us with a wealth of valuable knowledge," she answered thoughtfully.
Who knew what was running through that fanatic mind of hers? "We need to find out how to reach those High Packs," I told Aztoria, and we both agreed.
Then rest and recover.
In the meantime, welcome to my pack," the Alpha said, standing up so tall he nearly reached the ceiling, "You'll stay in the communal cave with the elders and children.
unless you choose a male to live with." As soon as he said it, my mind immediately went to that black- haired brute who wouldnt even look at me.
"Thank you for taking me in," I finally said before leaving, once again accompanied by Verak, stepping out of that suffocating hut.
###Chapter 917
---- I could feel the intense gaze of the Healer on my back.
She was the most dangerous person hereI could feel it.
We walked in silence toward the slope of a nearby mountain, where the gaping mouth of a massive cave opened at its base.
Thankfully, we avoided the plaza where the remains of that poor girl must still be.
This is it.
You can settle wherever you find space," Verak gestured toward the dimly lit interior.
The smells wafting out of that place had Aztoria covering her nose...
and me on the verge of vomiting.
As for what you heard from my father...
haven't accepted Nana.
But if you say yes..." "Dont get yourself into trouble because of me," I cut him off, locking my silver eyes onto his dark, intense ones.
"Im not going to choose you as my mate." silence hung between us, and I subtly glanced down at his clenched fists He really wasnt used to rejection.
Give it time.
You'll only need a few nights in there...
many males will want you to mate with them, but I can assure you, theres no one better than me in this pack Well, avery powerful male saved me, so I dont think he has ---- anything to envy about you I said, acting like a proud wife defending my mate.
"Heh, are you talking about Drakkar? That weakling who cant even bring out his wolf? He just got lucky saving you!" The mockery in his expression was starting to piss me off.
"He's an outcast in the tribe.
If you want to starve to death in the winter, then go ahead and mate with him..." With that venomous remark, he turned and walked away the same way he came.
"My mate is not a weakling! Ugh, Id love to sink my teeth into that arrogant bastards neck!" Aztoria was fuming.
We had seen him fight.
Drakkar was powerful, he was just cursed and even poisoned.
I didnt know what had happened to him, but I was going to find out everything.
swallowing my anger, I stepped into the entrance of the communal cave.
Why communal? Because everyone here lived with no privacy.
I found small groups of elders and children running around or digging for worms in a corner.
The stench of communal living slapped me in the face.
---- I sat in a corner without speaking to anyone, feeling their scrutiny.
Twouldnt be staying here long.
Verak was right.
These poor elders, the weak, and the orphaned children of the pack didnt eat well, surviving only on leftovers from the hunts or whatever herbs they could gather from the forest.
They lived off the packs charity.
No healthy, strong females were anywhere to be seen, not even among the elderly.
I noticed there were far fewer women than men.
The whole fated mates concept seemed pretty questionable in this pack.
As the afternoon wore on, plans wove themselves into our minds.
"T want to live with my mate! Im going to tame that wolf and show him whos boss!" Aztoria growled arrogantly.
"Then get ready, because night is falling...
and Operation Seduce a Wild Wolf is about to begin." With that, it was time for action.
When the pack finally settled down and I heard snoring around me, I slipped out under the cover of darkness, moving stealthily, following my mates scent.
---- Iwas surprised to find he wasnt as far as I had imagined.
Hiding my aura behind a hut, I spotted him speaking with none other than that damn witch.
Then, they stepped into a hut similar to the Alphas.
Carefully avoiding the guards, I melted into the shadows, sneaking behind the animal hides and peeking through a small gap.
I didnt like my mate speaking in secret with that woman.
I really hoped he wasnt on the villains side.
"[ need the potion.
I had a relapse today," his rough voice spoke to the Healer.
###Chapter 918
---- 04.
I'M YOUR MEDICINE LYRA "Did the relapse happen in front of that woman? What do you know about her?" My heart started pounding when I heard her mention me.
Through the narrow gaps, my eyes watched Drakkar, waiting for his response.
"No," he said firmly.
"She knows nothing.
I just found her in the middle of the jungle." "Is that so?" The healer eyed him for a few seconds, distrustful.
" Its fine if she didnt notice your peculiarity.
If she had, it would be a problem, and youd have to eliminate her." "Miserable old hag.
Hes not going to betray us." Aztoria was way too confident in him.
Me? Not so much.
We were complete strangers to Drakkar.
He couldnt even feel the bond.
We had to get close to him, earn his trust.
"Heres the medicine." She crushed some leaves in a stone mortar, and I kept my eyes on her, memorizing them.
Iwas grateful for the strong scent of the herbs.
It helped my power conceal me.
Let it sit and chew it later." She wrapped the paste in a leaf.
---- { dont have to be an Alpha to know that remedy is pure poison." And my wolf was right.
Drakkar was taking that medicine, thinking it was curing him of whatever he had, when in reality, it was poisoning him.
"You need to do something for me.
You know my medicine isnt free." Her cold, calculating voice addressed my warrior.
"T'll do it," he answered without hesitation, while my mind swarmed with doubts.
I didnt like this secret transaction between them at all.
She recited a list of plants.
I didnt recognize them by those names, but maybe they were the same as the ones from my realm.
Drakkar simply nodded and walked away with firm steps, disappearing into the night.
I followed, using every bit of power I could draw from Aztoria.
Camouflaging myself in the darkness of the forest, I stayed on high alert.
This was a huge risk.
He didnt make it far from the pack, but what he had to do to get those leaves was practically suicide.
"NOOO!" Aztoria roared when she saw him step into a predators den.
I took a nervous step forward, debating whether to reveal myself ---- and warn him.
Could he really not smell the danger inside that cave? Not even a minute passed before the beasts roar echoed, followed by the rumbling of the ground.
Before I could leave my hiding spot to help him, he came sprinting out, clutching the bundle of plants in his hand, "Chase him, chase him!" Aztoria screamed frantically.
We ran after him, leaving behind the creature that, thank the heavens, didnt seem to see well in the dark.
Drakkars silhouette faded through the forest.
I almost couldnt keep uphe was too fast, and I feared hed notice me.
Soon, the sound of water splashing made me stop and hide behind atree.
He had reached the riverbank, where he dropped the leaves.
Then, he pulled off his leather skirt, leaving himself as bare as the day he was born, and stepped into the rushing river to wash himself.
"Ggegrr, can we start the plan already?" My wolf was melting, devouring him with her eyes.
She had already forgotten that we had chased him through half the jungle like a couple of stalkers.
###Chapter 919
---- "Aztoria, I honestly dont know how to make him trust us.
Im thinking." I lowered my head for a second, trying to organize my thoughts, but when I looked up again...
my mate was gone! "Did he escape?" I asked my wolf, straightening slightly, anxiously scanning the shore where his clothes still lay.
""Aztoria?" She didnt answer.
A bad feeling crept up my spine.
Something moved behind me, and before I could react, I was spun around and pinned against a tree.
"What are you doing spying on me?" I found myself facing the dark eyes of my mate, his dominant aura making my legs tremble.
"T..." I took a deep breath.
If I had managed to convince my grandfather, the Lycan King, how could I not do the same with my little savage? "I just came to the river to bathe..." stop lying! Why are you following me?" His hand suddenly gripped my throatnot to hurt me, but firm enough to demand an answer.
"What did you see? Tell me!" "Or what?" I met his gaze without fear.
"Are you going to kill me to keep me quiet?" I challenged him, lifting my chin, locking eyes with his strong, masculine face hovering over mine.
His powerful body nearly covered me, drops of water from his ---- black hair dripping onto my skin.
Twas an Alpha femalesubmissive only when I wanted to be, and only if he earned it.
This little wolf was misbehaving.
With a frustrated huff, he released me.
His brows furrowed as he stared at me intensely, unreadable.
Then, he took a step back and turned to leave.
My eyes shifted to my wolf's as I shamelessly admired the movement of his firm ass.
"Ssshhh, dont you dare let him go.
Make the offer!" Perfect timing for her to start giving orders.
I was sure she had sensed him stalking me the whole time.
Wait, I can heal you!" I called out, watching as he turned back, his face dark and unreadable.
"What are you talking about?" "T know youre cursed.
Maybe you're searching for a cure, but that healers medicine is poison.
You're killing your wolf, slowly." I explained, but his expression told me he didnt believe a single word.
In fact, he was probably trying to decide how to kill me next.
---- When he tooka step toward me, pure murderous intent radiating off him, I knew I had to act.
"T have a secret to protect too.
Im different...
like that girl they killed." At those words, he stopped dead in his tracks, scanning me from head to toe.
"My power is in my blood," I told him.
"I got lost far from home.
I come from the High Packs.
I need to go back, and I need you to protect me.
In exchange...
I can heal you."
###Chapter 920
---- let out that string of lies, weaving our future together.
Seconds passed, and he still didnt speak.
He just stared at me, making me nervousespecially because he was stark naked, and this was a serious matter! "stop eating those herbs.
They're poison.
I think you knowit, but you have no choice...
Now you do.
I can heal you." "Prove it."" His sudden demand caught me off guard.
The atmosphere shifted.
I swallowed hard, taking a step back until my back pressed against the tree.
"Ifyou drink my blood, you'll know Im not lying," I tempted him.
" cant cure your wolf's curse just yet.
I have to cleanse the poison first.
---- My pupils narrowed as I watched him step closer.
I wasnt lying to him.
My blood was too powerful, a blend of many incredible creatures.
Goddess...
his muscles flexed like a sleek predator, and my eyes fought the urge to drop lower, to that thick cock hanging between his legs.
Thad to admit, sometimes my wolfs shamelessness was contagious.
"Where do I drink from?" His rough voice sent a shiver down my spine as I got lost in those pitch-black eyes.
"From the cleavage...
or lower!" Aztoria was getting excited.
1 extended my wolfs claw and made a small cut along the curve of my breast.
"Here." I pointed at the thin line of blood beginning to surface.
I watched as he slowly lowered his head, his rough hands pinning mine against the tree, making sure I couldnt attack him.
He inhaled over my skin, and the warmth of his breath made me shudder.
A curious, wet tongue flicked out, licking my chest, tracing the wound.
His cold lips latched on suddenly, drawing a soft moan from me.
---- Sharp canines brushed dangerously close to my breast, my heart racing beneath his sinful mouth.
Then he opened his jaws and began to feed on my blood.
"Mmmnnn..." I moaned, closing my eyes.
His body pressed me against the rough bark, dominating me, towering over me.
For the first time, I reveled in being under a males controlunder my males control.
Lowering my head, I inhaled the scent of his honeysuckde-scented hair, wild and intoxicating.
His suckling deepened, a low growl vibrating in his throat as he devoured me.
And against my belly, a hot, hard cock began to shift, rubbing against me in a slow, erotic rhythm.
###Chapter 921
---- 05, FAIR EXCHANGE LYRA Aaabh..." I couldn't stop a sensual moan from escaping my lips.
His hand had moved up to squeeze my breast, pulling it out through the neckline to bury it deeper between his burning lips.
The suction of his mouth made me shiver with pleasure.
I had never given my blood to a male like this before, and the sensation of sharing my strength with him aroused and soaked me.
But when I reached to caress his back, he suddenly pulled away, leaving me confused, yearning for him to continue.
"Does it...
does it hurt?" His eyes, darker now, with small lights shimmering in their depths, met mine, furrowed and concerned.
Had he thought the moan was from pain? He stuck out his tongue and licked the remaining blood from his mouth.
Leaning down again, he licked the wound to seal it before answering.
"Mmmm...
baby, if I tell you it hurts between my legs, will you lick me down there too?" "Aztorial" "Does it still hurt?" His deep voice questioned me again.
---- My twisted, manipulative mind was ready to play with his wild innocence.
"Tt doesnt hurt, but every time I have to give my power, it weakens me..." I raised my hand to my forehead, feigning weakness.
"And they say Im the actress." "Do you want to stick to the plan or not? Now shut up!" I growled at my she-wolf "Pm sorry if I took too much..." He stepped back, but I grabbed his wrist firmly.
"Do you feel better? Did my blood help you?" He stared at me for amoment before nodding.
He was too transparent; I could see through his intense eyes the thousands of thoughts tangled in his mind.
"T showed you my secret.
I wont reveal yours.
I only need you to stay by my side..." "Even if I want to keep drinking your blood, I cant take you alone to the High Packs.
That would be deceiving you..." "What if I told you I can not only remove the poison but also strengthen your wolf? Im in no hurry, and Im your best option.
Believe me, please, that healer is deceiving you." ---- "1 know," he answered sharply.
He must have been truly desperate to take that garbage.
"But if I take your blood every time, wouldnt that make you sick?" My heart melted.
Despite his closed-off, rough nature, he worried about harming me.
I was dying to connect with his wolf and be recognized by him.
"Theres a way you can strengthen my body..." I caught his full attention.
"I need...
I need your vital essence." With all the nerve in the world, I told the most perverted and shameless lie of my life.
But my blood is poisoned..." "Not your blood...
your...
your..." The words wouldnt come out, my eyes dropping to that delicious, semi-hard cock.
"You need my seed?" I swallowed and nodded.
Aztoria was whispering all kinds of wicked things in my mind.
"Because it holds your strength as a powerful male, and Im weak, Ineed...
wait, what are you doing?" In two strides, he closed the distance, turning me dominantly, pressing me against the tree, his chest flush against my back, lifting my skirt.
###Chapter 922
---- "Didnt you need my seed? Lets mate, you smell like you're in heat " He inhaled my neck deeply, hissing in pleasure.
His impure hand slid between my legs.
"You have so many layers, like a plant..." he growled, exasperated.
Ilet out a nervous giggle...
I mean, I started this, but this was going way too fast! Where were the foreplay steps? "Mmmm..." I moaned when his rough fingers pulled my panties aside, rubbing my sensitive vulva up and down, clumsy, unprepared, sinking into the wetness of my entrance.
"Aahh..."" "You're ready to fuck" he groaned, panting against my ear.
I could feel his lust rising.
His hardened cock slid between my thighs, seeking the path to thrust inside me in one swift motion.
"spread your legs more...
sshhh..." He began rubbing himself against me, the swollen tip pressing insistently against my tight entrance.
"Wait..." "Mmmm...
didnt you want my seed? Sshshh...
Ill give it to you now...
or would you rather be on all fours?" ---- His calloused hands spread my ass cheeks, his direct words heating my ear.
I felt the burning tip of his cock pushing relentlessly between my folds, ready to breach me.
However, I didnt want it like this.
To me, he was special, and I wanted him to treat me the samenot like just another woman from his tribe that he fucked against a tree.
"No, wait a moment...
I dont want it like this!" I closed my legs, nearly squeezing his shaft, and managed to escape his dominant hold.
are you regretting our deal?" He stepped back, looking frustrated and distant again.
"Are you going to choose Verak instead?" "What? No, of course not, its just...
do you always mate like this with any female who asks?" Suddenly, the ease with which he agreed gave mea pang of jealousy.
Stupid jealousy, yes, but very necessary.
"I dont," his response came without hesitation." Females are precious, they think they'll starve in the winter if they choose me as a mate." "Good for those bitches, let them stay away from my male." ---- Aztoria huffed, throwing a tantrum because I didnt let myself be mounted against the tree.
"But in your heat..." "sometimes they trade their pussy for food." Just like that, plain and simple.
Honestly, I dont know why it surprised methis place was the most backward and primitive I had ever known.
"T dont like it so rough, we could start softer..." I confessed ina low voice, slowly moving closer to him.
"How softer? I dont know any other way to give it to you." "T can teach you...
if you let me." My words came out, strangled by my growing desires.
He followed my every move with those intense eyes, as dark as the night.
T lowered myself slowly, placing my hands on his strong pectorals, caressing his sculpted muscles, inhaling the scent of his skin, drunk on honeysuckle, until I reached his abdomen.
###Chapter 923
---- 06.
PROMISE LYRA Kneeling, I found that throbbing shaft right in front of my face, stiff, the tip swollen with a delicious bead of moisture.
Teaned forward, taking it in my closed fist, feeling it pulse under my fingers as I moved my hand up and down, giving him a pleasurable massage.
Excited hisses sounded above my head.
My mouth watered, and I leaned in to take in the scent of the tip, as spicy and wild as he was.
"Let me taste it, mmmm, put it in your mouth." Aztoria urged me to commit madness.
I parted my lips and stuck out my tongue, my hand still moving up and down.
I circled the reddened head in a soft caress, licked the slit, slipping the slick tip into the opening, gasping with lust, looking up into his deep eyes, fixed on my act.
Under his watchful gaze, I started sucking on the mushroomed head.
Lewd and shameless, sinful sounds escaped my lips as I took him deeper and deeper into my throat.
---- I loved the honest response of his body, stiff, unsure what to do, but growing harder and more aroused.
My other hand reached down to play with his full, dark, throbbing testicles under my fingertips.
Pre-cum dripped abundantly onto my tongue.
Mmmmm..." I moaned with pleasure, my mouth full, speeding up my movements.
suddenly, his hips thrust forward, burying himself down to my uvula, gripping my hair, dominating me as he impaled his cock into my mouth as if it were my pussy.
His scent of sex drove me insane.
I dropped a hand between my open legs, thrusting two fingers inside myself, fast and deep, heightening my orgasm, imagining it was this delicious cock pounding into my needy cunt.
A roar echoed through the clearing, and something hot shot down my throat.
I swallowed and swallowed, drowning in lust and filth.
My own release shattered through me, feeling my flesh convulse around my fingers.
Ticked and sucked him clean.
The juice dripped from the corners of my lips and ran down my chin.
"ssshhh, he tastes so good.
I want my male to mount me.
Baby, ---- you can take me against the tree anytime.
Ill give you my pussy for free." Goddess, this slutty wolf never shuts up.
Shes the one pushing me to be like this! "Mmmm...
you came so much..." My throat, raw, was finally freed.
Catching my breath, air filled my lungs as I managed to lift my head and observe his reaction.
He was gorgeous, damn it, that rugged beauty had me at his feet.
He said nothing, but his hand reached my swollen lips, tracing them with his fingers, curious, as if discovering a new world.
"I didnt knowit could be done like that...
did my seed heal you?" Baby, you have no idea how hot I am...
I mean, how healed I am.
For now, yes, but we both need each other," I answered, pushing myself up, my legs weak.
Tleaned forward and "accidentally" fell against his chest, resting against those powerful muscles, his hands encircling my waist.
The entwined tattoos on his weathered skin vibrated before my eyes.
"Then, Pll live with you in your hut.
Do we have a deal?" I stepped back slightly, stopping myself from jumping on him and devouring him.
###Chapter 924
---- Istretched out my hand to seal the deal.
"I dont have a hut.
I live in a cave..." His expression was conflicted.
Then, in your cave.
Lets help each other grow stronger." I kept my hand extended His dark eyes pierced into my silver ones.
I knew he was searching for lies inside me, but I didnt look away for even a second.
"If you betray me, I will kill you." "I will never betray you, ever, Drakkar." ?<1 will take you with me.
You are mine, forever? Just as I was about to pull my hand back, realizing he didnt understand the gesture, he surprised me by lowering his head and pressing his cold lips to the back of my hand.
"T swear on my life, I will keep my word.
I will protect you until I bring you home," his promise rang under the moonlit clearing.
He thought my home was the High Packs, but I came from much farther away.
He would have to fulfill his promise to the end.
My fingers itched to run through his long hair.
?In time, my warrior.
I will know everything about you.
I will ---- conquer you little by little.
Not just your body but also your heart? "Lets go." His husky voice ordered.
1 followed him to the riverbank, where he put on his skirt and gathered those herbs that had almost cost him his life.
He didnt say anything about it, and neither did I, but I would no longer let him risk himself for that witch or for a poisonous remedy.
It was obvious she was using him.
I suspected she knew the power of his wolf and only wanted to keep him weakened with those herbs.
At the same time, she had secured herself a lackey, blackmailing him into running her dangerous and dirty errands But who had cursed him in the first place? Could it have been her? No, she didnt seem that powerful.
An enchanted wolf bound by dark magic is dangerous.
If I remove the poison, I must quickly study how to free him.
I pondered every possible solution as I walked beside him in silence, letting him lead me, when I suddenly felt him take my hand and sniff my fingers.
J looked at him in confusion.
---- "What were you doing under your skirt? Your fingers smell like estrus..." He inhaled deeply, making me blush.
Drakkar never left a single doubt unspoken.
"T can teach you another day.
I'll show you what I was doing under my skirt," I whispered, full of wicked plans for this curious little wolf.
He only nodded, quickening his pace toward the cave.
"You know that when you think about dirty things, you're not as prude as you believe, right?" "and you know that no one asked for your opinion, so stop stirring the pot.
My shamelessness is your fault." "Keep telling yourself that, Lyra.
Not even the mother who gave birth to us would believe it." "Dont mention my saintly mother," I rolled my eyes, refusing to play along.
A pang of nostalgia hit me as I thought about my family, about how worried they must be.
But my mother went through something similar and overcame it.
She also found her soulmate.
I know [ll return.
We all will.
I trust in our power.
So I pushed my thoughts toward less depressing matters.
---- eK I could already picture my happily married life, rolling around on that stone bed and getting properly filled every day by my scorching-hot wolf...
Pure fantasies.
I should have known things wouldnt be that easy, and the next morning, I had that idiot Verak and the single males of the pack causing an uproar in front of my marital cave.
"Drakkar! You have no right to claim this female! She must choose another male from the tribe! We wont let you starve her to death!"
###Chapter 925
---- 07.
MY SWEET POISON DRAKKAR invaded the packs private hunting grounds, searching for a beehive I had discovered days ago.
Unlike what they believed, I could eat meat whenever I wanted.
But I was getting bored of the same burnt taste of barbecue The taste of honey led me deeper into the forbidden area.
Ascent, far too sweet, invaded my senses.
I thought I would find bees, but instead...
I found a strange female She was in danger, and I acted on instinct, saving her from that predator.
I was ready to move on the packs warriors were close, and they would protect her.
But her pleas reached my ears, and when 1 looked into those rare, beautiful eyes...
that was my greatest mistake.
The sweet scent that tempted me came from her, and every time she opened her mouth, I couldnt escape her words.
My eyes followed her even when I didnt want them to.
Shes perfect, and of course, the Alphas son wants her for himself.
Thave no right to crave her, no right to anything.
Each day, my life ---- grows shorter, my wolfs power consumed by chains I cannot break.
Ive lost control of the beast, and Im dangerous to everyone...
to her.
"T can heal you...
my blood is different..." And it is.
I wanted to see if she tasted as sweet as her scent.
I allowed myself to give in just once...
just once...
But when I sank my fangs into her tender flesh, only one thought consumed my mind to devour her completely.
For the first time since I found my wolf at eighteen, that burning pain searing through every nerve, those voices tormenting my mind...
vanished.
I dont knowif she can truly heal me, but I have nothing left to lose.
My senses drift to her lips as we walk through the nocturnal forest, to the intense scent clinging to her fingers...
her on her knees...
her moaning...
her pushing me to the limit...
Curiosity.
Dark desires stir in my mind My instincts scream that this honey, which soothes my wildness, is the sweet poison I will never escape.
###Chapter 926
---- LYRA When my mate told me he lived in a cave, I was already preparing myself for it, but nothing could have readied me for how cold and pitiful this place was.
Even Uncle Zareks camp of the dead had more life than this hole.
On the mountainside where the communal cave stood, other ' houses' had also been carved out in a messy way.
It was still dawn, and I didnt look inside the other holes, but with the help of some worn-out stone steps, I managed to reach my marital cave.
"You dont have more...
furniture?" I asked, glancing at the dark pit full of ashes on the outer platform.
Stepping into the several-meter-wide space, I found a pile of bones in one corner, wooden bowls, a bucket, and furs tossed haphazardly as abed.
"[m used to living alone.
Its not much, tomorrow..." "Its fine!" I cut him off without giving it much thought.
"I know a lot about decorating.
We'll make it all cozy and homely, just leave it to me!"" "Decorating? Whats that?" "Uh...
it means Ill make the cave look much nicer for both of us," I ---- explained excitedly, already planning the arrangements while we stayed here.
He said nothing in response.
His habit of just staring at me so intensely made me feel like a foolish girl in love.
"We should sleep..." My wolf was already planning all sorts of inappropriate things to pounce on Drakkar, but he left us wanting.
"You can use the furs, theyre clean.
1...
will keep watch." "Keep watch? Thats not necessary...
My hand remained extended as I watched his back retreat into the darkness outside.
A little disappointed, I threw myself onto the soft, thick furs, breathing in the intense scent of my mate.
I brought one close to my nose and inhaled deeply, moaning in delight Well, just you and me again, how exciting," I huffed, kicking off my boots and loosening my dress.
"And now Im actually glad he didnt stay.
Lyra, you didnt even freshen up, you smell awful down there." I froze.
It was true...
I hadnt bathed after trekking through half the jungle Embarrassed, I sniffed myself...
Okay, it wasnt that bad, but I definitely didnt smell like roses.
---- VP wash up the next day, though I should probably start getting used to the local scents.
preety Contrary to what I expected, I slept like a baby.
Iwas exhausted, and wrapping myself in his furs made me feel safe.
A commotion outside the entrance woke me.
I sat up, confused, my eyes adjusting to the stone walls as I reached beside me but Drakkar hadnt spent the night in bed.
I found him at the entrance, the fire crackling in the hearth, full of burning wood, with a small stone pot boiling water over it.
Drakkar was handling some kind of creature with colorful feathers.
He was plucking it roughly, pulling off chunks of flesh along with the feathers.
"wait, wait," I got up, wrapping myself in a fur to get closer.
The morning cold brushed against my face as the sun barely began to rise over the horizon.
It had been a day since I arrived here..
###Chapter 927
---- 08.
ALOW BLOW LYRA "If you soak it in hot water, the feathers come off more easily," I said, grabbing a wooden bowl and dipping it into the boiling water.
I crouched in front of him, showing how easy it was to pluck the feathers without tearing off half the bird in the process.
"This way, you dont have to use so much force.
Then you quickly pass a burning twig over it to singe the tough hairs...
see?" I lifted my head, locking eyes with that midnight gaze.
My cheeks warmed slightly from the closeness and the way he focused on me.
"You could hurt your hands.
'll do it," he suddenly said, taking the bird from me and checking my fingers.
My heart swelled with sweetness, and I had the urge to kiss him, but I was too embarrassed to be so clingy this early in the morning.
The animal tumed out to have more meat than I expected, weighing several kilos.
My mind raced with ways to make it delicious, but resources here were scarce.
"Pm going to the river to clean it and get rid of the gutsunless you eat them?" The intestines?" My face twisted just thinking about the insides ---- No, no.
And you shouldnt eat them either.
Cleaning them properly is too much work." With a nod, I watched him stand and head off.
"Can you bring more water? I need to use this one...
Im going to wash up abit,""I said before he left.
Where should I put the pot?" he asked, grabbing the hot, fire- blackened stone with his bare hand.
"Here, here," I pointed to a discreet corner of the cave.
Id have to make some changes to improve our living conditions.
Drakkar left the steaming water where I had indicated, and without many words, grabbed a wooden bucket and hurried down the mountain.
IE "wash yourself properly, because tonight, I plan to seduce my mate, and you're a filthy mess." I sighed in defeat, huffing as I stripped down and used a scrap of my dress to wipe my skin.
Keeping my senses on alert for anything outside, I finished quickly, scrubbing thoroughly until I felt clean again...
everywhere, Thad just slipped on my boots when Aztoria announced we had company.
---- "Drakkar! You have no right to claim this female! She must choose another male from the tribe! We wont let you starve her to death!" A loud crash sounded at the entrance of the cave, and I rushed out to face those idiots.
Looking down, I saw them clucking like hens laying eggs.
Goddess, they were a nuisanceespecially that man, Verak.
He stood at the back, silent, but Id bet anything he was the one who stirred up the others.
"Leave us alone! The Alphas son told me I could choose any male I wanted.
He cant take back his word now!" I roared, furious.
"You dont understand this packs laws! Drakkar has no right to claim any prized female.
Only the strongest warriors of the tribe do!" another one responded, stepping up the carved stone steps on the mountainside.
My fangs lengthened, my silver eyes flashing as I locked onto Veraks.
The kindness he showed yesterday was just a ploy to get under my skirt.
Now he was turning his back on me in the name of pack laws.
"Get out of my home, now, or I wont be responsible for what happens!" I warned the warrior who had climbed up and was reaching for me
###Chapter 928
---- "You dont know what youre saying.
I dont know what lies that loser Drakkar told you, but hes just deceiving you because youre an outsider." "Dont touch me!" I snarled when he tried to grab my arm.
"Dont be so stubborn! Verak can take care of you as his second female!" The moment his hand closed around my wrist, my patience snapped.
Tunsheathed my claws and, with a swift movement, slashed open the flesh of his bare chest.
You damn harpy!" Before he could react, I grabbed him by the shoulders and drove my knee into his groin.
As he roared, doubling over, I smashed my elbow into his forehead and kicked him with all my strength off the platforms edge.
Thad trained with the best lycan warriors, with the Lycan King himself there was no way I'd let some idiot intimidate me.
"AAAHHH!" he screamed, plummeting from a considerable height.
The sickening thud was followed by his pained groan.
I leaned over the edge, waiting to see which fool would dare to come up next and try to force me.
---- But what I saw at the base of the mountain made my blood run cold.
A dark shadow lunged toward Verak and the other two warriors.
Drakkar.
Furious.
His massive body crashed into the future Alphas.
The excited roars of battle filled the air as my eyes tracked their savage movements.
My mate was strong, but that bastard didnt fight fair.
After throwing Drakkar to the ground, he lifted a heavy rock, aiming to smash it against his head.
Then, Verak shiftedhis enormous gray wolf barreling into Drakkar with unrelenting rage.
No matter how strong he was, Drakkar was still poisoned and cursed.
He could die under the jaws of a powerful wolf.
The other warriors stood back like carrion birds, waiting to pounce on the helpless prey.
"Aagger! Im so pissed! I can force the shift.
Im going to defend my man.
Get down there now, Lyra!" My Alpha wolf roared inside me, brimming with dominance, and I felt the change crack through my bones.
---- I knew this wasnt a smart decision.
But I would not stand by and watch my mate die.
I lunged down the stone staircase, claws scraping against the rocks, ready for war.
Just as my clothes began to tear...
Aroar shook the entire valley between the mountains.
###Chapter 929
---- 09.
THE STRONGEST MALE LYRA "What is happening here, Verak?!"" Boots hitting the ground, the Alpha of the pack arrived in a rush, with the sorceress and another woman in tow.
His presence immediately halted the fight.
I ran to my mate's side, finding him covered in wounds and bite marks from that bastard who refused to fight fair.
At least Drakkar had managed to rip a few chunks out of his wolf as well.
Theld him up as he arched forward, nearly vomiting.
"Hold on, please," I whispered, slipping his strong arm over my shoulders and rubbing his back.
I could feel the venom twisting inside him.
"alpha, we demand justice! The packs laws must be respected!" "SILENCE!" the Alpha commanded one of the warriors, who immediately shut his mouth.
The one I had thrown off the platform was being dragged up by another.
"verak, explain this mess to me immediately!" ---- Father, I was merely supporting these warriors," he said, shifting back into his human form.
He was bleeding everywhere, his aura overflowing with rage.
"Drakkar doesnt even hunt for the pack.
You left him here out of charity, but he isnt a warrior of the tribe.
How can he have the right to claim a prized female?" "so you want her for yourself, future Alpha?" The cold voice of the healer was the one to respond.
The commotion had drawn several onlookers, peering out from the distant huts and the communal cave.
"I..." Verak hesitated, his eyes locked on the Alpha, his frown deepening.
"Verak...
'm almost eighteen," the young woman beside the witch spoke, sounding hurt.
she was short, with dark brown hair and large, youthful eyes, but she wasnt even of age yet, and they had already assigned her a mate.
Disgusting people.
"Bather, I dont want her for myself.
Im just enforcing the law," he finally answered.
It was obvious no one believed his lies.
His warrior had just ---- mentioned something about me becoming his second female.
"Twont hand you over to anyone," I heard a rough voice beside me, low, wild, and utterly fearless.
I squeezed him closer, afraid hed do something reckless.
It wasnt time to rebel just yet.
The healers eyes were fixed on us, brimming with malice.
"Alpha, its true about the law.
I propose that the new female be contested by the strongest males"" "NO!" I cut her off.
"Insolent girl! How dare you speak to me like that?" She lifted her staff, trying to intimidate me, but my attention was locked onto the Alpha, "Sir, forgive my rudeness.
Since I arrived, I was told I could choose any male I wanted..." Drakkar is not a warrior of the pack," he responded flatly.
I could see the contempt in his gaze.
I was causing discord within his pack.
and what if he proves his worth? I mean, if I have to choose, I want the strongest male." My mind worked at full speed, weaving a plan to get them off our backs and improve my mates standing.
Mocking chuckles echoed from the crowd.
###Chapter 930
---- "Drakkar cant even shift into his wolf." "Pll fight anyone to win her," my mates sharp eyes locked onto the Alphas, unfazed by his oppressive, intimidating aura.
The tension was thick enough to cut.
It was time to put an end to this.
"Twill choose the bachelor who brings the largest prey to the tribe! " T declared suddenly, capturing everyones attention.
"The most glorious warrior is the one who can feed his female and support the pack, right?" I raised my voice, watching as the wolves around me nodded.
"So I will accept the one who brings back the most impressive prey." The murmurs came fast.
"Pll compete too!" "Dm a widower! I have the right as well!" Roars erupted from the huts, and soon, all kinds of specimens began stepping forward.
"Goddess, you'd think you were the last drop of water in the universe." Even my wolf was speechless.
The faces of the females werent exactly friendly, staring at me from afar with envy.
---- If the healers daughter could kill me with her glare, I would have dropped dead on the spot.
"So be it, then! I declare that tomorrow, all males who wish to hunt for this females hand may do so" the Alpha paused, his gaze shifting to my mate, "including Drakkar!" And with that, he turned and left, leaving chaos in his wake.
Veraks imposing shadow passed by us, but he didnt stop.
He seemed to be fleeing from that girl who trailed after him without a shred of dignity.
Drakkar, dont come to my hut asking for medicine," the healer muttered, arrogant and threatening.
Ibit my tongue to keep from telling her he didnt need her poisoned alms.
Coldness and patiencethose had always made me a good strategist.
We werent ready to leave the wild world beyond this pack of werewolves just yet.
Finally, we were alone again.
But when I moved to embrace my mate, offering him support, he pulled away from me sharply, distant and angry.
His dark eyes were full of accusations and storms.
---- "If all you wanted was to mock me in front of everyone, then why did you give me hope? Tell me, Lyra!" He roared at me, leaving me stunned and confused.
Before I could explain, he drew his own conclusions.
"Do you really think I can hunt the largest prey like this?!" He spread his arms, dark veins pulsing beneath the skin of his forearms.
He doubled over, vomiting black, putrid blood onto the grass, his face twisted in excruciating pain.
"Drakkar!" I reached out for him, but he simply pushed me away, the traces of venom still dripping from his beard.
"You should choose another warrior.
Any of them would kill to take you home," he said, turning his back on me and striding into the forest.
I stood there for a moment, dumbfounded, processing how completely he had misunderstood me.
He was so used to being despised, humiliated, abandoned by everyonehe had assumed I was just like the rest.
Oh no, wild wolf, you've got me all wrong.
Im not a woman who stays home waiting for you." Fuming that he would lump me in with them, I hiked up my dress ---- and took off running through the jungle, hunting down my feral wolf.
Tonight, he was going to leam exactly who was in charge in this union.
"Pl handle the punishmentthose primitive cheeks are begging for some discipline." "aztoria, focus on tracking his scent!"
###Chapter 931
---- 10, CONSPIRACIES NARRATOR 1m sick of you, Verak! the Alphas roar was followed by a loud slap.
Verak stood firm, stoically taking his fathers enraged blow.
His skin was already more than used to the beatings.
like that female.
Im not letting that idiot Drakkar have her, he replied in a low voice, but without backing down.
He had rarely defied the Alphas will.
are you a fucking idiot?! Aroms canines were bared, his whole body trembling with fury, loud enough for anyone nearby to hear them.
He tooka deep breath, trying to calm himself.
We cant offend the Healer.
The power of the packs tied to that woman, and you know it.
You cant risk everything for some pussy! he snapped, gripping Veraks shoulders fiercely to make him face him.
His Alpha aura dominated with an iron grip over his rebellious pup.
You can keep that female in secret.
You wouldnt be the first to have two women.
But your official mate has to be Nana, his dark eyes stared into his sons, so similar to his own.
---- verak, the Healer is the one who heals the tribe and can access the Wolf Kings magic.
We cant piss her off, got it? T know, I know.
I'll figure something out, Verak snorted, pretending to surrender.
Damn the day he gave Nana any attention.
Ever since then, that bratalmost ten years youngerhad followed him around like a nuisance.
He hadnt cared before about mating with her.
She was pretty, a virgin, and the future healer of the pack.
But now...
after meeting that female, Nana didnt even come close.
Verak stormed out of the hut, fuming, his mind racing with all kinds of schemes.
He couldnt compete for her himself.
Then something caught his eye.
Peeking out from behind a totem in the plaza, he saw one of the single warriors stepping into the Healers hut.
That old woman was up to something.
His father put her on a pedestal, but he just saw her as a pampered freeloader.
She ate and drank the best of every hunt and handed out those herbs that killed more than they healed.
The only thing shed ever done that mattered was save his father from certain death after a hunt.
###Chapter 932
---- The Alpha swore she used magic, said he saw heaven itself before his eyes.
Verak didnt buy any of that craphe was probably hallucinating and Verak was willing to take Lyra no matter what.
While the future Alpha kept watching from the shadows...
Ran, the warrior, had been summoned and stood nervously in the middle of the hut.
Ran, do you really like that female? Gertrudis, the Healer, asked, seated on her leather throne.
yes, grandma healer, Im gonna hunt one of the giants to prove V'm the best! he said excitedly, showing off his bulging biceps.
He was strong, sure, but kind of a blockhead.
Gertrudis knew shed have to give him a little push.
That woman was causing more trouble than she ever imagined, but because of her clothes and strange manners, she didnt dare lay a hand on her...
at least not yet.
What if someone from an important pack came looking for her and she had poisoned her to death? That would bring misfortune to them all.
She still thought Lyra could be useful.
Maybe shed reveal secrets from her more advanced pack.
But right now, she couldnt let her ---- end up with her daughter's male.
Pl give you a special remedy to make you really powerful.
But Ran ..
she gave him a threatening look, its a secret, and if you tell anyone, ll curse your entire family.
I wont say a word, I swear! he said, slapping his chest with excitement.
The Healer was going to help him! Come to my hut tomorrow before you leave to hunt, she told him, waving him off as he bowed to her again and again.
Mother, are you really going to use that magic stone on him? Nanas worried voice came from a corner.
It nearly cost you your life to extract that tiny piece from the source.
Then what do you want me to do, you foolish girl? she snapped, turning to scold her.
You have to become the next Moon Healer.
And since you cant tie your male down, youre forcing me to take the risk.
Nana stayed quiet at her mothers harsh words.
What she really wanted was for that outsider bitch to be killed, plain and simple.
She'd stab that whore right in the heart herself.
Her eyes burned with hatred remembering how Verak looked at Lyrafull of lust and desire.
He had never seen Nana as a woman, just ran from her like a pest.
---- Tomorrow, that female would belong to Ran.
Verak would have to forget about that slut once she had another male, right? see When Verak saw Ran leaving, he followed him to have a little man- to-man talk.
wee Meanwhile, moving away from the packs safe zone, a certain Alpha she-wolf was tracking her mate through the tall chestnut trees and thick undergrowth.
Lyra, I smell him a little further ahead! Aztoria said excitedly, just as the roar of some beast echoed from that direction.
Run, Lyra! Drakkar is in danger!
###Chapter 933
---- 11.
ARECKLESS ALPHA NARRATOR Lyra ran as fast as her boots would allow.
she sank into the dirt, sweating like crazy, pushing aside the wide leaves that blocked her path.
Bursting through the bushes, she found herself in a clearing...
and the scene in front of her froze her heart.
Drakkar was fighting barehanded against a massive predator ruthless and powerfulon all fours, with a shield of horns covering its gigantic head.
At the end of its nearly three-meter-long body, a spiked tail swayed, ready to strike the warriors back from behind.
WATCH OUT! Lyra screamed, hurling herself into the fight without a second thought.
Drakkar had never felt more terrified in his life than when he saw her throw herself straight into danger.
His two strong hands were holding the jaws of the Brontocérax apart.
His muscular legs were slipping backward, carving a trench into the earth from the beasts push.
RUN, LYRA! he roared, forcing his wolf to come out despite the consequences.
---- Poison pumped through his veins, carried by his blood; thick dark lines spread across his bulging arms.
Every time his wolf came out, the curse and poison twisted together into a double-edged weapon, shortening his life.
Lyra didnt stop.
Every second, she healed more from her internal wounds, the courage of her bloodline exploding inside her.
AAAHHH she roared, drawing the creatures attention to herself.
The Brontocérax swung its tail toward the new intruder.
The spiked ball chased after Lyra, who dove and rolled across the ground to dodge it.
BAM! The earth shook each time the spikes slammed down, tearing open craters and kicking up clouds of dust.
Drakkar managed to pull away from the beasts fangs.
With a wild roar, he leapt and smashed his fist into one of the Brontocéraxs small eyes, making it scream in fury.
Now its attention was split between the two annoying flies attacking it.
LYRA, RUN TO THE TREES! he shouted, praying she’d flee from the raging monster.
But Lyra wasnt the cowardly typeshe was a fighter.
###Chapter 934
---- THROW DIRT IN ITS EYES! BLIND IT, DRAKKAR! BLIND IT! she yelled in the middle of the chaos, and Drakkar reacted on instinct.
He grabbed sharp rocks and hurled them at the Brontocéraxs weak spots while it kept slamming him with its massive horns; the head shield was almost unbreakable.
Dust built up in its line of sight, and pain throbbed from the earlier hit to its eye.
Drakkar was about to run toward Lyra to escape, but she was already sprinting toward him.
DUCK, DRAKKAR! MOVE! she screamed through the dust trail, and Drakkar finally noticed what was coming for his back.
The deadly spiked tail Lyras body slammed into his, and he caught her in his arms, throwing both of them into a bush.
BoooM! Aroar of pain thundered through the clearing, startling the birds in the sky.
The beast, blinded and furious, had accidentally stabbed its own.
snout with the spikes.
Blood started pouring out.
It staggered, nearly collapsing, but Drakkar knew a Brontocérax’s defense didnt break that easily.
---- We need to go.
Now.
Before it comes after usit holds a nasty grudge, he said, grabbing Lyras hand, still shaken by how reckless and fearless this female was.
No, no, listen to me, Drakkar.
Ill show you a smarter way to hunt that thing.
Trust me.
Come on...
No, Lyra, no...
Drakkar held her hand like a shackle, while the beasts growls shook the forest and its steps rumbled through the ground.
7m not like the others! Im not going to betray youI just want to help.
Drakkar, if you dont trust me, then forget our pact...
Lyra yanked her hand free, angry.
This wasnt the time for stupid fights.
Her silver eyes flared, locked onto his midnight ones, full of storms.
1 want to teach you my packs tricks.
Either trust me now...
or forget I even exist, she said sharply, pushing him to make a move.
She rose from their hiding spot, crouched low as she slipped through the wide fern leaves, eyes fixed on the beast already searching for them to get its revenge.
Lyras heart pounded boom boom boom against her chest.
Shed made a gamble, and she hoped she wasnt wrong.
---- Before even half a second passed, she heard firm footsteps behind her, circling the clearing.
A smile of relief crept onto her lips.
aztoria, guide me to where you smell the Cassiépelas.
Lets show this little wolf that to hunt the fiercest beast, you need more than strength, you need cunning.
When Drakkar saw her stand tall and scream at the Brontocérax, he nearly had a heart attack right then and there.
RUN, MY MALE, RUN! she shouted before spinning and screaming right in his face.
Drakkar watched her delicate back, always running ahead of him, her silver hair flowing through the jungles green Something primitive and deep stirred inside his chest.
Her sweet, intoxicating scent filled his nose, caging his demons.
It wouldve been perfectmaybe even romanticif there wasnt a carnivorous beast behind him about to bite his peaches off through his loincloth.
###Chapter 936
----
"Lyra, bring him over here!" He was unconsciously starting to rely
on her.
He saw her facing danger, thrusting her spear fearlessly at the
Brontocérax-a predator that men from his tribe wouldn't dare
provoke so recklessly.
Something stirred in Drakkar's chest as he watched the beautiful,
fearless woman... something called admiration. And more complex
feelings began to bloom.
"Drakkar, he's coming!" Lyra had no idea what he planned, but she
threw herself to the side, and the huge beast charged forward
blindly, not realizing it was heading straight for the tree.
BOOOOM!
'The treetop shook violently, cracks spread across the trunk that
bravely held its ground, and on top of the dazed beast, an untamed
warrior jumped down.
With a roar and a thick branch, Lyra saw her man leap between the
armored plates, into the vulnerable neck area, and fiercely stab the
large splinter of wood.
'The Brontocérax gave one last desperate struggle and a frenzied
roar before collapsing completely dead onto the ground.
"Drakkar!" Lyra rushed over to make sure he was okay.
From the height of the beast's broad back, against the sun, the
powerful werewolf appeared, covered in blood, staring at her with
a mix of fascination and respect.
----
"We did it, Lyra, you and me, just us." Lyra smiled, tracing the
beautiful curve of his sharp masculine lips.
They stared at each other intensely, discovering one another
through their eyes.
"This is what I meant when I said I could teach you. I've never
underestimated you, Drakkar. To me, you're the most amazing
'warrior that ever lived." She finally said what she truly felt in her
heart.
Drakkar stayed quiet, regretting his moment of weakness.
He never
really wanted to hand her over to another male.
Something inside his chest roared to break free, to snap its chains,
to claim what was his.
But then a sharp pain tore through him, one that few men could
endure, reminding him of his curse and all his misery.
Suddenly, something shifted in the air. Drakkar stood tall,
watching the birds flying away in a hurry.
"We have to leave. The blood will attract even bigger predators."
He jumped down, grabbed Lyra's hand, and pulled her away.
"But the meat?"
"It's too tough and hard to get out from under the Brontocérax's
armor," he explained, rushing her back to a safe zone.
"That's a shame, it could've made an amazing shield..." Lyra
thought out loud.
----
Alight flickered in Drakkar's mind. No one had ever thought of
that, because hunting that predator was nearly impossible.
"This way," he said, changing direction to circle back to the lair
the beast had guarded so fiercely.
"'That's his cave," he told her, pointing at a dark opening at the
base of the mountain.
"T once came here to gather herbs and hurt him, so he remembered
my scent and attacked me today in the forest," he told Lyra, both
of them spying from behind a tree.
"Let's explore."
###Chapter 937
----
13. SEDUCING MY ANGRY FEMALE
NARRATOR
Drakkar found himself being dragged into yet another madness by
the woman who barely reached his chest.
The sun had already set, and night was falling around them;
walking through the jungle in the dark was practically suicide
"Pl go first." Drakkar pulled her behind him, alert, stepping into
the dark hole marked by the beast's territorial scent.
"Did you see how sexy our mate looked today while hunting?
Goddess, when he jumped from that tree..."
Lyra followed silently behind Drakkar, though in her head, Aztoria
wouldn't shut up.
She thought her wolf was about to show her the heroic battle
memory again. But no-the she-wolf's eyes had been fixed under
the warrior's leather skirt.
Lyra blushed at the "vision" of the flying sausage with two eggs.
"Holy goddess, you're such a pervert, Aztoria," she said, ending
the conversation with her lustful wolf.
"There are no other animals around, and the warning scent will
keep this cave safe for a while," Drakkar said after inspecting the
wide cavern.
But Lyra looked at the pile of dung and bones. The suffocating
stench made her want to throw up.
----
She was about to suggest they go look for useful plants for
tomorrow's hunt, but something on the back wall caught her
attention.
"Don't you feel it's way too hot in here?" she said as she walked
deeper into the darkness.
Using their wolf vision, they both reached a hidden crack deep
within the cave.
"something was keeping that beast guarding this place. This heat
is coming from somewhere."
Following their instincts, they entered the narrow passage where
Drakkar could barely stand upright. Sharp rocks scratched at his
skin.
But when they reached the other side, after squeezing through the
tight gap, both were left speechless.
It was another cave, even bigger, filled with columns holding up
the ceiling
Sunlight filtered in from somewhere, and the best part-pools of
steaming water created a misty atmosphere.
"They're hot springs!" Lyra ran excitedly to check out the pools,
some bubbling, others not as hot.
"Don't go in, Lyra, you might burn yourself!" Drakkar rushed
toward her as she dipped her hand in one.
She was way too trusting with everything!
----
"This one's not that hot!
We can have a proper bath!" Lyra
laughed. A treasure-a real treasure, this hidden cave!
Her wolf had already confirmed there was no danger, so Lyra was
ready to scrub off all the grime.
She started to tie up her hair and pull down her sleeves, but
suddenly remembered something very important.
Behind her was a wild wolf devouring her with his eyes.
She could feel him watching her silently, and she hadn't forgotten
she had an unresolved matter with her mate.
She lifted the skirt of her dress without undressing, slipped her
hands underneath, and grabbed her panties between her fingers.
slowly, she pulled them down her legs and over her boots.
Behind her, all she heard was silence, but the scent in the air had
changed-her honeysuckle aroma now mixing with the steam.
Holding her panties in one hand and clutching her dress, her legs
exposed to a scandalous height, she half-turned to speak.
"Can you help me loosen the straps in the back?" she asked
sweetly, hearing the soft steps and feeling that huge body nearly
touching her.
Clumsy fingers started undoing the corset, fumbling with the
tricky garment but doing it patiently.
His heavy breath fell on Lyra's neck, and she even felt him lean in a
few times just to smell her.
###Chapter 938
----
'The heat coming from his body was hotter than the thermal
waters; a hard erection was pressing against her ass.
She didn't rush him. She enjoyed his struggle, his closeness, the
brush of his breath on her skin.
The dress finally loosened, and Lyra let it slide down her body,
standing naked in front of her mate's wolfish gaze.
She felt shy, yet sexy and desired. She didn't need to see his face to
know she had just lit his lust on fire.
"Lyra..." a whisper warmed her ear. "Can I...
can I take a bit of your
power?"
'The Alpha's eyes gleamed with victory, a tiny smile curling at the
corner of her lips.
"No," she said sharply, turning to him, pretending to be upset,
showing him everything he was about to miss out on for being
stubborn.
"Didn't you tell me to go find another male to take me home?"
"NO!" The roar shook the cavern walls.
Drakkar stepped forward, fighting not to look down at those two
delicious cherries swaying in front of his face.
"you can't ask another male for his seed! I don't want you doing
that thing with your mouth... to anyone else."
Lyra almost burst out laughing at his blunt, shameless words. This
man was going to drive her insane.
----
She kept a strong gaze, playing hard to get under his serious,
frowning stare.
"T don't know, Drakkar... You didn't trust me.
I'm mad, and I need
to think if I still want to keep doing this with you."
And holding back from giving in to the man she was crazy about,
she turned around to take a proper bath.
Before Drakkar could say a single word in his defense, he saw her
bend down to remove her boots.
Her pink, closed pussy looked like a delicious, tempting fruit, her
round ass, toned thighs, and creamy legs on full display.
He swallowed hard, thinking he'd never seen a female so beautiful.
She could tempt any male into killing for her. She had him
completely obsessed.
He watched her sink into the hot water, moaning with those sexy
lips he was dying to feel wrapped around his cock again, sucking
him deep.
He took off his leather skirt, and his monstrous erection sprang
free-rock hard, pulsing wildly, the head flushed and aggressive.
All of Drakkar's attention was on her, thinking... thinking of how
to win back her favor.
How does a male win over a pissed-off female?
He wanted to feel her again, touch the sweetness between her
thighs, play with what was forbidden, feel her pussy dripping
around his cock, fucking her like a beast.
----
Just imagining her moaning under him while he pounded her
rough and deliciously made his balls pulse with all the "creamy
essence" he had to give her.
Walking like a dangerous predator, he stepped into the pool,
closing in on his dark temptation.
###Chapter 939
----
14. TASTING HONEY
DRAKKAR
'This hot spring wasn't that big, but it felt like we were way too far
apart.
What should I do?
Pd lived alone since I was a pup, in the communal cave where they
raised orphans.
I'd seen males and females mating... it was always the same.
'The female on alll fours, getting taken from behind. Even animals
did it that way. Why didn't Lyra like it like that?
I remembered the pleasure of her mouth on my cock. I want it
again.
I want to learn all those secrets I don't know.
Step by step, I got closer to her back. Her wet hair clung to her rosy
skin. My hands were itching to touch her. I'd never been this hard
or turned on.
T slowly wrapped my arms around her waist. She felt so small, so
soft, I was afraid I'd hurt her with my rough hands and calluses.
"Lyra," I whispered her name, leaning over her shoulder.
Her body trembled under my touch, and that gave me the
confidence I needed.
"[ didn't mean to yell at you, I... thought you had changed your
mind..."
----
"You told me to find another male."
"No. No. I'll hunt down the biggest animal no matter what, I'll get
it," I said, closing my eyes as some unknown fury boiled in my
chest.
The idea of her with another man made me sick. I didn't want it.
She made the deal with me. She can heal me. I... I need her.
I took in her sweet scent, trying to calm myself, pressing her
tightly against my muscles
My cock hurt so bad.
My hands ran roughly over her belly, fingers
gliding toward the top of her pussy.
A soft moan slipped from those perfect lips.
Desperate thoughts flashed in my mind-throwing her to the
ground and thrusting inside her.
"Lyra, you really don't want my seed? Don't you feel weak?" a low
laugh rumbled in my chest.
I knew she was teasing me, but I didn't care.
I'd never begged a female for her favors, but something primal
was pushing me toward this woman.
"Pll stop being mad if you do to me what I did to you," she said
suddenly, pulling away and walking to the edge of the pool.
I didn't get it at first, but when she sat down and spread her legs to
show me her pussy, I figured out what she meant.
###Chapter 940
----
"Your mouth here," she pointed between those plump lips. The
pink flesh in the center looked like ripe fruit, ready to be devoured.
I found myself stepping toward her, unable to look away. My pupils
narrowed dangerously.
T knelt in the water. I had never seen a pussy so pretty, so juicy-
especially not up close. My thirsty mouth moved in.
How do I make her feel as good as she made me feel?
I stuck out my tongue and gave one long lick across her opening,
parting her folds.
"Mmmmm." I looked up at her face.
Her hazy eyes sparkled like twin stars, staring down at me. She was
panting, and the sweet scent of her pussy was driving me insane.
I didn't think, 1 just followed instinct-exploring, spreading her
with my fingers, licking the delicious nectar dripping out.
I closed my eyes, drunk with lust and desire. I sucked and nibbled
that spot that made her scream and writhe.
Her hand grabbed my hair, pushing me deeper between her legs.
Her hips started thrusting up into my mouth, and I devoured her
needy pussy.
She moaned, her sounds heating my ears. My tongue dove into the
tiny hole that begged for a cock, sliding in and out, learning what
made her burn.
----
So good... mmmm... give me more... I want you to cum for me...
ssshhh... I want to fuck you so hard... you need to be mine...
"gaahh, Drakkar!"
I grabbed her ass with both hands, lifting her off the ground and
burying my face between her thighs, deep and merciless, growling
as my canines began to grow.
Her nails dug into the stone, her legs trembled in the air, her whole
pussy pulsed around my tongue
Lyra roared, the sound echoing through the cave walls.
So sweet. So damn sweet. My breathing turned heavy as I felt her
cunt throbbing around my mouth.
Thad taken her there, in this new way I instantly loved-but greed
burned in my chest.
T wanted it all. To fuse with her like a true male and female.
Our beast-like eyes locked for a split second as I lowered her, then
rolled her onto the damp ground, on all fours like a horny she-
wolf.
Ieapt out of the pool, water splashing everywhere. My massive
body loomed over her, kneeling behind that perfect ass.
One hand spread her open while the other guided my cock.
My chest pressed to her back as I licked the sweat from her skin,
pinning her to the ground.
----
My thick cock drove into that tight little pussy that would be my
complete downfall.
od
LYRA
"Aaahhhh!"
My moan echoed off every rock in this cave the moment his hot,
hard cock slammed inside me.
He stretched my pussy with no mercy, no gentleness... my cunt was
being deliciously fucked by that wild man.
All [could do was moan like a whore, so indecent, clinging to the
wet ground, ass raised, pussy wide open.
Filthy, wet sounds echoed from where we were joined.
"Gggert... Lyra... Lyra..." his growls, more animal than man, huffed
into my ear.
His hands slid down to grope and squeeze my bouncing breasts
with each brutal thrust.
His rough fingers dug into the tender flesh of my nipples.
Lust clouded my mind. My she-wolf took over my desires.
My eyes shifted, my back arched, and my claws came out, sinking
into his thighs as I pulled him harder against me, craving to merge
him with my soul.
###Chapter 941
----
15. BROKEN BOND
LYRA
I could feel the folds stretched to the limit, our fluids splashing
with every thrust... I loved it, couldn't stop, it was like my own
aphrodisiac drug.
Shivers of pleasure shot down my spine, I was on the edge of
ecstasy, but my primal side craved one last push.
"ah, ah, ah, cum inside me, give it to me, my male, give me your
knot... mmmm..." Isat up on my knees, with him still connected to
my back, pounding from below as I rocked against his pelvis.
One of his hands wrapped tightly around my neck, the other
gripped my hip.
His moans in my ear pushed me toward the edge of pleasure.
His balls smacked rhythmically against my ass, until after two or
three deep thrusts, they were almost buried in my slit.
With a deep growl, I felt his hot streams spill inside, filling me,
pleasing me, triggering my own release.
'Sweat poured like water, sliding over our slick skin.
The mist around us reeked of sex and heat.
I closed my eyes, seeing stars, lost in a sea of orgasm-but the
next second, I was shoved back onto the ground.
Awild roar shook the air, and I felt the knot swelling.
----
I spread my legs wider to make room.
His thick seed kept spilling, dripping down my swollen pussy lips.
He pressed against me, sniffing my neck roughly. His fur clung to
my back.
He tried to shove his manhood back in-too rough, too wild. The
thick knot couldn't pass my overstretched entrance.
"Tt hurts... wait, Drakkar...
aah, stop!" Something pulsed painfully
inside me; he thrust again, tearing.
The scent of blood hit my nose.
"We have to shift, Lyra, or he's going to hurt you!"
"jahahhh!" I screamed over my wolf's voice. Jaws clamped onto
the back of my neck, almost slicing through my veins-it hurt like
hell.
Tbared my fangs, summoning the shift, resisting under him.
He was out of control, his weight crushing me into the ground as
he began transforming, trying to take me like that with no warning.
"Stop it, Drakkar! STOP FORCING THE BOND, DAMN IT!"
I threw my whole body back, roaring, Alpha muscles bursting with
adrenaline.
My oppressive aura poured from every pore, lust tangled with fury.
When I turned around, threatening, fangs fully out and ready to
shift, what I saw stopped me cold.
----
He had fallen into the pool, fighting himself.
Half wolf, half man-both sides struggling for control.
'Those damn runes slithered like venomous snakes over his skin,
making him claw at his fur and flesh, his hands covered in blood as
he roared in agony.
"GGGRROOARRR!" My soul trembled.
He lifted his head, his face twisted with pain and fury. One yellow
wolf eye stared at me, and the other was black, human.
Both obsessed, both insane. Both wanted me, but they couldn't
merge their feelings.
"Calm down. Stop fighting.
The more you resist, the worse the
curse punishes you..."
"STAY AWAY!" that voice-a distorted mix of both-yelled at me,
stumbling back in panic, features contorted in pain.
Wolf and man couldn't become one. Their bond was about to snap.
"No, listen to me, wolfie. I'm going to heal you, just hang on... I'll
heal you, Drakkar."
A lump clogged my throat, my chest tight, my eyes blurry with
tears.
What was the point of my power if I didn't know how to heal my
mate?
###Chapter 942
----
Itried stepping into the pool to reach him. I hissed softly as the
----
hot water stung my sore center.
. [hurt you..." he took a step back, staring at the thin stream of
red leaking into the water.
"No, no, you just lost control because you want me so badly,
because you're mine and I'm yours." I tried to touch his face, but
his eyes were glued between my legs.
"Drakkar, it was just an accident..."
"No, no..." he started to shift slowly, shaking his head fiercely.
"Pm going to hurt you...
don't deserve you... I'm a beast... I want
to destroy you, Lyra... I'm going to break you completely..."
Each word built a wall between us.
He kept backing away and I just wanted to get closer. I felt him
slipping from me, like everything we'd built was crumbling.
"Drakkar, talk to me, it's the curse, but give me time, I can fix it...
Drakkar, wait, wait!"
Treached out to grab him, but he slipped through my fingers,
leaping out of the pool and running away-from me, from us.
I tried to climb out to follow his trail...
"No, Lyra, stop." Aztoria's firm voice halted me.
"This is worse than we thought. Don't push him today, give him
space to calm down or it' ll get worse."
"aztoria, I don't understand this curse. In a world with so little
----
magic, how can something this cruel exist between mates?"
"T don't know, but if we don't figure it out soon, one of you will be
lost-either the man or the wolf."
Her words filled me with fear.
I needed to find a cure fast, but I had
no idea how to break the spell.
If Nyx or Laziel were here, things would be different.
I'd never envied my siblings' powers-I'd always been proud of
my lycan bloodline-but now... I felt so damn frustrated.
"Guys, where are you? Maybe you wouldn't have even fallen into
this primitive world."
'The worst part? Drakkar was gone all night.
By morning, I returned to our home.
Aztoria said she saw him watching from afar, but he never came
close.
And when I got to the pack lands, he vanished into the forest
again
Thesitated at the door, staring across the plain toward the tree
line, torn between chasing after him or giving him time to come
back on his own,
'Today was the damn competition, and the sun was rising.
Before I could decide, a nasty voice rang out nearby.
"Well, you didn't waste time fucking like a bitch in heat."
I turned to see Verak's furious face. He looked like he'd been
----
waiting at the door.
Twasn't in the mood for peasant drama, so I walked past him
without making eye contact, but he grabbed my arm tightly as 1
passed.
"If you think this is going to scare me off, you're dead wrong. I
don't care if you let him taste you-because when I mount you,
you'll know the difference between us. Drakkar won't win."
He let go, dripping venom, before I could rip out his foul tongue,
and walked off into the pack grounds with firm strides.
"What a pathetic male, your cunt's still dripping with another's
cum and he's dying to get a taste."
Not even Aztoria's vulgarity shocked me anymore.
Doubt dragged through my chest, regret creeping in for being so
impulsive-for letting the mate bond control me when I should've
been patient.
I glanced again toward the wild monster of the jungle.
Thadn't taught Drakkar many tricks, and worst of all... would he
still want to fight for me, or would he hand me over to Verak?
###Chapter 943
----
16, I WILL NOT GIVE UP
LYRA
1 felt like a piece of meat standing there, right in the middle of that
rustic square, with all those lustful eyes checking me out from
head to toe.
They were my "suitors," and honestly, I never imagined there'd be
so many.
"Whoever tames the most powerful beast gets to claim this female!
With that roar, the Alpha kicked off this madness.
'My eyes scanned the crowd, searching for him.
He wasn't in the cave, and he hadn't shown up in the square either.
I watched the men walk away, my chest tightening around my
heart.
Verak's dangerous eyes stared at me from a distance, standing by a
small hut.
T knew he was plotting something, that he wouldn't just sit back
and do nothing. I was starting to regret suggesting this
competition.
What was the point if the male I wanted wasn't going to take part?
----
"Give him the benefit of the doubt, I think our little savage is
going to surprise us," Aztoria told me, though I could feel her
worry too.
"He better... because if Drakkar rejects me like this again, things
will change between us."
'My expression was full of danger when I said it.
I don't care who wins-f it's not Drakkar, I won't accept anyone
else.
eke
NARRATOR
The absolute ruler, the one at the very top of the food chain, was
the Dracotélion.
Standing five meters tall, with a robust, muscular body, skin
tougher than any of the other predators' armor, and powerful,
bone-crushing jaws-he had no rival.
Which is also why he was overly confident.
After all, who would dare to challenge him?
Still, dark eyes watched the nest hidden among the grass, smeared
with mud and the juice of Cassiépela toxic plants:
Someone crazy and desperate enough to plot against the deadliest
----
predator in the jungle.
After fighting one of the toughest battles of his life, Drakkar
decided that no matter the consequences, he wasn't giving up Lyra.
The female's tricks had awakened his primal mind, and now he was
thinking up traps of his own.
'The Dracotélion's most vulnerable time was during the breeding
season.
The female guarded the nest while the male went hunting.
Drakkar waited for hours, unmoving, patient. Not even a bug got
near him because of the toxic stench on his skin.
He'd chewed the antidote just like Lyra had shown him, and now
the Cassi6pelas were his best ally.
When the sun was high in the sky, he finally saw his chance.
The female came out of the cave, her steps shaking the forest floor
and leaving deep tracks behind.
She let out a warning roar, and Drakkar could practically see her
massive throat.
He swallowed hard, pumping himself up with courage, and once he
was sure the creature had headed toward the river, he sprang from
his hiding spot.
Moving fast, he dashed into the cave.
###Chapter 944
----
He quickly found the huge nest covered with grass, skinned animal
hides, and dry leaves.
There was only one egg inside. Luckily, Dracotélions didn't have
many offspring.
He unwrapped the leaves he was carrying-soaked in Brontocérax
dung-and dropped them near the nest.
While doing that, he heard the heavy, hurried footsteps of the
female nearby-she hadn't stayed long at the river!
He tossed the leaves aside, grabbed the egg, and sprinted out of the
cave, heading toward a herd of Brontocérax he'd found during the
night.
He raced through the jungle, dodging tangled roots and thick
foliage, with giant trees surrounding him. But a beastly roar
thundered behind him, shaking the skies.
The creature was after him, following the scent of her baby,
thinking Brontocérax had raided her nest.
Drakkar could already hear trees falling behind him as the furious
female crashed through the forest.
It felt like the earth wanted to crack beneath his feet.
He reached the edge of the Brontocérax herd, still asleep, and
climbed a hill, tossing the cursed egg down. It started rolling,
----
getting lost among the legs and resting bodies sprawled over the
soft grass.
"GRRRROOOARRR!"
The Brontocérax herd jumped up, startled by the warning cry of
the jungle's top predator.
'They were omnivores who also ate meat, but nothing compared to
a Dracotélion.
Perched in a tree, Drakkar watched the mother burst in,
desperately searching for her egg, only to find it crushed under the
frantic hooves of the other animals, who were now also trying to
protect their young.
It looked like a battle of titans; the massive black-scaled beast
stormed into the group, which began to attack her too.
Normally, they wouldn't mess with a Dracotélion, but they weren't
about to let their young get slaughtered.
Drakkar had achieved his goal. Why get your hands dirty if
someone else can do the job?
Still, he knew the Brontocérax, despite outnumbering her, weren't
guaranteed to win.
Once the initial rage passed, and they saw the Dracotélion
slaughtering several of them with her jaws, the herd began to
retreat.
----
'That was his cue for the final blow.
Drakkar leapt down from the
tree, spear in hand, its tip coated with toxic Cassiépela juice.
In his other hand, the armor made from the remains of the
Brontocérax he and Lyra had hunted.
He had turned it into a heavy, powerful shield.
Charging into the chaos, with more guts than certainty, Drakkar
searched for the moment to land a fatal blow on the most
dangerous predator in the jungle.
###Chapter 945
----
17. THE MOST DANGEROUS PREDATOR
NARRATOR
Amid roars, bodies crashing, blood in the air, and brutal violence, a
small werewolf slipped through any gap he could find to strike.
His spear could barely pierce the enemies' armor, but he fueled the
chaos, darting here and there.
BAM! BOOM! GROARR!
'The massive Dracotélion lifted the entire body of a Brontocérax in
her jaws, flinging it through the air and knocking over others in
the herd.
But every one of her scales was soaked in blood, her movements
slower each time, and several horned gaps sank into her tough hide.
Even so, fewer attacks came her way. The bodies of fallen
Brontocérax piled up around her, the females fled with their
young, and only a few males stayed behind to fight.
Birds flew off screaming in fear, smaller animals scrambled for
safety, and the whole forest was in turmoil.
Suddenly, Drakkar was spotted by a male Brontocérax and took a
full-blown hit from the beast.
BAAAM!
----
'The creature's horns clashed with the shield made from its own
kind, but the animal was stronger.
Drakkar's powerful body was hurled through the air at high speed,
and worst of all-straight toward the enraged female!
When the werewolf saw those huge jaws dripping with blood and
flesh, he knew that if he didn't act fast, he'd be swallowed alive.
The Dracotélion spotted the incoming threat.
Her short front legs were busy holding off another Brontocérax, so
she could only open her mouth to crush the intruder.
This was the scene that the three warriors saw as they arrived,
drawn by the noise.
From the safety of the forest, they witnessed what was happening
out in the clearing.
Brontocérax bodies scattered everywhere, and in the sky, an
unstoppable warrior roared, shielded by the hardened hide and
holding a spear in the other hand.
He had "thrown himself" straight into danger, fearless, charging
the Dracotélion head-on.
"That... that's Drakkar..."
'They were speechless. Their brains couldn't process what their
eyes were seeing.
###Chapter 946
----
"AAARRRGGG!" With a suicidal roar, Drakkar placed the shield
over his chest and dropped straight into the beast's jaws.
His entire body dangled in midair, shaken by the predator's
movements, held only by the root vines tying the antlers to his
arm.
'The female roared so loud it nearly burst their eardrums.
He was wounded, but adrenaline pumped through his veins-the
courage of the desperate.
The second the beast faltered, Drakkar gripped the spear and
rammed it with all his strength into the weak spot beneath her
neck.
He shoved it with rage and resolve.
A gush of blood burst out, drenching him as it pulsed with the
rhythm of the giant heart.
Feeling the predator's final struggle, Drakkar grew even bolder.
He could already hear the thunder of Brontocérax hooves as they
fled, finally free from attack.
'The warrior fell with the collapsing body of the monstrous beast.
Those small red eyes, burning with hatred, still stared at him in
disbelief that this insect had killed her.
----
BAAAM!
When the giant hit the ground, the surrounding trees shook
violently and a thick cloud of dust rose up.
Still, the warriors perched on the branches didn't miss a second of
this epic scene.
Drakkar pulled the spear from her neck and climbed up onto the
shield, still wedged in her jaws.
Beneath the blazing sun and golden morning light, they watched
him lift the spear and plunge it mercilessly into the predator's
eyes, sealing her fate forever.
His bronzed muscles bulging, veins popping, wild black hair
cascading down his back, tribal tattoos soaked in blood... He tilted
his head back and let out savage howls to the sky.
Amid a sea of predator corpses, he looked like the deadliest of
them all-and he truly was...
the most powerful being in this
world, even if he hadn't realized it yet.
eke
The sun kept rising, and Lyra watched one suitor after another step
forward.
Some beamed with pride over their prey, while others looked down
in shame, wounded and empty-handed.
----
Survival here was no joke.
"I could hunt bigger beasts than that little pig over there. Do they
really think they can impress me with these house pets?"
Aztoria mocked, eyeing the corpses laid on the platform.
Still, the other women in the tribe looked on with envy, and the
rest of the pack stared hungrily at the meat.
'They were small creatures, not major predators, but still
dangerous.
Everything changed suddenly when a wolf arrived, proudly
dragging a massive body behind him.
"Ts... is that a Brontocérax?!"
"Ran hunted it by himself! He's crazy strong!"
###Chapter 947
----
18. THE VICTORIOUS WARRIOR
NARRATOR
Lyra frowned when she saw what the gray wolf had dragged back
to the tribe with great effort.
"Help him!" the Alpha roared, thrilled.
First, because he'd finally get that annoying woman off his son's
back, and second, because what a great catch!
If he'd known that competing for females would push the males to
hunt like suicidal maniacs, he would've done it sooner!
Ran shifted into his human form, puffed up by all the admiration
and stares-everyone already saw him as the winner.
"Ran, how did you manage to hunt this giant?!"
"Ran, don't you wanna be my mate?!"
"Yeah, Ran, look! I've got nothing to envy that foreign female!""
The warrior looked at the women throwing themselves at him with
disgust.
Maybe before he would've been flattered, but who told them that
with those dark spots, yellow teeth, and greasy, tangled hair they
could even compare to Lyra's beauty?
----
Still, as he walked toward the woman he already considered his, he
remembered Verak's proposal.
But Ran was in heaven and had no intention of coming down.
The witch had given him a dark brew that filled him with powerful
energy-he felt invincible, though she warned him it wouldn't last
forever.
He got lucky that a wounded Brontocérax had crossed his path.
'The beast was fleeing, barely alive, and he finished it off.
No one needed to know the details, and when he looked into Lyra's
silver eyes, he decided that if the witch had given him a shot, he
wasn't handing her over to Verak.
"Lyra, L... What do you think of me?" He showed off every bit of
himself, fully naked, so the female could see exactly what she was
getting.
"T have a hut, you can move in whenever you want..."
"stop being so shameless and put some clothes on," the female's
growl shut down all his charm.
His "little buddy" shrank as soon as he saw her fierce canines,
scared it might get bitten off.
"You can't go back on your word! I hunted the biggest prey! You
have to obey the laws of the-"
----
"For heaven's sake, that...
that's Drakkar..."
"What's he holding in his hand?"
Hearing the murmurs, Lyra shoved the exhibitionist wolf aside and
stepped forward, eyes fixed on the entrance of the pack
Walking against the sunlight came the brave warrior, his face still
dripping with blood. He looked more beast than man.
Dragging behind him the massive paw of his prey.
In the other hand, the Brontocérax shield, cracked in several
places, showing just how fierce the fight had been.
It was obvious who the winner was-and it wasn't Ran.
"IT HAS TO BE A TRICK! THERE'S NO WAY DRAKKAR HUNTED A.
DRACOTELION! WHERE'S THE REST OF THE BODY?!"
Verak couldn't believe what he was seeing.
The whole pack went silent, stunned by the ongoing drama.
"Drakkar!" Lyra didn't care about anything else-just her mate's
wounds.
"Oh no, look what they did to him!" Aztoria screamed dramatically.
"Lyra," Drakkar rasped as he called her name, throwing the bloody
paw to the ground.
###Chapter 948
---- she had always been in his mind, his greatest motivationto win her over, to prove his worth, that he was no less than any other male.
still, what had happened between them the day before also lingered in his memory.
"Drakkar, come on, let me look at those wounds..." She reached out to touch him, but the warrior stepped back with a frown.
"No, dont touch me, Im filthy." Lyra didnt like his coldness, but she didnt insistthey were surrounded by too many eyes.
"What kind of seam is this?!" "You think were stupid or what?" "Stay away from Lyra!" Suddenly, the rest of the warriors snapped out of their shock and stepped forward, demanding answers.
No one believed that Drakkar had managed to do what the entire tribe couldnt together. Still, that thing in his hand...
was he really using the Brontocéraxs armor as a shield? "Dont even think about starting trouble," the Alpha muttered through his teeth to his son, gripping his arm tight.
---- His eyes sparked with warning.
Verak let out a snort.
Whatever it took, he wasnt going to let Drakkar make fools out of them.
"Drakkar!" The Alpha stepped forward to inspect the chunk of meat, making sure it really came from a Dracotélion.
Explain to me, where did you get this?" He could only imagine he'd stolen it from some scavengers feeding off the beasts carcass.
"I hunted it," Drakkar said proudly, staring the Alpha straight in the eye.
"I couldnt bring the whole body, but if you hurry to the southern valley, its there." Just as the Alpha opened his mouth to scold him for lying, a howl interrupted.
"TTS TRUE!" Three warriors had come running all the way, following Drakkar.
Two of them, shifted into wolves, were carrying a Brontocérax, and the third one, a chunk of the predator female.
The pack exploded with excitement again.
"Drakkar did it alone!" ---- "He slaughtered a dozen Brontocérax and we saw him kill the Dracotélion with our own eyes!" "Tt was brutal!" They looked at him like a god on Earth, that scene burned into their memories and soulsstories that would only grow more legendary with time.
"T hunted the most fearsome creature, and so I claim the right to mate with this female!" In the middle of the stunned murmurs, Drakkar made his bold, possessive declaration. His eyes, black as night, locked onto Lyras silver gazeintense, deep, filled with fear, but determined.
He had made her a promise, and even if he couldnt be near her the way his soul craved, he would protect her and take her safely home.
silass daughter's heart pounded with emotion, overflowing with love for her wild mate.
He had risked his life for her! "Dad, you're not actually considering this, are you?" Verak was seeing red.
"Why not? Drakkar is a great warriorand I underestimated him!" Before the Alpha could declare the winner...
"The hand of the female Lyra will be given to the warrior Drakkar! "The Healer stepped forward, ending the matter.
Follow new episodes on the Telegram Join Telegram Group 
###Chapter 949
---- 19, EXPOSING VERAK NARRATOR "That womans so damn lucky..." "I didnt know Drakkar was that fierce, even without his wolf.
Damn it, I should've mated with him..." Greedy whispers echoed all around.
In an instant, the males image changed drastically.
But before Lyra could end up yanking some slippery she-wolves by the hair, one of the warrior witnesses brought even more good news.
"Alpha, come on! Now that the animals were scared off during the fight, theres meat everywheretons of it!"" Right away, the fight was forgotten.
When theres food on the table, nothing else matters. Verak looked like he was about to blow steam out of his ears.
He wanted to skin Drakkar alive and prove he'd just gotten lucky, that he was still the same weakling as always.
But with the pack and the Healer watching, he couldnt do something like that.
"Get organizedelders and kids toowe're heading out to collect the meat!" the Alpha ordered, quickly mobilizing his people, but ---- not before walking over to Drakkar and giving his shoulder a pat.
He couldnt hide his admiration.
He knew those warriorsthey werent liars.
Strength was the only thing that spoke in this wild world.
"Warrior Drakkar, you've won this female by your own merit and proven your worth to the pack.
I want you on the hunting team," he said, officially including him as an important member of the tribe.
"You can pick a spot in the safe zone to build your hut.
We'll all help you.
For now, rest. We'll bring you the meat you earned dont worry." The hunters were the elite.
After the Alphas family and the Healer, they were the best fed, and their families held the top spots in the pack.
Drakkar just nodded, with no pride or excitement.
That kind of acceptance might've meant everything to him in the past...
now, it meant nothing.
Verak watched from a distance, then stormed off to lead a group through the jungle.
He had to see with his own eyes what that liar supposedly did! se 
Follow new episodes on the Telegram Join Telegram Group 
###Chapter 950
---- Lets get you healed, Drakkar," Lyra said softly once the square cleared in the blink of an eye.
"Alright," he replied wearily, his energy completely drained, barely staying on his feet.
"Drakkar, come to my hut," came the commanding voice of the Healer from behind him.
Lyra turned around, venom on the tip of her tongue.
she could hardly hide her hatred for that woman anymore, but her mates rough hand caught her by the wrist.
It was a silent warningnot yet.
They couldnt afford to provoke that woman, and she still knew Drakkars secret.
In the end, Lyra watched him walk away, following the Healer to her hut. "T bet you anything shes gonna ask him what tricks he used.
That woman is way too cunning," Aztoria grunted angrily.
"It doesnt matter if Drakkar tells her.
Better she believes I've got valuable knowledge and doesnt expose him just yet." It was urgent for them both to grow stronger and find a way to escape to the High Packs.
"Here comes that fool with the mini dick," Aztoria muttered, rolling her eyes.
In her eyes, only her mates cock was worthy of ---- praise.
Lyra faced Ran.
Hed finally put on a loincloth, but his face was dark with humiliationeveryone was saying he only caught that Brontocérax by dumb luck.
He'd gone from hero to opportunist in a heartbeat.
"Tll wait for you in that hut, and you better show up.
Its about.
Verak," he muttered through his teeth as he walked past her and disappeared into the homes.
Lyra sighed, fed up with the drama and with cuckolded Verak.
She was seriously considering arranging a little accident for him.
As if that wasnt enough, just a few steps away from heading to her cave to wait for Drakkar, she ran into another pathetic insect.
"You've got a mate now, so stay away from my man. If you try seducing him again..." "What are you gonna do?" Lyra stepped up to the bratthe Healers daughterwho shrank back, not expecting Lyras threatening attitude.
Why did she feel so intimidated? Wasnt Lyra just a weak little Omega? "]...
Plllbe the next Healer.
I can have you expelled if you go near ---- my mate..." "Your mate is the one chasing after me.
I dont give a damn about that idiot, and if you're not sure about that, come with me." Lyra grabbed her arm, not giving her a chance to argue, squeezing hard and dragging her along mercilessly.
"wait right here and listen to your precious future lovers plans see how rotten he really is.
And while you're at it, go find yourself, anew one," she said into her mind, dropping her near the hut where Ran was waiting.
Today, she was going to rip the blindfold off this pathetic, self- hating girl once and for all.
Follow new episodes on the Telegram Join Telegram Group 
###Chapter 951
---- 20.
THE MISTRESS OF THE FUTURE ALPHA.
LYRA aztoria, is there anyone else around, do you sense any traps?" I asked my she-wolf, scanning the area, alert.
"No, it's just that intense and annoying guy inside the hut." I walked to the entrance and pulled back the animal skin.
The pack was practically empty, everyone out hunting meat.
"Tell me, what do you want?" I stood while he remained seated on amat.
"You can still change your mind about the choice you made..." "Oh yeah? And why would I do that? Drakkar is the male I like," I told him straight to his face, hoping he wouldn't start with the same old crap.
"Because he just got lucky or pulled something shady, but what I'm offering you is way better," he began trying to tempt me: "I didnt actually want you for myself." Iraised an eyebrow at that. I didnt believe a damn word His lust-filled eyes at that moment told me otherwise.
---- "Verak made a deal with me.
He knew I was the warrior with the best chance.
In front of the pack, d claim you as one of my females, but in reality, you'd live in a separate hut and be his." "wait, wait..." I cut off his nonsense, snorting in outrage.
"So that wannabe Alpha expected me to stay hidden, quietly waiting in some hut, legs open, ready to please him whenever he felt like it?" "What more do you want? You'd be the future Alphas woman!" he snapped, standing up, hunched under the low ceiling.
"You and your pups would never go hungry! You're pretty, but dont get so full of yourself!" He looked frustrated.
I figured Ran planned to break his deal with Verak once he thought hed won, and now, scared, he was trying to win me over and score points with the next boss.
"And what about his fiancée, Nana?" I didnt even flinch at his outburst.
T kept my senses focused on the presence outside the tent, hoping the smells would mask her.
Maybe she knew one of her mothers tricks.
"Nana? Everyone knows Verak doesnt care about her.
Hes only ---- going to use her for convenience, to control the future healer," he replied, but I wanted to humiliate her more, maybe knock some sense into her.
"Sorry, Im not into leftovers another womans gonna use..." "Doesnt matter if shes the official mate, Lyra.
Verak is crazy about you.
I can guarantee you're the one he'll mount every night, " he said bitterly, his eyes roaming my body and making my skin crawl.
Any male would do the same..."" "Too bad the only male Im willing to give myself to is Drakkar. You can go tell your master that.
I wouldnt be Veraks lover even if he were the last man on Earth." "You're gonna regret this decision! Lyra!" But I left him cursing and slipped away before he could try anything else.
I walked with confident steps and passed by a silhouette hidden between the huts.
I knew it was Nana, but I didnt stop.
We're not friends, and Im sure she hates me.
I tried to open her eyeswhat she does next is up to her.
[headed toward the old witchs hut.
Hopefully, she hadnt given Drakkar anything harmful again, and ---- that he wasnt dumb enough to trust her anymore.
RE 
Follow new episodes on the Telegram Join Telegram Group 
###Chapter 952
---- NARRATOR "What tricks did you use to hunt those animals?" Gertrudis went straight for the throat, not bothering to beat around the bush.
"And dont lie to meI know you too well, and I know you're weak because of your...
condition," she clearly meant those strange things that appeared on his skin and shackled his wolf.
Drakkar had suspected from the beginning that she called him there for this.
He stood in front of her, seated on a fur, exuding superiority.
He'd risked himself so many times to gather rare herbs for her, knowing she sent him into dens of dangerous beasts, all for that brew that was slowly killing him.
His desperation to seem normal in the pack had driven him to madness.
"] stole the egg of a Dracotélion and left Brontocérax dung to confuse her," he answered calmly.
The healer frowned. Honestly, that was a pretty good idea.
Why hadnt anyone thought of that before? ---- Of course...
who had the guts to sneak into that beasts nest? "Where did you get that shield? speak!" she pressed.
She knew damn well that little woman was involved.
The High Packs knew a lot more than they did.
Lyra mustve given him those tricks.
"I found it among the carcass of a Brontocérax.
Lyra told me how to use it," Drakkar wasnt one to lie, but for the first time, he did to protect Lyras secrets.
Gertrudis wasnt buying it.
she was getting angrier.
suddenly, her wolf picked up the stench of that red flower on Drakkars body.
How the hell didnt he have pustules or blisters from the toxins? He was breathing just fine! "What did you do to not be affected by the stinky flower?" thats what the locals called the Cassiépelas.
"Talk, Drakkar, or I might just open my mouth in front of the Alpha! This is your packyou owe us that womans secrets!" She tried to stand with the help of her cane, but her legs trembled, her whole body weak.
Every time she used that spell to draw the tiniest bit of magic from ---- the miracle crystal, she felt herself aging fasterand she was right.
She gave power to that idiot Ran, and he still lost to that troublesome she-wolf! He was easier to manipulate than Drakkar! "You can rat me out, do whatever you want to me...
but if you lay a hand on Lyra..." he stepped forward, and Gertrudiss eyes widened as she broke into a cold sweat.
she suddenly felt the shadow of a massive, furious beast looming over her.
"I wont stand by and do nothing, got it?" Drakkars dangerous voice and glowing red pupils made her tremble beneath the furs. Still, she wasnt a woman who'd survived so many moons for nothing.
"and I won't stand by and do nothing if I see my pack is in danger, " Gertrudis gripped her cane until her knuckles turned white.
"We outnumber you, and the moment I say you're a freak, we'll burn you and your woman in the square." A low growl rumbled from Drakkars sharp fangs.
The healer started to fear for her lifeshe was playing with fire, flirting with danger.
But the entrance suddenly burst open, shattering the tension as a crying Nana ran in.
---- Drakkar turned and left, feeling he might do something crazy.
If that old hag dared touch Lyra, hed gut her with his bare hands even if they had to flee through the jungle afterward.
"Mom!" Gertrudis went from paralyzing fear to worry for her daughter, who threw herself into her arms, sobbing against her chest.
###Chapter 953
---- 21.
MY STAR IN THE DARKNESS NARRATOR "What happened, Nana?! Who hurt you?" "Mom, Verak...
Verak was going to trick us all to get that woman..." she sobbed, hiccuping as she told her what she heard inside the hut.
There, there...
maybe that was just a trap from that harpy to humiliate you.
Dont be like this," she patted her back, clearly distressed.
This was the pup she had later in life, when she thought she'd never have an heiress.
Nana was the apple of her eye.
How dare Verak try to make her the laughingstock of the whole pack? And that woman...
Lyra again...
if only shed never shown up... She had to get rid of her.
And Drakkar too! That male was turning into the very threat she had always feared! She wouldnt live forever, and Nana had to become the next Luna Healer.
She needed Veraks influence as the future Alpha.
Gertrudis clenched her teeth, full of hatred and calculations as she comforted her pup.
---- She could easily expose Drakkar, but deep down she had always feared his mysteries.
His previous healer mentor had found him as a baby in the jungle.
Said he had a vision that guided him to the boy.
Hed been crying on the grass, surrounded by predatorsand not one dared to eat him! Thats why he saved him.
He predicted Drakkar would become powerful, that he couldnt be offended.
But when he struggled to awaken his wolf at eighteen, everyone labeled him as weak.
Gertrudis saw him as a threat that needed to be kept poisoned and under control.
Now, he was rebelling because of Lyra.
How could she get rid of both of them quietly? Soon, the answer to her prayers arrived.
seek The Spring Festival was about to be held in the Red Jungle pack, far more advanced than theirs.
A team of warriors would be sent for trade, mostly to barter for salt, a valuable resource for the pack.
---- The journey was long and dangerous.
Anything could happen...
even sudden deaths.
"Alpha, since Drakkar is now a warrior, send him with the team.
and have him show off his new hunting tricks," Gertrudis suggested as soon as she heard the news.
"Great idea!" "Father, this time I'll lead the men," both turned to Verak, who spoke with a firm expression.
Gertrudis frowned. She wanted to say no.
They couldnt risk the next leader.
But the Alpha made the call: alright.
That way the other males will respect you even more.
Its settledyoull lead the expedition." wee But before the next challenge on the path, returning to the moment when Lyra waited for her male in front of the mountain...
"There comes our sexy wild mate" Aztoria was drooling as always for her man.
"Drakkar, you took too long.
Is everything okay?" Lyra came closer, worried by the dried blood covering him from head to toe.
"Yeah, Im fine...
and you?..." his low, husky voice asked her in return.
###Chapter 954
---- He regretted leaving her alone yesterday, but it had been for the best.
He didnt trust himself.
"Drakkar, nothing happened to me.
It was just an accident..." "Pm going to the river to wash up.
Ill bring something to eat," he cut her off, avoiding her gaze coldly.
Lyra felt like she was back at the beginning, "Your wounds...
Drakkar!" He walked away without looking back.
Her silver eyes burned holes into his back.
She couldn't let him push her away like this.
But the next few days showed her just how stubborn Drakkar could be.
They lived in the same cave, but he avoided her like the plague.
He even dug out a separate space for her to sleep in, more sheltered and alone. Lyra was on the verge of explodingand she was the most patient of her siblings.
Dealing with Laziel wasnt easy, but he was her brother, and when he got insufferable, she could always call their elders.
---- Now, she had to tame her wild wolf all by herself.
One morning, low, far too suggestive sounds woke her up.
She opened her eyes in the darksunlight barely kissed the horizon.
Moving silently, she slipped out of the little cave.
A curtain of braided vines served as a door.
Her wolf eyes narrowed when she saw her males powerful back.
She had managed to heal him with herbshe refused to drink her blood.
Mmm...
Lyra..." the Alpha shivered hearing him whisper her name in restrained moans.
His shoulder moved, one hand hidden in front of his body.
Drakkar, sprawled on a fur in the corner shadows, was facing the wall while trying to ease his painful morning erection.
His rushed breathing lit Lyra on fire, her center dripping.
The raw scent in the air made her want to ravage him.
She stepped closer without making a sound.
Drakkar gritted his teeth, stroking himself like he hadnt in ages.
His fist moved hard over his thick cock.
---- Every morning was torture.
Noevery damn day spent beside her, dying to touch her again, had been pure hell.
"Grgh...
Lyra...
Lyra..." he groaned her name, afraid she'd hear him.
His hips thrust forward, ass clenched, his swollen cock dripping with need. He thought he was hallucinating that sweet, glorious scent.
suddenly, a body lay down against his back.
Hot, heavy breaths brushed the muscles on his neck.
Drakkar froze she had caught him! Before he could pull away, a small hand slipped under his arm and wrapped around his waist.
Lyras soft palm closed around his ready-to-burst shaft.
Amoan of pure lust echoed in his ear.
"Drakkar, dont push me away...
Let me please you, just let me touch you." Gentle kisses caressed the tattoos on his sweat-slicked skin, making him shiver with pleasure.
He closed his eyes, giving in to the forbidden temptation.
---- No matter how hard he fought it, fate always dragged him back to this incredible woman.
His light in the middle of all the darkness.
He loosened his grip and let Lyra take him to the heights.
###Chapter 955
---- 22.
JUST AN ABOMINATION DRAKKAR Iclenched my teeth, every muscle in my body tensed.
Her small hand moved up and down, faster each time, making it even better.
My balls throbbed with painful urgency, the scent of mating driving me insane.
Her soft breasts pressed against my sweat-soaked back, her breath hot on my neck.
"Mmm, Drakkar, come for me..." Her moans made me growl and thrust my hips forward with desperate lust.
My rough hand moved down and clutched hers, letting out a hoarse moan, lost in every sensation Lyra was awakening in my animal instinct.
Tcould still feel her pussy, mmm, the way her softness wrapped around my cock, her body completely surrendered beneath mine.
aggerr..." I roared as I exploded between her fingers, my cock pulsing hard, spraying the stone wall.
Shhh, this female drives me wild.
I cant stop craving her.
Why? T want to mount her so damn bad, devour her completely and never ---- let her go. "Lyra..." I groaned her name, trying to hold myself back, but the beast was slipping out of control again.
I was going to hurt her...
1 couldn't...
Ijust couldn't...
I sat up suddenly, staring at the dark wall, catching my breath, clenching my fist so hard it felt like I'd break my fingers.
"Drakkar? Are you okay?" she asked, and I hated myself so much for making her think I was rejecting her.
The scent of her sweet pussy reached my nose.
She must be unsatisfied.
"T'm...
okay...
could...
I could do the same thing you taught me in those waters, or what you just did now, but...
I dont know how to touch a female with my hand..." I dared to look at her lying on her side on the furs.
Damn it, her fair skin looked pink like ripe fruit, hot air slipping between her thick lips.
I wanted to bite them.
"You dont have to.
I just wanted to help you." "Lyra." I grabbed her arm as she was about to get up.
I knew she was lying.
Her eyes avoided mine, but her scent in heat couldnt fool me.
"T'm not going to hurt you ---- "Pve never been afraid of you hurting me, Drakkar," she said, her eyes fixed on me like two shining stars.
"What happened could happen to anyone.
You were just too intense, and 1...
I liked it." "No.
You bled. I...
you have no idea all the things I wanted to do to you," I said, raising my voice a little.
She needed to understand.
I wasnt normal.
But suddenly she leaned forward, her long claws grabbing my jaw, her pupils narrowing, revealing her inner she-wolf Id never seen before.
Lyras aura changed, wrapping around me possessively.
"and you have no idea, Drakkar, all the things I want you to do to me," she whispered just a breath away from my mouth, her tone dangerously low.
"So dont try to get inside my head.
I know exactly what I want.
we have a deal, and next time you want my blood..." "Mmm..." I moaned in surprise when she squeezed my cock.
"You're gonna have to fuck me or the deals off." I didnt even know how to respond to that.
My cock was already hardening in her hand.
###Chapter 956
---- But Lyra didnt wait.
She stood up and walked toward her cave.
Lyra, wait..." I tried to follow her, though I had no idea what to say.
That I was dying to have her.
That the craving was growing stronger in my chest each day.
That I didnt want to just use each other anymore, I...
"Drakkar!" I heard a roar near the entrance.
1 frowned, recognizing Verak, and jealousy came crashing back.
He wanted her.
The thought of them together made rage boil inside me. I walked toward the caves entrance, still naked, her scent clinging to my body.
"What do you want?" I looked at him defiantly, grabbing my skirt and slowly putting it on.
I knew he saw the marks on my skin.
I knew he smelled the mating.
If he thought Id mounted her, even better.
First of all, speak to me with more respect," he bared his fangs, trying to use his Alpha aura.
That never worked on me.
---- "Dont think Im buying that whole hunting story.
Im sure Lyra showed you something about her people," he snapped, stepping closer, but I didnt move an inch.
"My female is aroused.
If you dare take one more step, Ill show you how I killed the Dracotélion." Bucking weakling!" I braced myself for a fight, consequences be damned.
Drakkar! Whats going on?" Lyras voice called from inside the cave, halting Veraks attack.
He backed off, annoyed, his beastly eyes flashing, parts of his arm covered in fur.
My aura flared too, threatening, ready to kick him out of my home and far away from my fem...
from Lyra The Alpha requests your presence at the central hut," he finally said.
His gaze drifted into the darkness behind me.
He couldn't hide it he was dying of jealousy because she was with me.
"Enjoy her while you can," he spat before heading down the mountain slope.
Istared into the distance, an unbearable ache in my chest I didnt know how to deal with.
---- I didnt even understand what I felt for Lyra.
I only knew that beast inside me was getting harder to control.
Ironically, I wasn't its master either, and my time with her was running out. Either she would leave...
or Id be the one to collapse.
"Drakkar, why does the Alpha want you?" Her hand caressed my back and I closed my eyes, memorizing every sweet sensation.
"I dont know.
I'll go to the meeting.
Dont wait for me.
Tl go hunting afterward." I pulled away, grabbing my spear and leaving the cave.
I didnt need to look back to feel her eyes on me, filled with disappointment.
Thats what I amA failure.
An abomination that never shouldve existed.
###Chapter 957
---- 23.
MAGIC MINERAL LYRA Thad never felt so frustrated and angry.
Drakkar was proving to be more hard-headed than a damn rock.
Lyra, I think I can go out now.
I need to burn some energy because Im seriously thinking about biting a certain savages ass.
Aztoria suddenly said to me, and honestly, I agreed.
I slipped out of the cave and away from the pack. Once I was sure no one was following me and there was no danger, Lundressed, Truth is, my clothes were already a mess.
I should start thinking about wearing pieces of hide, but theyre too rough and primitive.
I'd deal with that later.
Right now, I called the shift.
I closed my eyes and welcomed the pain of releasing my animal side.
Fell to the ground on all fours, my gums swelling and parting for my sharp teeth.
My face stretched into a muzzle, my limbs cracked, each bone and muscle fusing into anew being.
---- My skin burned as my pores released a thick layer of fur.
Iraised my head and Aztorias roar echoed through the tall trees.
I dove into my inner world and gave her full control.
She grabbed the clothes with her powerful jaw, and a white she- wolf almost two meters tall started running wild through the forest.
Her senses were alert to every predator around, danger lurking even on the branches or flying in the air.
she ran and ran.
I tasted the wind through her senses, the intense smells surrounding us. Thad no idea how long Aztoria explored, her paws flying fast, loving the challenge.
We were powerful, a different kind of Alpha, magic running in our blood.
The longing for home hit me again.
I missed my parents, my grandparents and great-grandparents.
I was raised with so much love that even Uncle Daves mean jokes now felt kind of hilarious.
I sank into the darkness, forgetting, disconnecting from everything.
###Chapter 958
---- Hours later, Aztoria started calling for me.
Lyra, Im all dirty.
Lets go to those hot springs.
She suggested, and I agreed.
The scent of danger still lingered, marking the place, but after Drakkars massacre, the jungle had calmed down.
We entered the narrow cave that led to those wonderful pools.
Aztoria and I shifted back, and I finally sank into the healing water, staring with bittersweet feelings at the spot where I had been with my mate.
Lyra, I feel a strange energy deeper inside this cave, Aztoria suddenly said.
strange energy? Why didnt you sense it before? { wasnt in top shape back then, and besides, it was obvious you were too busy checking out my mans big cucumber. Iwas speechless.
What the hell was I supposed to say to that? Let's see what it is.
I stepped out of the pool, walking across the hot ground, leaving behind a trail of wet footprints.
The deeper I went into the caves darkness, the more suffocating ---- the atmosphere became.
Still, I didnt stop, because now I could feel the strange energy coming from deep inside the mountain.
The cave split into two.
I kept alert and moved through the narrow passages, following my instincts.
The tunnel opened into another chamber, and I had to cover my face to keep the heats steam from burning my skin.
Abright light stabbed into my pupils.
I was inside a chamber with a huge hole above, opening directly to the clear sky.
Lyra, is that what I thinkit is? Aztorias excitement came through our bond, and I instantly understood why.
It wasnt just the cracks in the ground releasing steam and making me sweat like crazyit was the glowing spots embedded in the walls.
Tts Gaia! I shouted in excitement, stepping toward the nearby wall and running my hand across the black crystals.
Their magical energy sparked, resonating with the magic inside me.
This mineral was too important.
It had been found in the lands of the old Dark Realm and was believed to amplify the power of magical beings.
---- An elemental was the one who discovered it; they were way more advanced in crafting weapons and tools.
As supernatural creatures, we never had to build those kinds of artifacts. Why would we, when our bodies were already the best weapons? Lyra, if we manage to forge a weapon, itd be amazing for Drakkar! Aztoria had the same thought as me.
My eyes shifted to the white steam rising to the clouds.
This whole cave was a natural forging furnace.
I didnt know the exact process, but we could give it a try.
{ have to find him now.
We cant do it alone, I said, rushing back, full of excitement.
I grabbed my clothes by the springs and got dressed quickly, running through the cave until I reached the main one.
But my head was spinning with so many thoughts, focused on how to make the weapon, that I didnt notice the other presence near the cave Until I slammed right into the hard chest of a man.
###Chapter 959
---- 24.
FOUNDRY LYRA Fora second, I thought it was that annoying Verak chasing me again, but I couldnt even react when strong arms wrapped around me.
"Lyral" Drakkars anxious voice echoed above my head, his heart beating hard against my ear.
"Drakkar..." "Why the hell did you leave the pack and come this far alone?! Its dangerous!" He pulled away, grabbing my shoulders, eyes full of worry.
"...
[just came to bathe..." "You shouldve waited for me.
I thought...
I thought..." His pupils twitched, the shadow of runes began crawling over his skin as he struggled for control.
The wolfie thought wed leave without him." Aztoria understood Drakkars feelings too. "My gorgeous man, Im not going anywhere without you, babe." "Drakkar, I wasnt going to run away, you told me you were going hunting..." He hugged me again, burying me in his chest, hands wrapping ---- around my head and back so tightly it almost hurt, but my soul felt sweet.
"Tm sorry, Lyra.
Im not pushing you away because I hate you, I just...
I dont want to hurt you," he murmured, breathing heavily.
It mustve hurt to fight against himself all the time.
Drakkar, its okay, calm down, little wolf..." "When I got to the cave and didnt see you..." He paused, hesitant to share his fears.
"I'll take you home.
Dont run from me, Lyra, dont run away from me." I closed my eyes and held him tighter.
?Of course Im not running, you silly insecure mate.
Now that Ive found you, Im the one whos not letting go? Seconds passed in silence, wrapped around each other in the middle of the jungle, feeling him sniff deeply at my hair, his hand awkwardly tracing my curves.
"The Alpha said I had to go with the trade team," he finally burst the bubble we were in.
"Trade team?" I asked, raising my head.
"Pll tell you back at the pack, this place isnt safe..." "No, no." I stopped him when he tried to pull my hand.
"Lets go inside the cave.
Ive got something to show you too." ---- Then we headed inside, into the treasure we had discovered.
Drakkar started telling me about the trade exchange, and my mind began plotting especially since we'd finally be leaving this pack.
"Drakkar, come, theres something I want to show you.
Its really important," I said, guiding him through the narrow tunnels. "Lyra, its too hot in here, you could get sick," he stopped in front of me, shielding me from the smoke pouring out of the vents.
My heart was hotter than this whole cave.
"Dont worry, look at this, Drakkar, its amazing! It can be used to make powerful magic weapons!" I pointed at the stones, and his rough fingers reached out to touch them.
"I think I saw something like this once in the healers cave, but it was blue," he whispered, deep in thought.
My brow furrowed, thinking about his curse.
always assumed that woman didnt have the power to imprison such a strong wolf like Drakkar...
but what if Im underestimating her? Theres so much I still dont know about this world.
Either way, I couldnt do anything about it now, and time was ticking.
###Chapter 960
---- "Drakkar, lets try making weapons.
For you.
Maybe we'll have one to trade at that festival.
lll go with you," I said, deciding.
Thoped he wouldnt say no.
He turned to look at me with those deep eyes that were my downfall.
"Twont be left alone..." "No.
Youre coming with me.
I'll take care of you, Lyra.
I'll protect you with my life." "Oh Goddess, its hot as hell in this cave." Aztoria purred like a cat, and I was in heaven from just a few sweet words.
"1m going with you forever, Drakkar, always," I sighed, putting aside my crazy urge to jump this male.
"Dve got some ideas for daggers.
Itll be hard work, but I think we can do it." That's how we started experimenting. With a lot of effort, Drakkar managed to carve out four stone molds shaped like hollow daggers.
It was tough to find the right rock mix, then chisel them out without proper tools.
They kept breaking, or the edges came out super weak The lines were rough and crooked, but theyd have to do.
---- Now came the next tough part.
Inside that cave full of toxic gases and suffocating heat, we had to extract the Gaia using raw force.
Ijust supervisedDrakkar wouldnt let me do a thing, especially after I got a small cut that didnt even hurt.
Lyra, with my strength I can pull that Gaia fragment faster." Aztoria said that as my eyes stayed glued to my mans muscular back and bulging biceps, hammering the mineral wall.
He looked so sexy, sweating, grunting, rough and hardworking, but without his wolf, over half of his strength was off the table.
"Drakkar, I need water, Im so thirsty..." I walked up fanning myself, pretending to faint.
Lyra, I told you not to be here!" He instantly scooped me up against that hard chest, my nose buried in the wild scent of honeysuckle, his black hair tickling my face.
He carried me out of the cave, laying me on a rock by the hot springs.
"Pll get water.
Dont move!" he growled before bolting off toward the nearby river.
---- Asilly-in-love smile crept onto my lips.
Stop grinning like an idiot." I rolled my eyes at Aztorias words the biggest perv of all.
I slipped back into the mountains core.
Tused my strength combined with the magic surging in my veins, claws like steel piercing through the shiny black crystals starting to loosen and fall.
Aztoria, dont pull them all out or Drakkar will notice." Run, run, damn it, hes coming back!" she shouted, startling me.
Irushed back and barely got my butt on the rock when he entered.
the cave, holding a container made from some plant filled with fresh water.
Drink slowly," he said, holding my head like a little kid and bringing the rough surface to my lips.
The cold water slid down my throat deliciously as I drank, eyes locked on his, full of worry.
"You're sweating too much.
Ill do it myself.
Rest here." I loved this protective, possessive side.
I adored how he took care of me. In the end, the Gaia loosened more easily and we managed to fit ---- the pieces into the stone molds.
Now came the most critical part.
"We need to place them over the fumarole so they melt." Iooked at the cracks, worried we had to find the most active one.
"PIL do it." "Drakkar, be careful.
They can shoot out steam suddenly.
No, no, not barefoot! You need to cover your feet or youll roast." That cost us more time.
Dawn was already rising above us, moonlight filtering in through the crater above the cave.
Using old pelts we found in the beasts cave, plus fresh leaves and roots, I wrapped Drakkar from head to toe.
Only his big black eyes were visible.
Biting my lip in fear, I watched him closely, ready to save him.
With the stone mold balanced on the flat end of a halved log, Drakkars steady hands carried it to the fumarole.
"Drakkar!" I screamed when a cloud of hot gases shot up as he placed the last mold.
###Chapter 961
---- 25.
AJOURNEY FULL OF DANGERS LYRA Ilunged to grab him, but that huge, agile body had already jumped back.
"Drakkar, that scared me," I checked him overhis skin was red, but there were no burns.
Lyra, is this okay?" he asked, staring at the four molds cooking slowly.
"We need to wait until tomorrow...
I think it's working," I answered with a sigh.
Honestly, I hoped this primitive smelting would work.
The next day, we'd be walking through the dangerous jungle to reach that distant pack.
The worst part? Drakkar and I had nothing to trade.
But if these weapons worked, hunting along the way would be a piece of cake.
We barely slept a few hours, and at dawn, we ran back to the cave to see if the smelting had worked. se bbk "Oh no!" I sighed, disappointed, as I pulled out the first mold.
Once again, Drakkar used that log as a makeshift shovel.
---- "One side cracked, I carved it too thin," he frowned, blaming himself because the Gaia had leaked through a gap.
"It's okay to fail.
If we can make even one, its already a success," I said, trying to stay positive.
After all, this was our first try wed get better.
But when the second and third came out, our spirits dropped.
One had melted well, but the other mold didnt hold.
"Ym no good at this..." my pessimistic little wolf was already blaming himself for the cold that had hit a predator nearby.
"Dont worry.
If it didnt work, its fine.
We dont have good conditions here," I said, raising my hand to stroke his beard.
Finally, the last mold was removed.
"Lyra, is this one okay?" Kneeling, we looked at the compact black shape of a crude dagger.
"I think it melted perfectly, Drakkar!" I yelled excitedly.
"Throw the mold as hard as you can!" "No, no...
it might break..." "If it cracks, then its a failure anyway.
Just throw it, dont be afraid." ---- It was the ultimate test and when Drakkar hurled the mold against one of the walls, stone shards flew everywhere, and a metallic sound echoed across the ground.
I rushed over and grabbed the dagger in my hands.
The handle was rough, uncomfortable to hold, but what really mattered was the blade.
Theld it up, tilting it toward the light.
It looked like countless sparkles shined through that deep black.
Iraised my other hand and sliced my palm with the tip. "Lyra, no!" Drakkar caught me immediately.
"Why did you do that?!" His mouth lowered, and his tongue gently licked the wound.
My mind filled with wicked, wicked thoughts.
This man was making things really hard for me.
"Its not healing, Lyra, its not healing!" he started to panic.
"Dont freak out.
Remember, my blood is special, so I be fine soon.
But Drakkar..." I made him look at me.
"This mineral is special.
If it wounds a werewolf or any creature, it wont heal quickly.
They could bleed out easily." I warned him about the power of Gaia.
###Chapter 962
---- "Then we better not tell anyone.
!'ll keep it a secret, or others might crave it and attack us," he said, echoing my exact thoughts.
The fact that only one turned out okay made it even rarer.
It would give my man an edge over the other wolves.
"That's what we'll do.
Now lets find some good leather to wrap the handle so you can hold it better.
It can also be sharpened.
Lets hurry or theyll leave us behind." We headed to the main cave, planning to perfect our secret weapon. The handle wrapped in skins, the blade sparked as it was sharpened against a mineral stone.
Finally, we made a sheath to hide it in Drakkars skirt belt.
Stone Knives were common, so it shouldnt raise suspicion.
Riding on the broad back of my beautiful wild man, I was carried back to the pack, where everyone was getting ready to leave.
seek NARRATOR When Verak found out Lyra would be joining Drakkar, he felt fury burning inside him over how close they'd become.
But then he thought of the advantages If everything went as planned, he'd get rid of that idiot Drakkar ---- and then comfort his widow.
He was dying to tame Lyras fire.
Hed already made it his personal challenge.
"Go with the blessing of the Wolf God!" The Alpha and the whole pack stood at the exit to say goodbye.
The Healer chanted her fanatic words and prayers, but her pupils lingered on the discordant couple.
Then she exchanged glances with one of the warriors, who quickly masked his complicity with Gertrudis He had his orders, hed been bribed, and hed do whatever it took to fulfill the old womans wishes.
In these journeys, accidents were common, and many never made it back.
Loaded with heavy bundles, about twenty people departed through the jungle.
They carried precious spoils from their huntsboth personal and communalto be traded for salt, nice clothes, and exotic things they couldnt find in their pack.
"Look at that female, such a fool.
Lets see if she dies with how weak she is..." A shame, shes really pretty..." ---- "She's not the only one.
Other females are going with their mates too.
Stop being so damn jealous. Some women whispered, eyeing Lyra riding on Drakkars back with just a small satchel.
They looked more like they were out for a stroll than heading off to trade.
Verak took the lead, following the directions of an old warrior who had gone on these trips before.
His mind was sharp, but also focused on the woman walking in the middle of the group, unaware that his own fiancée was following them in silence.
Nana still hadnt learned her lesson.
Her coming-of-age birthday was the next dayand Verak would be gone! And if Lyra was going, then she'd go too, no matter what.
Using her knowledge of stinky leaves, she masked her scent and snuck out of the pack, trailing behind Verak.
Her mother would never approve, but she was ready to fight for her love and show Verak she was just as much a woman as Lyra.
###Chapter 963
---- 26.
RESCUE OF THE DAMSEL NARRATOR Morning moved on and the line of werewolves advanced stealthily and ina hurry through the jungle.
Always alert, always watching out for predator attacks.
Fortunately, there were no major incidentsjust a brief run froma small group chasing thembut they were all getting close to the first rest stop safely.
"Past those big trees, there's a lake that's pretty safe, the trunks keep big beasts from getting through," the experienced warrior told Verak.
Behind them, the others walked more relaxed. "Hey, look at Drakkar carrying his female, why don't you do the same with me?" Lyra watched the conversation between a woman and her mate with some amusement.
"She's a delicate she-wolf, but look at your feet, you could break rocks with those crusts." "You little...!" "ft." Lyra covered her mouth to keep from laughing out loud, but ---- the rest of the men werent as kind and burst into laughter and teasing.
The few remaining females smiled kindly at the woman.
Truth is, they also wouldve loved to be carried on someones back like Drakkar carried his woman.
The Alpha locked her silver eyes on her mates sweaty nape and buried her nose in the roots of his black hair, pressing her fingers into his strong shoulders.
Her little wolf was so cute, she could carry him with one hand, but Drakkar insisted she might get tired, that she was weak.
None of them were about to say no to that kind of sweet gesture.
"shut the hell up, all of you!"" Veraks angry roar cut through the cheerful vibe.
"You think we're safe?" he glared, locking eyes with Drakkars black ones, who hadn't said a word.
He was about to speak again and try to act like the leader when a womans scream startled them.
"Someone's calling for help..." one of the men looked to the right.
"sounds like..." "VERAK, HELP!" ---- "Thats Nana!" "You stay here, the rest with me!" Verak quickly organized the warriors and ran toward the screams and growls.
He couldn't believe that idiot had followed them in secret all this time.
Drakkar kept carrying his female, walking slowly toward the safe spot, completely indifferent to what happened with the others. sek "ahhh!" Nana screamed in panic, watching the sharp teeth and snout trying to pierce through the rotten hole she had squeezed into.
A hungry predator had been hunting her for a while, and even though the stinky herbs hid her scent, it eventually attacked.
she'd been pretty lucky along the way.
"VERAK, AAAHH, GO, GO!" her legs kicked at the scaly snout, almost slipping between those teeth covered in disgusting chunks of meat.
The beast grew angrier, and the wood of the trunk gave in under its, pushing.
Just as it was about to rip off a chunk of her, it turned with a threatening hiss to face the men coming to attack it.
###Chapter 964
---- Luckily, it wasnt one of the big ones, or even Verak and the five warriors might not have been enough.
But working together, shifting into their wolves and others wielding spears, they surrounded and cornered it, attacking until they killed it.
"Verak..." Nanas eyes filled with tears and joy when she saw her man.
"Lets go, damn it, the smell of blood is gonna attract bigger animals!" He grabbed her arm roughly and dragged her through the thick leaves and vines, hiding among the trees. You guys go ahead, the lake's close by," Verak finally told the other warriors after their rushed escape, now feeling safe.
Nana lowered her head in shame, feeling all the judgmental stares, but no one said anything out loud since she was who she was.
As soonas they were alone: "Verak, I..." SMACK! A slap landed on the girls face, leaving her stunned, her hand touching her bruised cheek.
---- Her chin was grabbed tightly and Veraks rage-twisted face was suddenly right in hers.
"Dont you EVER dare do anything like this again in your damn life, " he growled through clenched teeth, fully aware of this females intentions.
"Do you even realize the danger you put yourself and usin? If anything happened to you, your mother would blame me!" "I just wanted to be by your side...
I turn eighteen tonight, and I wanted to spend it with you!" Nanas tears streamed uncontrollably, worse than when she was about to be eaten alive by a wild beast.
Verak stared into her bright eyes, exhausted.
Nana was a beautiful, young woman, desired by many males, but to him she had always been a spoiled little girl.
7m not sending you back because we're already too far," he let her go in frustration. "Lets go back to the others." "Verak! I can teach them a bunch of tricks I learned from my mom! I'm not any less than Lyra!" she yelled, chasing after him like a submissive little tail, forgetting all about the pain in her cheek.
That was exactly what bored the warrior the most.
He liked tough females...
Verak had been drawn to Lyra since the ---- very first time he saw her.
###Chapter 965
---- 27.
HUNTING A CHICKEN.
NARRATOR "Wow, it's beautiful!" the view of the lake was spectacular, surrounded by mountains and a dense forest.
It was a pretty nice and peaceful place.
Some of them threw themselves onto the grass, exhausted from walking all day, while others went looking for fresh water to soothe their throats.
Drakkar lowered his precious cargo from his back, setting her down ona rock.
"Lyra, do your legs hurt?" he asked, worriedly eyeing a few spots where her skin had reddened from the sun.
Lyra was sweeter than honey. She had just sprawled out lazily on her mates muscles.
"No, Im fine.
What about you? Am I heavy?" she reached out to stroke his beard, and Drakkar shook his head, closing his eyes and enjoying the feel of her fingers From afar, they looked exactly like what they weretwo people with deep feelings for each other.
"Drakkar, come hunt with us! We saw some Stalodonts nearby!" the warriors were excited, and the women were already lighting ---- fires to roast the meat.
"No, Lyra doesnt like Stalodont meat.
Its too tough," Drakkar answered without hesitation.
She had eaten almost all the Dracothelion and Brontocerax meat, but Lyra hadnt liked it much.
"Lorenzo, did you hear that? Ive got delicate teeth too, dont hunt that tough thing and go find something else!" the same woman with the crusty feet kept teasing her mate.
are you joking? Look at the bite you gave me last night!" he showed her his arm, still marked with fierce teeth prints.
"You bite harder than a Dracothelion!" "You're such a jerk! Learn from Drakkar, Im gonna leave you for being so rude!" The laughter followed the couple as they ran along the riverbank, bickering.
Truth be told, they didnt seem too worried about the woman in danger.
"Lets go find something delicious to eat," Lyra took her mans hand and walked away from the rest.
After all, they were carrying their own secrets too.
They explored the area nearby Drakkar looking out for danger, and Lyra spotting edible and medicinal plants.
---- "Its alemon tree! This goes perfectly with roast chicken! Mmm, my grandmas roast chicken is so good," she smacked her lips, already drooling at the memory.
Then she realized she had unconsciously mentioned her family, and still wasnt sure if she should tell Drakkar the truth. She glanced sideways at him, those black eyes always tuned into her every move, but the warrior had locked onto something else.
"Whats chicken? And besides, that fruit is super sour, its not edible," he stared at the small, yellow lemons the female was gathering so excitedly.
Lyra figured maybe chickens didnt even exist in this world.
So she gave him a quick description, just hitting the important parts.
They have feathers and they fly?" Lyra nodded, a little unsure.
"Must be an Ungarnix." "Unga...
what?" "Ungarnix, a flying feathered chicken," Drakkar had already shoved the animal into the "chicken" category.
"If theres a lake, we might get lucky and find their nests." He said it while taking her small hand in his much rougher one.
###Chapter 966
---- That gesture had become second nature to him.
He carried the little leather pouch full of plants on the other side.
They moved to a shore far from curious eyes, damp rocks and moss all around, pebbles under their feet.
There they are, but theyre hard to catch since they nest in the center of the lake and fly away when you get close," Drakkar was already thinking of how to catch them for Lyra.
As for the Alpha, she was pleasantly surprised that those creatures looked like big, fat ducks, several kilos each.
But their sharp beaks looked dangerous. Looking around, she found the solution to their problem "'See those dry reeds? Grab them, Ill show you how to sneak up on.
them." Then, in just a few minutes, the tall warriors body was slowly sinking into the lake, his eyes locked on the "chickens" nesting on the aquatic plants.
Once the water was up to his neck, he brought the hollow reed to his mouth and moved forward, unafraid of drowning or being spotted.
Lyra watched the "little stick" move in the direction of the distracted animals.
---- suddenly, in the middle of the stillness, a loud squawk rang out and the whole flock took off, leaving their nests behind.
But blood tinted the water around two fat Ungarnix, stabbed from below by Drakkars sharp blade.
His black hair broke the surface as he quickly grabbed his prey and snatched a few eggs from a nearby nest on the way.
There were other predators in the lake, like flesh-eating fish, and the blood would attract them.
Lyra clapped as she saw him approaching with two heavy kills in hand.
"Lyra, this weapon is super sharp, I only had to stab once!" Drakkar was as excited as a pup, every little thing with this female felt new and amazing.
Lets make beggars Ungarnix!" the Alpha jumped on him, kissing his chin and soaking herself with the cool river water.
Crazy to rip off his loincloth with the excuse of drying it in the sun. Drakkars eyes lit up seeing her that happyhed face the entire world for that smile.
He gutted the prey right there to clean out the insides and plucked the feathers.
Gaias dagger sliced through the meat like butter.
---- Lyra stuffed the insides with herbs and some sweet fruits to add flavor to the dish, then rubbed what little salt they had left over it.
Wrapping everything in a big, smooth leaf and tying both Ungarnix with vines, they returned to camp so they wouldnt be alone in such an isolated place.
Verak and Nana had already returned too.
###Chapter 967
---- 28.
INTRUDERS NARRATOR The smell of roasted and charred meat was already rising with the smoke in the air.
The werewolves gathered in groups around the fires.
When Lyra saw Nana, the girl quickly looked away in an unnatural way.
The Alpha sighed, thinking about how some women didnt have a shred of dignity.
Whatever.
That wasnt her problem. Right now, she needed to feed her man.
seek One hour later...
"] told you, that womans just looks and nothing else, her brains totally empty." some of the females whispered, having been watching all the weird stuff Lyra and Drakkar had been doing from the start.
Wrapping a lump of leaves with mud near the lake, then digging holes and burying everything, covering it with more dirt and lit embers on top.
What kind of ritual was that? Obviously, it wasnt for food.
---- "Poor Drakkar, he must be starving with such a useless woman." Nana secretly enjoyed the criticism toward Lyra.
Next to her, Verak talked with the warriors, but his attention was always locked on the platinum hair glinting under the last rays of sun.
Even if it turned out to be disgusting food, if it came from her hand, hed eat it gladly.
sek After along, long wait, when everyone had already devoured their hunt and were chatting nonsense waiting for nightfall, a tempting smell started drifting in the air.
"What in the heavens is that smell?" "[ dont know, but Im drooling, it smells amazing..." "Look, girls!" all eyes turned to the couple off by the shore.
The embers had gone out, and the hole was being dug up again.
From inside came a hard ball of mud, and when Drakkar smashed it open with his fist...
"Wolf God, what kind of food smells that damn good?" Greedy eyes followed every move.
---- Lyra opened the blackened leaves and revealed the tender, golden, fragrant meat of the Ungarnix. What kind of dish was that? Those noses were about to suck up all the air with how hard they were sniffing, and Drakkar, with the steam hitting him right in the face, was about to launch himself at the "chicken." The long wait had been worth it, but he always thought of Lyra first.
"Lyra, you eat," he said, pushing the little mountain of meat toward her, while he went to dig up the other Ungarnix buried in the pit.
"Dont be silly," Lyra laughed in his face, seeing the drool about to drip from his sexy mouth.
"You know Im not gonna eat all this.
Lets eat together.
Oh, wait!" She pulled out a lemon, and Drakkar pierced it with his basic stone knife, letting the juice fall over the tender meat just as Lyra had told him.
"] think we ruined it," he frowned, "that fruit is super sour." "My silly wolf, taste it, come on." Drakkar sliced off several pieces with the stone knife and offered the first one to the she- wolf, who brought it to her mouth with delight.
###Chapter 968
---- "Mmmm, delicious, absolutely delicious," Lyra moaned, eyes closed, lips shiny with grease.
Drakkars eyes dropped straight to that spot...
and to her little pink tongue licking it clean.
His cock twitched under the leather, and the wild urge to lick her hit him hard.
Ahem...
better focus on trying the beggars chicken, as Lyra called it, even if he didnt know what a beggar was.
When the explosion of flavor hit his taste buds, which were used to boring roasted meat, Drakkar discovered yet another pleasure in life. His jaw started moving at an insane speed, barely holding himself back from tearing into it all and leaving none for Lyra, who watched him amused.
"Pm full already," Lyra wiped her mouth and drank from the natural container.
"Are you sure? Didnt you like it?" Drakkar worried about how little she ate.
"Its good, really good, but its enough for me.
Eat up so you'll stay strong." With the green light given, Drakkar showed what it meant to ---- devour kilos and kilos of meat without even breathing.
Lyra thought hed choke at any second.
Others who were gulping nonstop were the warriorsuntil one of them got tired of just watching.
Verak heard them taking back everything they'd said about Lyra and even offering some of their belongings to trade for the fragrant dish.
He clenched his teeth in rage, seeing the proud face of that idiot Drakkar and how he refused to share his females food.
Lyra couldve made that for him! He was about to roar at them to go set up the leather tents for the camp when suddenly, chaos broke out.
Lyra had shared the secret of how to hunt Ungarnix and cook them beggar-style.
That earned her goodwill instantly.
1m going to hunt Ungarnix right now!" even though night had already fallen, the males ran off to try the stick trick.
Verak was about to explode with rage. "Then pitch the tents yourselves!" he roared at the women who had stayed behind.
---- He was about to take a walk to clear his headand to shake off clingy Nanawhen his whole body went rigid with alert.
He stared hard toward one side of the bushes.
Drakkar stood up instantly too, shielding Lyra behind him.
Footsteps approached, and a group of warriors from another pack appeared by the lake.
The worst part was, only a handful of females, the experienced warrior, and Drakkar with Verak remained to defend their people.
The rest of the males had wandered off in search of prey.
"show yourselves clearly! Who are you, and why are you trespassing in our camp?" 
###Chapter 969
---- 29.
BUYING FOR MY FEMALE LYRA A group of warriors appeared out of nowhere.
Aztoria and 1, ready to fight if needed.
They walked until the flames lit up their faces and we realized there were some women among them too.
"alpha Yeron?" the experienced male who was leading the way stepped forward, eyeing the newcomers.
"See? I told you it was old Omar!" Ina second, the tense atmosphere shifted. Turned out it was another group coming to trade, and they already knew our guide from past travels.
The Alpha was his friend, so they decided to join our people.
After all, more people was better.
Within minutes, the lakeshore became lively and more fires were lit.
Inoticed they were more advanced than Drakkars tribe, with better ~made clothes and even ceramic items.
I stared at the pieces they started showing to the other women ---- from our pack.
Cant blame them for being amazedeven I was kind of drooling over those soft, well-treated furs, fluffy and in bright colors.
Id never seen an animal with that kind of fur before, only those ugly scaly and rough ones.
"You like Fyras fur?" Drakkars husky voice whispered in my ear.
We were sitting a little away from the main group.
"Well, theyre pretty...
but its fine, we'll be able to hunt and trade at the festival," I gave him a smile.
Truth was, my clothes were falling apart, but whatever...
the hides we had in the pack were way too rough and uncomfortable. Soon the men from our camp returned, carrying those weird chickens, and followed my steps to cook them.
The newcomers joined in curiously.
They kept sneaking glances at Drakkar and meguess it was because of all the over-the-top praise coming from our tribe I kept trying to ignore Verak, who from the shadows didnt waste a second to eye-fuck me.
Goddess, what a pain in the ass...
not even with his female clinging to him like a fly on sh*t.
Aztoria kept blocking the dumb attempts of his wolf to get close.
###Chapter 970
---- "PIL be right back.
Dont worry, Lyra." suddenly, Drakkar stood up, and before I could say a word, I saw him walking toward the group of strangers.
They talked about something, but between the chatter and the excited roars of people digging mud and opening holes, I couldnt make out what the secrecy was about.
"Lyra, should we follow him?" Aztoria asked when we saw him head into the woods.
I tensed, knowing how dangerous it was to be out alone beyond the circle of trees.
No, Drakkar is strong.
If he didnt bring us along, he must have his reasons," I replied, though deep down I was worried sick.
1 distracted myself by sticking eggs into the hot ashes of the fire to cook them, throwing in some dry straw, but my eyes kept drifting toward the woods Just as I was about to go look for him, rough sounds of fighting echoed, growls and then a BAM! that shook the ground.
I jumped up, nervous. "What was that?" "smells like beast blood...
stay alert, everyone, there could be predators fighting nearby..." ---- The camp tensed up, but out of the shadows came a powerful, wild warrior covered in blood.
"Drakkar!" I ran toward him, thinking he was hurt.
"Lyra, dont touch me, you'll get dirty," he stopped me before I could throw myself on him to check him over.
"Im not hurt, its the animals blood.
Dont worry." He gestured and walked back to the group of women.
Everyone stared at him in aweespecially the newcomers.
"You asked for a big beast in exchange for that Fyra fur," he pointed at the one I had been eyeing.
"That's true...
but I dont see you carrying anything," the woman looked behind him, confused.
Drakkar came back empty-handed.
"Your male can go fetch the prey.
It was huge and didnt fit through the trees." When he said it so casually, all eyes locked on him in disbelief.
"Warrior, I hope you're not joking.
I dont like big talkers," the Alpha stepped forward with a frown.
"Drakkar, you better not embarrass me in front of our allies," Veraks dumbass voice made me grit my teeth.
"You just need to go get it.
Its heavy," Drakkar didnt even flinch, ---- his face serious as ever. The Alpha himself, along with the womans mate and two more guys, headed off in the direction where Drakkar had left the predator.
I didnt doubt for a second that itd be amazing he had a secret weapon they didnt know about.
I stood by his side and he looked at me intensely.
He'd risked hunting alone at night just because I was interested in those furs.
aww Lyra, we have to make something real good for our man tonight.
Aztoria filled my head with all kinds of sexy images.
Worst part? I totally agreedwe had to reward my mate.
Dragging sounds got closer, along with the warriors heavy breathing.
"Holy shit, Drakkar hunted a male Stalodont by himself!" The shout came quick, followed by gasps of amazement, all eyes shining in admiration for my man.
###Chapter 971
---- 30.
NEED YOU TO FEED ME LYRA The four men had brought back pieces of one of those predator beasts.
Its legs looked thick, the head huge with a high crest and full of deadly teeth.
"How did you do it?" The Alpha of the other pack had the rest of the meat brought and asked Drakkar with way more respect than before just got lucky," was my mans modest response as he locked eyes again with the stunned woman sitting by the fire.
are you giving me the clothes for my female or not?" "What?... Oh, yes, yes of course, you can pick two outfitsit's alot of meat!" She answered with eyes still wide, looked like an honest woman.
"Lyra, pick the ones you like." I felt like I was floating as I bent down between those soft furs to choose my primitive outfit.
I could feel the staresenvy, jealousy, and of course, pure hatred.
---- "You're so lucky...
You can tell your man adores you..." "shes so pretty! And her clothes are so different and good quality! The outsider women started complimenting me, and I just smiled softly.
"Lorenzo, go hunting right now, I want one of those soft hides this ones too rough and it hurts my body!" a sudden complaint was heard from one of the tents.
"Are you crazy, woman? I cant go out alone at this hour.
Deal with it, your skins tougher than that male Stalodonts." Laughter filled the place again, and I had a feeling Lorenzo would be sleeping by the lake tonight.
Standing up with the garments in hand, I walked toward my man, ready to eat him alive and not leave a single bone.
"Thank you. You didnt have to do that." "You liked them," was his low reply, with that sexy tone that drove me wild.
"Lets go wash up...
Im feeling a little weak," I whispered, looking into his eyes, hoping he wouldnt turn me down again.
The spark in his gaze told me temptation had won this time, and he grabbed my hand to lead us away.
###Chapter 972
---- "Drakkar!" I rolled my eyes when Veraks roar echoed behind us.
Took him long enough.
"What is it?" "You cant leave, its your turn for the first guard shift..." He was practically foaming with rage.
"Oh hell no, this idiot is not ruining my romantic night!" Aztoria bared her fangs, ready to strike.
"No need, we'll stand guard!" Before things exploded, the Alpha from the other group shouted in his booming voice.
"In return, show us that awesome method for cooking meat!" Of course, my recipe was quickly passed along and explained.
Veraks face was priceless when we turned around and left him standing like a cuckold in the middle of the clearing. Drakkar and I slipped through vines and wild plants, following the river that led to the lake.
We reached a calm, hidden spot, far from the camp but still within, the protective boundary.
"Ym going to check that theres nothing dangerous in the water..." ---- "Wait, Drakkar! Just take off your loincloth." My plan to seduce him was starting, and before he could resist, my hands went to his belt to start undressing him.
He stood in front of me, stiff, head low, his deep eyes just watching me remove his only piece of clothing.
My fingers caressed his pelvis as I slowly pulled the leather down, enjoying his deep groan when I accidentally touched his thick, half-hard shaft, "Mmm baby, just a few innocent touches and youre already hard...
you really are a reliable one," Aztoria licked her lips, eyeing the pink tip peeking out from the darker hood of his shaft.
"Go..." I cleared my throat when my voice came out too needy, "go check the water." 1 forced myself to look away so I wouldnt keep devouring him with my eyes.
His body gave off an intense scent of blood and honeysuckle.
Drakkar stepped into the water and under the moonlight I devoured the sight of his strong tattooed back muscles and those firm ass cheeks flexing with each step, the water barely brushing his thighs.
"Lyra, start taking off your clothes...
so we can bathe." ---- "So we can bathe." Ihuffed and pulled off the last scraps of my ragged clothes.
My senses stayed alert to our surroundingswe were alone...
for now.
Islid the fabric down, feeling the night air kiss my bare skin.
Lyra, no... what?...
What are you doing?" his magnetic, wild voice called out from the river.
"Dm gonna wash, like you..." I stepped forward, loving how his pupils narrowed at the sight of my naked bodymy breasts and Venus mound.
"T dont want anyone seeing you.
Some male might show up," he frowned, the sweetness of his possessiveness pouring from every pore.
I glanced at the leather skirt he wore, the one that reached his knees.
Ibent to grab it, heard his thick swallow, and smiled inside as I wrapped it around myself like a sexy little dress.
###Chapter 973
---- 31.
MUTUAL PLEASURE LYRA I pulled it up over my breasts, leaving a shameless amount of cleavage exposed, and the lower edge barely covered my pussy and ass.
"Is this better?" I asked as I stepped into the water, watching that monstrous cock rise proudly, revealing the deep desire burning in my man.
"Yeah...
yeah, better," he said, starting to wash his body, diving into the deeper part and disappearing into the dark currents.
"Looks like someones trying to cool off," Aztoria and I laughed inside, amused by how flustered he was, but tonight, we werent going to have mercy.
I dove in too, moaning from the rivers chill, releasing my Alpha predator aura to scare off any aggressive little fish.
I found a smooth, comfy rock and laid back on it, thighs slightly spread, gazing at the sky and waiting for what came soon after.
A powerful shadow hovered over my body, sliding right between my legs. "Lyra..." I sat up to lookat his gorgeous face, twisted with lust.
---- His cock touched my thigh, so hot I could feel the veins pulsing against my skin.
"Can I give you my cum already? If I just touch myself alittle..." "No," I cut off his low, tempting words.
"This time, you're going to touch me.
Didnt you say you wanted me to teach you?" He swallowed and lowered his head toward my pussy, barely covered by a scrap of leather.
"Yes...
yes, I really want to please you." "Give me your hand." Confused, he lifted his rough, big hand.
I leaned forward and licked two of his fingers, tasting the fresh river drops and the wild flavor of his pheromones that drove me insane.
I took them into my mouth, sucking them like I was dying to do to his hard cock.
My pussy was getting wetter, tingling, begging to be touched by Drakkar.
"put them here," I guided them to my core, leaning back a little more and spreading my legs wider on the rock to give him full access.
---- Aztoria was roaring with arousal inside me.
"Mmm," I moaned, biting my lip as that calloused hand started rubbing my clit, setting me on fire.
Drakkar was a damn good student and soon learned that the rough pads of his fingers made my pussy twitch with pleasure, had me squirming, begging for him to grope me harder.
He explored between my folds, playing with my pleasure button, right at the edge of slipping into my slippery entrance.
"Binger me now, Drakkar, with those fingeahhh yes...
my man...
sshhh... oh Goddess that feels so goo My pelvis jerked up as my pussy was speared by two thick fingers.
My hands braced on the rock, my wet body began to move to the rhythm of his deep thrusts.
My ass clenched, hips swaying, folds quivering.
Looking into his lustful eyes through my trembling lashes.
Pleasure built in my belly.
I exposed my tits and started rubbing them in front of Drakkars hungry gaze.
Suck them," I growled, my voice a mix of me and my she-wolf, both of us needing him desperately.
I offered him my breasts, and while three fingers deliciously fucked my pussy, ---- his hot mouth latched on and sucked my nipples like a starving beast.
"Aaahhh," I moaned loud when he hit that sweet spot inside my sheath.
###Chapter 974
---- Drakkar felt the urgency and fucked me with his fingers without mercy, over and over.
My hips pumped up wildly, uncontrolled.
I grabbed his wrist and pushed it harder between my thighs, moaning like a horny, filthy bitch.
Wet, sinful slaps escaped my pussy every time his knuckles slammed in.
splashing juices that soon turned into a waterfall as I came hard from my mans masturbation.
"Aaaaahhhh," I threw myself onto his body, wrapping my legs around his waist and my arms around his neck. Moaning deep into his shoulder, soaring into pure bliss My whole body trembling, our hearts racing in syne.
I could feel his raw need.
He stabbed his fingers in two or three more times, stretching out my orgasmic waves, then yanked them out suddenly.
---- I felt his hand desperately moving on his cock, stroking to release himself.
He growled like a beast with clenched teeth.
That dark, dominant magic tangled with the desperate need of his wolf to rise and claim us.
I pushed him hard to snap him out of it, then sank into the river, kneeling with the water up to my breasts, lips parted beneath Drakkars huge cock, which he stroked with a tight fist.
"In my mouth...
mmm...
cum in my mouth, give me your delicious cum..." I moaned like a whore, my she-wolf taking over, my body burning with lust.
Felt like my heat was creeping closer with every second.
My claws dug into his thighs, my fangs pulsing, elongating.
I stuck out my tongue and started swirling around the reddened tip, tasting the thick drop that rolled over my taste buds. Breathing in the spicy, intense scent of his raw masculinity.
"Grrr, Lyra...
mmm..." Drakkar growled, his hand moving faster, that relentless fist, my greedy lips sucking the head, taking it deeper each time.
---- I devoured it deep, sucking him with hunger, gasping for breath while drowning in lust and dirty fluids.
"Mmmm...
what a delicious cock...
sshhh I want to eat you whole, Drakkar." 
###Chapter 975
---- 32.
CURIOSITY KILLED THE SHE-WOLF LYRA A beastly roar echoed above my head and hot jets spilled into my burning mouth.
I swallowed and swallowedDrakkar didnt hold back at all, giving me all his essence.
My tongue licked up every last drop, eyes closed, pleasure sky- high.
suddenly, my hair was grabbed, forcing me up.
His cock popped out of my lips with a filthy sound, and I was shoved against the rock, facing those wild, wolfish pupils.
1 didnt resistt let him grow! like an untamed animal against my neck, feeling his fangs growing, his licks desperate.
"Aahhh!" I moaned into his jet-black hair, hugging him to me while I fed him my powerful blood. Theld back the pain from the venom that was nearly cleansed from his system, keeping that dark magic suffocating him in check.
Bent over my body, I let him drink until he was satisfied.
---- Our bodies and souls, more and more intertwined.
I closed my eyes lazily, basking in the release of a mind-blowing orgasm, but Aztoria spoke in my mind.
"Lyra, that womans been watching you two for awhile.
Shes using those stinky herbs that blend with the air." "T know.
Looks like she wants to learn how to keep humiliating herself for a man who doesnt love her.
Let her." "But shes eyeing my mans ass..." Aztoria growled, getting angry.
"Dont waste time on Nana, she only has eyes for that idiot Verak." Iwouldnt spend another second thinking about that dumb girl.
By the time Drakkar finished feeding, Nana had already left.
Lyra, did I hurt you?" I heard the uncertain question while he licked me and hugged me tenderly.
Drakkars violence, now under control.
"No, Im fine," I answered, pressing my hands to his chest, his sexy mouth inches from mine.
The intense masculine taste still pulsing on my tongue "Did I do it right with my hand?" ---- "What do you think?" I wrapped my arms around his neck, smiling flirtatiously.
"Seemed like you liked it...
you squirted a lot and made those sounds with your mouth..." "You like the sounds I make when you touch me?" "Lyra..." he growled low, our foreheads pressed together, his hard- on again poking my belly.
"Answer me, Drakkar." "I dont just like them... they drive me insane...
I love them...
I...
1 live to hear you, to please you...
only me, Lyra..." His conflicted eyes looked at me, full of storms, his fingers traced the fullness of my lips.
He seemed torn, wanting to say things he couldn't.
Lkmew very well that, even without his wolf, he was starting to recognize me as his Thesitated, unsure if I should tell him the truth and stop tormenting him with a goodbye that would never come.
"Drakkar, actually I..." "sshhh..." I was suddenly silenced as he looked alert toward a spot.
###Chapter 976
---- My senses extended toosome guards were passing nearby.
"Lets go." A little frustrated, I was dragged back to the shore to dress in my soft new furs.
"At least we got a nice hand job out of it this time," Aztoria and her sarcasm.
"1 seriously need to break this damn spell and have my man fuck me properly!" If only things could be solved just by wanting them.
Drakkar and I walked through the tall grass, scaring off the fireflies floating around us.
Poor guy still had his loincloth soaked, but now he had the perfect excuse to hang it by the fire and get handsy under the hides at night. "Oh Goddess, if my father saw me, hed disown me.
Im totally lost.
Its all my slutty wolf's fault." wee NARRATOR Nana had walked away, full of shame.
Curiosity had beaten her sense of morals.
---- What did Lyra have that made males so enchanted by her? Today, she sawit.
For heavens sake, it was total indecency how she moaned while being touched by Drakkar, legs wide open on that rock, moving in such a...
vulgar, erotic way.
She didnt even know it was possible to swallow a males cock like that.
Drakkar looked like he was losing his mind from lust.
Nana had spied without blinking during the whole intimate scene.
Her body burning up, something dripping between her legs.
She felt like a volcano erupting curiosity had opened a whole new world to explore. As she ran off through the jungle, her limbs started trembling uncontrollably.
She collapsed onto the grass on all fours.
The moon above her had marked her coming of age hours ago, and now...
the change was beginning she was alone, facing the unknown, her body a mix of pain, heat and transformation.
---- She prayed to the Wolf God that Verak would be her fated mate.
But things would never go the way she hoped.
###Chapter 977
---- 33.
NANA'S SHE-WOLF NARRATOR "Aaaww!" Her painful groans blended with the hissing sounds of the night.
Panting on the grass, Nana's bones cracked as her body transformed, nails growing into sharp claws, and brown fur sprouting from every pore.
Her mind was a mess of confused thoughts, pain, and dizziness that nearly knocked her out.
She didnt now how long it lasted, only that when she opened her eyes again, she saw the world differently.
"Nana, Im your wolf...
My name is Reina," a somewhat shy voice spoke to her, and at first, Nana was lost.
"My wolf? Are you an Omega?" The question came out more disappointed than she meant.
She had always known she was weak, her mother spoiled her too much, but she dreamed of her wolf being a little stronger. "You...
you dont accept me? I can take good care of you," the beautiful little brown-furred she-wolf stood up clumsily.
Her pride was hurt, clearly sensing the disappointment from her human side.
---- "Of course I accept you, Im really happy we've finally connected, " Nana smiled, a little awkwardly.
Their bond was recent, but they had already seen each other's souls, and Reina felt sad.
Still, she made up her mind to prove to Nana that she could be useful and help her achieve her dreams.
"Reina, can you smell Verak? I want to know if hes my mate.
Lets find him." Nana lit up at the thought.
Reina quickly sprang into action, sniffing the air, identifying threats, running swiftly through the shadows of the underbrush.
Nanas memories held Veraks scent, and she found it near the campbut it was mixed with someone elses.
"What's going on?" Nana felt her stop and stare at a fixed point.
"1...
'm not sure we should keep going, and theres something else Thave to tell you.
Now that I smell him clearly...
that man isnt" "Who the hell is this?" The sudden appearance of a female from the allied group cut Reinas verdict short.
Nana stared in shock at the woman emerging from the bushes, ---- topless, adjusting her skirt around her hips.
Her tanned skin was covered in fiery marks from a passionate encounter.
Reina stepped back, wanting to escape from what she already knew was coming, but Nanas will kept her in place. "What's going on?" A muscular warrior stepped out from behind the she-wolf.
His bare chest was scratched up by female claws.
The loincloth in his hand, and his cock still out, dripping milky traces of recent release.
Veraks pupils locked onto the stunned wolf in front of them.
He had never seen her before, but her scent mixed with a new one gave him a clue.
"Nana?" he asked uncertainly, remembering she had told him something about her coming of age.
"Is that you?" "Nana, no!" Reina screamed, but it was already too late.
Nanas fury launched her forward, fangs bared and claws aimed straight at the throat of the woman who had seduced her male.
###Chapter 978
---- Her animal instinct, fiercely territorial, had awakened with the transformation.
"Where the hell did this crazy bitch come from?!" The female didnt waste time talking.
she instantly triggered her shift to face off against the Omega blinded by heat.
They clashed in a brutal fight, fur flying, rolling in the mud Verak stood frozen at the side until he realized how serious things were.
Nana mightve been brave for an Omega, and her wolf wanted to.
prove herself, but the other womans black she-wolf was descended from a Beta.
Her paw slammed into Reinas snout, making her howl in pain with a deep wound. she tried to twist away, but long teeth sank into her back.
she was lifted into the air and violently shaken, Her spine creaked dangerously.
The Beta flung her against a fallen tree trunk, seething with rage, and pounced to finish her off.
---- "Stop it!" Veraks powerful body stepped in to protect Nana.
"I said STOP!" He unleashed his oppressive Alpha aura, freezing the woman mid- attack.
The she-wolf growled furiously, satisfied to leave Nana in shreds.
"If you had a female, then why the hell did you fuck me?!" she roared through the universal bond, turning her back and storming off in outrage.
Such great sex, ruined by a lunatic.
Verak turned and found the she-wolf nearly unconscious, bleeding on the ground.
Deep down, he felt a little guilty.
This day was special for any werewolf; the first shift hurt like hell, and it was a moment when you could meet your other half.
"shes not my mate," his Alpha wolf confirmed what they had always suspected.
Even so, Verak picked up the small Omega in his arms and took her back to the safety of the camp to heal her.
Nana was still the next Healer. When he arrived, everyone was asleep, just a fire burning in the ---- middle and the lakes mist surrounding them.
He glanced toward the animal skins under a distant tree, where two bodies were curled up together.
Even though he could only see Drakkars broad back, knowing he was holding Lyra in his arms made her night even worse.
Drakkar had been acting strange, hiding something...
how did he become such a deadly warrior? He'd figure it all out.
He was already planning.
Drakkar wasnt coming back from this trip.
###Chapter 979
---- 34.
HE WILL ADORE ME NARRATOR Verak walked toward the rustic tent he'd set up, thinking about how hed handle Nanas drama the next day.
He was aman with needs, and even though he was dying to shove his cock between Lyras legs, he settled for fucking the offered she- wolf from the other group.
see The night passed without major incidents, and just as the sun was about to rise, Verak opened his eyes.
He was alone under the fur roof.
Nana? he called out with a raspy voice, sensing her outside.
He stepped out and found her sitting in front of the fire, roasting a piece of meat.
Even though Verak had given her a bit of his blood and she now had her wolf, she still had bruises and cuts on her body.
Did you sleep well? Verak sat across from her, surprised by how calmly she spoke to him.
He thought she'd be screaming like a lunatic. Yes, I did, he replied, gathering his thoughts while glancing at ---- the awakening camp.
Nana, about last night...
Tts fine.
I understand you needed to let off some steam, the girl suddenly lifted her head and gave him a faint smile, her lower lip tugging at an ugly wound.
But Verak didnt like what he saw in her eyes.
Nana, we're not mates, and my feelings for you arent...
T dont care, The whole mate thing isnt that important in our pack.
Almost nobody finds their fated one, and I still want you as my male.
Verak sighed at her stubborn words.
Honestly, she was right.
Fated mates werent respected or even sought after in a dangerous place like this, where safety and reproduction came first.
Fine, but dont ever do something as reckless as last night again.
That she-wolf couldve killed you.
Then you cant fuck anyone else, she looked him dead in the eye and then toward the distant tree.
Her eyes sparkled with underlying threats.
Like it or not, I'll be the next Healer, and if you keep disrespecting ---- me, I wont support you as Alpha.
Ill say you dont deserve the role.
What the hell did you just say? Verak asked through gritted teeth, about to explode, but Nana stood up and walked toward the lake.
She looked deep in thought.
Inside, her wolf and she were at odds. But out of pride, interest, lovewhatever it wasshe would have that male at her feet.
Veraks eyes narrowed dangerously.
She had never dared to blackmail him before.
Looks like she was growing fangs now that she had a wolf.
Dark, twisted thoughts ran through his head.
Some were definitely going to stay behind on this trip.
see While Verak and Nana dealt with their mess, Lyra woke up feeling incredibly sweet, wrapped in the protective scent of her mate.
His strong chest beat against her back, and his muscular arm wrapped around her waist like a shackle.
Something hard and very awake pressed against her ass.
###Chapter 980
---- With sleepy eyes and a lovestruck smile, she wiggled a bit, lifting her rustic skirt with the panties underneathshe wasnt going to have her pussy out like these wild women Mmmm, the deep groan in her ear made her belly flutter.
Drakkar buried his face in her neck, sniffing her, pulling her even closer, fueling his morning wood.
Lyra...
he whispered her name in that way that always melted the Alpha.
Good morning, my warrior, she said, caressing his muscled arm, shivering at the kisses raining on her shoulders.
Every day, Drakkar was learning more and more about the art of seducing her.
Good morning, Drakkar replied in that same way she always greeted him.
Are you hungry? yes, baby... Give me alittle bit of freshly squeezed milk? Lyra blushed at her wolfs response.
really hope you dont say that kind of filth when you can talk to Drakkars wolf.
Why not? Im divine and sensual.
Hes going to worship me.
Pm not really hungry.
I'll just eat the boiled eggs that are left, ---- Lyra answered her mate, since her wolf was clearly a lost cause.
Pl go get some firewood, Drakkar said, trying to get away with a hint of discomfort.
The softness of that ass rubbing on his cock was driving him down a dangerous path.
are you going like that? Suddenly, Lyras hand slipped between them, grabbing the bulge nearly spilling out of his skin.
ssshhh...
Lyra, no...
Drakkar hissed, closing his eyes, trying not to start thrusting into that delicious little hand.
But it hurts...
['ll go to the river and deal with it.
There are too many males around.
I dont want them smelling you.
Thats enough...
mmm. Drakkar was sweating bullets.
That sinful hand slid under his loincloth, lazily stroking his length, running her nails along his sensitive, twitching dick.
With their backs to the group, he hid the dirty fondling from curious eyes.
But there was no way to hide the scent of arousal.
Lyra knew she was playing with fire.
She just wanted to tease him a bit, but when Drakkars mouth started moaning low against her neck, kissing her with hunger and ---- sliding his hand over her panties, she knew they had to stop.
Ahem, go to the river...
Drakkar, who had just been thinking about dragging her behind a tree and shoving a good morning down her throat, ended up being left behind like a horny puppy.
###Chapter 981
---- 35.
WE ARE BEGGARS NARRATOR Lyra stood up, fixing her clothes and glancing at him with those big confused eyes.
She held back the urge to laugh in his face.
Her bare foot stretched out, toes brushing along her mans exposed cock, stroking it up and down, making it throb.
If you keep being this good, maybe I'll give you more gifts when we reach that pack, she smiled flirtatiously, fighting her own desires. Drakkar swallowed hard as he watched her walk off to light the fire; the scent of her wet sex flooded him with lust and something wilder.
He touched his chest where the bond with his wolf twisted, unraveling knots and bindings.
The thought of having to part from her filled him with fear each daywild thoughts of keeping her by his side, of tricking her into not returning home.
He got up and rushed toward the river; he needed to clear his head and deal with the raging hard-on he was carrying.
sek ---- With both groups united, the journey to the pack was peaceful.
Lyra barely walked through the jungle, carried like a damsel.
she found many interesting plants, but one in particular made her excited.
Look, Drakkar, those black fruits are used to make a drink thats delicious and refreshing, Lyra whispered in his ear, and Drakkar saw the abundant bunches hanging in the branches.
However, there was one problenhow would they store the drink? Lyra let it go for now, and all her attention shifted to the mighty palisade they arrived at.
With pride, Verak gave the name of his pack, and they were told to present what they had brought. Drakkar had been hunting those past days.
They brought meat, untreated hides, and the large shield of a Brontocérax.
However, what had seemed impressive in the Fertile Valley Pack was only met with disdain here.
Lyra quickly understood the hierarchy, and once inside, they were separated from their temporary allies.
In fact, the scene was quite embarrassing 
###Chapter 982
---- Without waiting for anyone, Verak followed the allied Alpha, who was leading his people through another security gate.
Come this way! they heard Veraks command.
Lyra and Drakkar were at the end, but Lyra noticed that Omar, the veteran wolf, wanted to say something to Verak discreetly.
stop right there! Your pack cant enter the inner circle, two muscular warriors stopped him.
But they just went in! Verak pointed to the others already lost in the crowd.
They brought valuable things.
And you? Their eyes looked down on the worn leather bags.
All youve got is some rancid meat and scraps.
Your place is over there.
He pointed to a small open space hidden among some bushes. Verak wanted to keep arguing, but he wasnt in his own pack where he could hide behind daddys title.
Omar grabbed his arm and pulled him aside.
verak, I didnt have time to explain the setup.
This pack has two trade zonesone more important than the other.
You're a fucking idiot! he growled at the man, pushing him and ---- walking toward the area they were assigned.
Other men had already set up camp on both sides of the space, and the stench of their rotting meat made him want to puke.
suddenly, Lyra overheard a conversation near the gate.
My mate can pay for a comfortable hut, a she-wolf was talking to the guards.
Check these ceramic jars.
They brought out heavy terracotta-colored vessels.
They werent as refined or well-made as those from the Lycan Kings palace, but they were the best Lyra had seen here.
There are very few huts left, and many packs have already brought ceramics, one of the guards replied.
Its not enough.
He dismissed the woman right awayshe couldnt bargain much.
see? Thats why they called us beggars, Lorenzos mate whispered in her ear, and the murmurs of disappointment quickly spread among the others.
Most were first-timers, full of hope, thinking their pack was top- tieronly to realize they were at the bottom of the barrel.
Lyras mind was racing.
Those jars were exactly what she needed to store the drink She was determined to get a comfortable place to stay for her and ---- her mate.
Drakkar, take our things.
Lets take a walk around this area, she said, keeping her eyes on the she-wolf with the jars as she walked away, discouraged.
Verak saw them leave and could barely contain the rage inside him. He had completely embarrassed himself in front of Lyra.
Ts there any way to enter the main circle? he asked Omar quietly while everyone else laid out their blankets and displayed goods for trade.
well, yes...
but its risky and dangerous.
What is it? Verak was dead set.
Its a savage fight between competitors.
If you win in this zone, they let you compete in the central one and bring your people along, he explained, pointing to the guarded gate in the palisade.
Where do I sign up? Verak didnt hesitate for even a second, even if it meant getting beaten to death.
Meanwhile, Lyra was all about business.
She would sleep privately with her mateno matter what.
###Chapter 983
---- 36.
BARGAINING CHIP NARRATOR Lyra and Drakkar walked among the little makeshift stalls set up on the ground.
Even though it wasn't the central area, it was still lively.
The wolves haggled and traded their goods.
She wasnt sure if there were coins in this place, but she hadnt seen any yet.
"Hey!" she called to the woman heading to her rest area.
The female turned to see the intimidating male following a beautiful, delicate woman with platinum hair.
"Did you want something?" she asked, confused, eyeing the beautiful reddish Fyra fur Lyra was wearing.
"What are you asking for your clay pots?" Lyra went straight to the point.
The woman glanced at her mate beside her. They probably thought their pottery was worth a lot, but apparently, that wasnt the case.
"What do you have?" she asked, not really looking, just noticing a bag in Drakkars hands.
Lyra explained that theyd brought a heavy Brontocérax shield, ---- some meat, and a few medicinal plants.
"Sorry, I dont want any of that." "Do you like my clothes?" Lyra had noticed her greedy stare.
"Yeah, I like the Fyra fur, its hard to get." "T have another set," Lyra turned to look at Drakkar, who nodded.
No words were needed, she was asking if she could give it away, since he was the one who bought it, and Drakkar would only ever please her wishes.
In the end, the piece she traded was much simpler, but the girl walked away happy with her new outfit.
"Dont worry, we can always buy more once we get inside.
We're gonna do something amazing!" And just like that, Drakkar found himself dragged into another adventure.
They slipped through the woods toward the place where those dark fruits grew, kind of like the grapes Lyra knew, except these were bigger and juicier.
Why would something so good be left to rot in the middle of the forest? Because they grew surrounded by those toxic flowers, the ones she and her mate had the antidote for.
---- "Drakkar, we need to figure out how to crush them and turn them into pulp! We need to get the juice out!" They got to work and spent the whole afternoon and well into the night making their potion with primitive plants.
wee Meanwhile, Verak was fighting inside the massive tent that served as the arena.
Around him, roars of excitement echoed in his ears.
Hed spent the whole day basically fighting for his life.
Here, the bloodier the battle, the louder the cheers.
Hed made it to the final roundbleeding, exhausted, recovering in a corner with fractured ribs and wounds on his abdomen.
Verak, you're crazy to keep fighting like this! That other wolf's gonna crush us! His Alpha warned him, things werent looking good, and when they announced the final match, Verak saw the savage beast coming at him.
He hesitated for a second, thinking about running, but his male pride pushed him forward.
Ina discreet but privileged spot among the shadows, the next Alpha of the pack, Neron, watched the fight looking bored. ---- Asudden impulse made him move to the outer circle of the fair, where the riffraff gathered but honestly, it was a letdown.
He watched with disdain as the poor guy on the ground got pummeled.
Hed definitely die.
But suddenly, something happened that caught his full attention.
"verak! Let him go, let him go!" a small woman rushed past the safety line "What the hell is she doing?! Get that Omega out of the ring!" The furious men started protesting.
Verak got amoments break from the beating.
The fighter on top of him looked lost, unsure of what to do with the female tugging at his arm.
Nerons eyes flew wide open, his wolf sniffing the air in excitement.
Mate, mate! It screamed in his head.
He immediately signaled to his trusted man.
"Call the fight off and declare both of them winners." 
###Chapter 984
---- "Both?" are you deaf?" "N-No, sir," the warrior went to mediate, and in front of everyones shocked faces, stopped the match, calling it a tie.
Didnt matter how much they complained, thats how it ended.
With a frown, Neron watched the gorgeous girl help that loser off the ground.
They looked like a couple.
"Sir, should we head back to the Alphas house?" "No, no.
Invite that man.
I want to talk to him" "and find out the price of my mate." seek Elsewhere, while Nana took Verak to a private spot to patch him up, a commotion broke out at the entrance to the upper level of the pack.
Alleyes turned, stunned, toward the rattling of a handcart approaching the guards.
"Stop! What are you bringing here?" the men asked, curious about the cart Drakkar was pushing Theyd seen some before, but never this well-made. ---- Was the base built out of a Brontocérax shield? No one had ever thought of such waste, but it sure held more weight than the thin branches they usually used.
"Please, we'd like you to try what we brought to trade," Lyra, in full seller mode, showed them the two large jars on the cart.
"We already turned down that pottery..." Oh no, sir, its what's inside," she said, lifting a piece of her dress she'd used as a filter and then an improvised lid.
Instantly, a fruity, sweet, and intoxicating aroma filled the air.
"This is a drink from our pack, please, taste it," Lyra had a bowl ready with a sample, and just as she went to hand it to the guards...
"Tll do it," her possessive mate snatched it from her hands and gave it to the men with a sour look.
If they dared reject the sweet-smelling drink Lyra had spent all day making with so many plants, he might just kick them in the balls.
But the Alpha was confident in her success.
"What flavor is this? Its really strong.
Demetrius, taste it!" They passed it around, and one bowl wasnt enough.
It went down cool and then burned their throats.
---- A mix of sweetness and bitterness that woke up their taste buds and made them want more.
"Can we have another sample?" "Sorry, its really hard to make, and we only got two jars out of it.
Is it worth trading at the upper level?" Hell yeah, it was.
Leisure always sold.
"We'll let you in, but...
can you trade us something?" "And the cart too.
How did you polish it so well?" With Drakkars weapon blade, which he used for hours carving the wheels and logs.
"Just tricks from our pack," Lyra answered with mystery.
The members of her pack looked aside in the crowd, eyes wide... Lorenzo, when did we learn all this stuff? Am I turning into your grandma? Lorenzo looked at his female without answering that loaded question.
He wasnt falling for it this time.
It was obvious to everyone that Lyra was lying to make them look good.
None of them had those skills.
---- "PIL trade one jar of the drink at a fair price and pay with the cart for a comfy hut for the two of us." "Deal." Without thinking much, the lead warrior reached for Lyras hand, but was stopped by Drakkars iron grip, nearly crushing his fingers.
And thats how the stunned Fertile Valley pack managed to sneak into the VIP zone...
While their future Alpha had no idea hed fought for nothing.
Or better yet...
not for nothing, because he just got a chance he never wouldve imagined And the bargaining chip? None other than his annoying fiancée.
###Chapter 985
---- 37.
NANA IN CELO NARRATOR "You shouldn't have...
jumped into the fight like that...
grr." Verak sat down on the grass, his back leaning against the tree trunk.
His hand was pressed to his side, face twisted in a grimace of pain.
"If Thadnt, you couldve ended up dead," Nana replied, unbuttoning his shirt to check his wound. As much as it hurt his pride and he wanted to lash out at her, Verak had to admit Nana had saved his life.
Something was poking right near his heart, and he suspected it was the tip of a broken rib.
"P'Il give you my blood to heal," Nana whispered, leaning in between his open legs, ready to play her role as Veraks mate.
Her claw was about to slice into her wrist, but even in this critical moment, images of Lyra seducing Drakkar flashed through her mind.
Nana decided it was time to be more seductive.
She lowered her top, revealing her soft breasts.
It wasnt a scandalplenty of bolder females walked around like thatbut as the healers daughter, she had never exposed herself ---- that way before.
With flushed cheeks, she leaned toward Veraks mouth, offering him her breast.
Drink from here," Nanas voice came out husky, her breath hot, hands resting on his strong shoulders, her body already growing aroused.
vVerak was surprised for a moment, but he wouldnt keep rejecting what she was offering so eagerly Nana was a woman now.
He licked the sensitive nipple, his lips suckling lightly, hearing the wild rhythm of her heartbeat and a moan above his head.
His canines extended with force, the need to feed and heal hitting him hard. "Aahh," Nana growled when his wolf fangs pierced her breast and Veraks mouth began to suck from her life force.
She rested on his muscular body, taking in the scent she loved.
Straddling his thick thighs, her wet heat rocked on top of his hard erection.
Feeding off a female in heat was always arousing, and Verak was no stone.
Nana was burning, moaning, biting her lower lip, feeling the tingling and the juices dripping from her pussy.
###Chapter 986
---- She started rocking her hips on instinct, rubbing against Veraks hard cock, mistaking the males physiological reaction for interest and desire.
"Mmm Verak, take me...
Im yours," she moaned shyly into his ear.
Her inexperienced hand moved down to caress the Alphas hot bulge.
Her senses were clouding, and a painful need was building in her belly.
Veraks wolf took a deep breaththis female was going into heat, which was dangerous with so many males gathered here.
{can do to you what Lyra did to Drakkar, I can please you...
mmm... What Lyra did to Drakkar? Verak stopped feeding.
His wounds still hurt, but his life was no longer at risk.
"Nana, snap out of it...
Nana!" He shook her, and she looked at him.
with hazy, lust-filled eyes.
Her pink tongue slid out to lick her lips, and she leaned forward to kiss him, but Verak grabbed her firmly You cant do this here, damn it!" ---- His own arousal was growing, triggered by mating pheromones.
Tell me, what did you see Lyra doing?" he asked in a raspy voice.
Nana leaned in and whispered every filthy thing that woman did, with vivid detail.
Verak was torn between rage from imagining her doing that to Drakkar, and the fantasy of being the one coming in that sinful mouth.
His cock twitched, even more eager.
"Come on, lets go somewhere..." Driven by the lust taking over him, even though the timing was far from ideal, he grabbed Nanas hand, ready to drag her with him.
But then...
"Sir!" the voice of the warrior looking for him stopped him cold.
Verak quickly hid Nana behind his backright now, the Omega looked way too provocative.
"What is it?" "The Alphas son wants to meet the winners.
You must come with me." Verak was stunned, like when he heard the fight had ended in atie.
---- "1...
well, I cant leave this female right now..." Bring her with you. We'll protect her, dont worry." Verak hesitated, Nana was licking his back like he was a sweet fruit.
Yeah, her first heat was hitting her hard.
Still, he couldnt risk offending the Alphas son, so the warrior discreetly led them to a private tent.
Nerén sat on a sturdy chair.
The higher-ranking wolves in his pack didnt sit on leather mats on the floor anymore.
All sorts of plans were spinning in his mind.
If it werent for his alliance with the Alphas daughter from the Blue Moon pack, hed take his mate without a second thought, but his father would skin him alive if he broke that engagement.
Either way, hed make her his secondary woman.
###Chapter 987
---- 38.
MY FIRST TIME NARRATOR He couldnt stop thinking about herher scent had driven his wolf crazy.
It told him she was going into heat.
She had to be his.
If that idiot wouldnt sell her willingly, hed take her by force.
"sir, the warrior is here, but his companion...
Take her to my private space and guard the door.
No one is allowed in, and she cant leave." The big guy nodded and went out to tell Verak to come in.
It took some effort to separate him from Nanas clingy heatshe didnt even know what she was doing anymore, burning in lust.
When Verak stepped into the most luxurious room hed ever seen, he looked at Nerén with respect. "You called for me, sir?" "Pl get straight to the pointI hate beating around the bush," said the soon-to-be Alpha, his pale eyes eyeing him with disdain The females scent on Veraks body was making his wolf furious.
"How much do you want for that woman you came with?" Verak ---- was stunned by the question.
"You probably came here for salt.
I'll give you five large sacks for hertheyre worth a fortune." He threw out the offer, thinking Verak would jump for joy at such generosity.
His poor pack would never be able to pay for that much salt.
But Verak frowned, staying quiet.
Honestly, selling Nana didnt weigh on his conscience, but then...
what would he tell his mother, the healer? "What's wrong, not enough? I can add furs and pottery...
Dont be so greedy!" "Its not greed, sir.
I accept your offer, but I also want to ask for a personal favor," Veraks brain was working at full speed, plotting his wickedness and figuring out how to justify it later.
Tell me, and if it benefits me, you'll leave the girl and I never want to see you again in my pack." eke "Nana...mmmm...
it hurts..." Reina was burning up.
Both of them were inexperienced, and the first heat was always the most intense.
---- It couldnt have come at a worse time.
Now they were prisoners inside a dimly lit room.
Her eyes blurred with lust, breathing fast and heavy.
"Let me out!" Nana tried again to walk toward the exit of the tent to fight that guard, but her legs gave out and she collapsed on all fours.
Panting and sweating, her hand slipped between her legs, desperate for a male to penetrate her.
She moaned, touching beneath her leather skirt, her fingers.
soaked, clit swollen and sensitive to the slightest brush. Suddenly, footsteps echoed.
someone was giving orders outside, and then...
the most delicious scent in the world filled the room.
"Mate, mate," she thought she heard Reinas voice say something.
Confused in her head, her she-wolf deep in heat, Nana clung to the chest of the man who grabbed her with a deep and savage growl.
Rough, impatient hands touched her body, and a mouth crashed down to ravage hersone she had never even kissed before.
She nearly choked, but still let him do whatever he wanted.
"Mmm mount me, my male...
sshhh...
Verak, make love to me..." 
###Chapter 988
---- she begged, but that mix-up of names was her first and worst mistake.
The Alpha was already bothered by the other males pheromones on her body, and now she was calling him by her previous lover's name.
"Pll show you who your real owner is..." he growled, yanking her by the hair and making her lift her head with fury and uncontrollable lust.
Nana only knew that she was thrown onto some furs, on all fours, fists clenched against the leather.
Her ass was spanked mercilessly, and she cried from a mix of pain and arousal.
In the dark, surrounded by strong smells, her cheeks were spread and a thick cock traced along her reddened folds before slamming inside all at once. The scream tore through the night.
Nana felt her insides being ripped open by a red-hot knifewild and unforgiving.
The muscular body on top of her took full control, growling and moaning, taking what he wanted without mercy.
The scent of blood brought satisfaction to the Alpha, driving him even crazier, caught up in the frenzy of stealing his mate's first time.
---- He thrust in his thick shaft and mounted her like a beast, without a hint of tenderness.
He wanted her to know how he liked to fuck, how to please him with that tight, delicious pussy that had him on edge, ready to explode.
Nanas small body beneath Nerén moved violently, open to his thrusts.
Tears streamed down her cheeks.
she begged and moaned, collapsing against the bedding.
Even if she didnt want it, the heat and being with her mate dragged her into that masochistic need for him.
With a bone-shaking roar, the Alpha sank his huge canines into her shoulder, while his knot swelled, causing even more pain to her torn pussy.
He filled his mate with his seed, trying to knock her up.
In the middle of his frenzy, Ner6n didnt forget something very important. Fucking his mate was the most intense pleasure he had ever felt, and he would keep her by his side forever...
but she would never carry the permanent mark.
Nana wasnt destined to be anyone's only, most precious female.
---- And before she could recover from his release, the second round beganwith her next tormentor.
After all, the price had already been paid...
and now she had to give herself with interest.
###Chapter 989
---- 39.
EXPERT HAGGLERS NARRATOR Meanwhile, in the central area of the pack...
The members of Valle Fértil were going to end up with sore necks from looking around so much.
Lorenzos mate had sore eyes and mouth from having them open so wide.
Here the stalls were like little wooden houses, not just goods scattered all over the ground.
Lyra looked over the merchandise and realized that the pack shed ended up in was one of the most primitive.
Still, it was there she found the best thing everher sexy, delicious mate. They were allowed to stay in a collective tent behind the small booth they were assigned.
"You can find me later, and Ill take you to your private hut," the organizer, an Omega, told Lyra and Drakkar, who nodded.
Lyra turned to face the people, thinking theyd be thrilled.
But instead, they looked pretty uncomfortable.
---- "What's wrong?" "{ts just that Lyra, dont think were not grateful, this is amazing!" one of the more responsible females said.
"But...
honestly, we dont have anything to sell here." Who would want their badly cured hides or their meat that smelled kind of off? There were dead critters here they wouldnt even dare to hunt back in their own pack.
They all looked at each other and nodded; they felt ashamed, not just because of their shabby appearance compared to all this development.
They glanced sideways at Drakkar.
They'd underestimated him too much in the past, and now he was sharing his gains generously.
"Dont worry, help me sell this jar of drink today, and tomorrow Pll take you to make more! I'll show you how!" "Really, Lyra?" "You're the best! You should be the next healer, you know way more than she does!" ---- One of the enthusiastic girls blurted it out loud and then instantly covered her mouth, eyes wide in fear.
Truth was, they all thought the same, but no one had dared to say it.
Lyra had proven she could lead the pack forward; the old healer didnt even know half of what Lyra did.
Lets sell the drink! Lorenzos mate saved the awkward moment.
As always, she was super proactive. They quickly placed the jar near the booth.
Lyra asked them to get all their bowls out and clean them properly.
They would trade for drink servings, and the priority was getting salt.
They didnt even let her do anythinga group of females was already eager to prove their usefulness.
Bonfires were lit in the wide, open clearing.
A real market.
Lots of people wandered around, you could hear haggling everywhere, but their little booth was a bit far from the center.
###Chapter 990
---- "We've got to grab peoples attention," little "Lorencita" patted her chest, cleared her throat, and before her mate could stop her, she raised her voice: ---- Bresh drink, fruity and intoxicating! Come trade at our booth!" "Bury me now and dig me up the day before I find my mate" that was Lorenzos and his wolfs thought.
Alleyes turned toward the small, slightly shadowed stand, and as embarrassing as that shout had been...
it worked.
"Is this the drink the gate guards bought?" "This very one! You wont find anything tastier!" "T want a cup! Ill trade for these pretty beads, theyre made froma rare mineral..." "salt, friendgot any salt? We dont want crooked rocks." The trading beganpush and pull.
Lyra watched them from the back with a smile, like lionesses negotiating, while the males stood guard in case anyone got too bold.
Let's head to our hut. Leave them be, they might earn more salt today than all our past trips combined." Lyra grabbed her mate and a small container of drink she had prepared just for them.
or rather, just for Drakkar.
The most intoxicating fruit, in high concentration.
---- Today she wanted to tempt her man, tie him up and fuck him.
This time, she wasnt taking no for an answer.
They searched for the Omega through the crowd and finally found him.
He led them to a discreet area where the pretty tents were set up.
"This ones yours, you can relax.
This place is guarded by the sentries, no danger at all," the man gave quick instructions before heading off.
Lyra looked at the round-style bungalow, made of sturdy hides and large animal bones.
They opened the leather curtain, and inside it looked spacious and cozy, even with a fire pit.
Best of all, there was a low table with some stump stools anda rustic bed! "Lets drink to the success of our trip." Lyra sat down, and her mate followed.
None of the new things around matteredDrakkars favorite thing was always that beautiful woman. "Here, drink, you'll like it." She handed him the ceramic bottle, watching his masculine, perfect lips drink from the narrow rim.
"Mmm, I wanna lick him so bad," Aztoria moaned, her wolf eyes ---- following the dark drops spilling down to his strong, tattooed chest.
More...
drink more," Lyra pushed the bottom, urging him to get drunk.
Without his wolf present, maybe it was possible to pull it off...
and Drakkar had never drunk anything that would cloud his senses and put him at the mercy of a horny Alpha.
###Chapter 991
---- 40.
I HAVE ALWAYS BELONGED TO YOU DRAKKAR My head is spinning.
I try to sit up, but when I pull on my arms, they feel tied above my head.
"Shhh, you're not allowed to break free..." My eyes open, hazy, just enough to see that gorgeous face.
Her finger brushes over my lips, and I'm instantly mesmerized, completely surrendered to her commands.
I feel the weight of her soft body pressing down on mine, heat devouring me, and suddenly Lyra slips out of view.
A shiver runs through me, and I growl as her wolf claws trail down my chest and stomach, her hot breath driving me insane. "Mmnnn," I groan hoarsely when her hand grabs my cock and starts stroking me, up and down.
My whole body tenses, the ceiling spins, and Im drowning in the need to take her.
Lyra...
shhh..." I lift my hips when her wet tongue starts licking around my hard shaft, and she moans and pants over my mushroom head.
I slide between her lips and thrust up.
---- Saliva drips down to my balls, her tight throat vibrates, and her scent wrecks my sanity just like her mouth devours my cock.
My hands clutch hard onto the headboard, everything around me goes dark, and the lewd sounds only fuel our hunger.
"Lyra...
gggrir...
Im gonna come..." "Mmm...
No, baby, wait, wail She stops torturing me with those delicious sucks and crawls up over me.
I keep fighting not to break free, especially when her pussy starts grinding against my shaft.
"Aaahh, its so hard...
ssshhh... you can only come inside...
only hers Her hand presses down on my tense chest, her hips lift, and she holds my cock.
The tip starts slipping into her tight, hot, dripping little hole.
I growl, clenching my teeth and fists, pushing myself deeper into that needy pussy.
Im dying to bury myself to the hilt, take control, but I let her do whatever she wants to me.
Her filthy moans echo through the hut, and through the shadows ---- and fog in my vision, I watch the stunning woman riding my hips.
###Chapter 992
---- She goes up and down, grinding, rolling her hips, sweating, and her whole body seems to glow.
Her platinum hair sways, brushing over her gorgeous tits...
I want to touch her...
I wont last long with this pleasure taking over my cock again and again.
"Tanna kiss you..." I hear her growl with lust.
Lyra lays down on my chest and her mouth devours mine.
I freeze for a second, not knowing what to do.
Pve never done this before, but I follow her lead, closing my eyes, with ecstasy pulsing through every inch of me.
Her soft lips move over mine, her tongue teases and tangles with mine, her moans sink into me and take my breath away. Icant hold back anymore, my hands grab her waist, pulling her tight against my sweaty skin.
My hips thrust up, setting a deep and slow rhythm that builds with more frenzy.
My canines grow and my cock thickens even more.
1 feel the bed shaking under my back, but I cant stop.
I fuck her with pure lust, gripping her ass, groping her, her nails scratch my chest.
---- Something wild is trying to break free, but Im too lost, acting only on primal instinct.
I grab her and toss her on the bed, sliding between her legs, grabbing her hair and hips, hovering over Lyra as I slide into her soaked sheath again.
Our mouths find each other, and I love how she tastes, how everything feels when Im with her.
"ah, ah, ah...
love you, my male...
yes, yes, give me more...
right there, Drakkar...
aahhh...
Goddess, it feels so goooood!" Lyra screams in my ear with that wild, animal voice.
She digs her feet into my ass and pushes, my cock about to catch fire from her pussy.
The wet slapping sounds echo through the hut.
Her voice cracks and her pussy convulses, soaking my dick that wont stop fucking her, faster, deeper, desperate to come.
Something soft licks my neck, and when her sharp fangs pierce my vein, a savage roar bursts from my throat, and I arch over Lyra, burying myself deep inside her slippery depths. My balls tighten, unloading into my female...
shes mine...
something in my chest screams it.
My gums ache, all I see is fog, her scent overwhelms me, her body ---- owns me.
My mouth lowers and I start feeding from the blood of this woman Ill never be able to let go.
?Lyra...
wherever you go...
take me with you...
I cant...
I cant live without you? 
###Chapter 993
---- 41, [AMABRUTE, NOT A FOOL DRAKKAR Thold her tightly against my body while my cum fills her, fighting desperately against that "being" inside me that wants to come out and dominate her.
Lyras blood calms and controls it, helps me with the pain.
In the darkness, all you can hear is our panting, the wet sound of our kisses, soothing our breathing.
My heads still spinning.
I love the way we touch mouths, it feels so intimate, and now I want to do it with her all the time. "Drakkar, you're mine, little wolf," she whispers with our foreheads pressed together.
I turn to the side so I dont crush her with my weight and pull her into my chest, holding her head against my wildly beating heart.
Im no good with sweet words like she is, just a dumb brute, but I hope she can feel what my souls trying to say.
"Tm yours, Lyra, from the beginning...
Ive always been yours," I murmur, savoring the way her back shudders.
"Drakkar," she rises with one hand braced on my chest.
"T dont know if youll remember these words later, but Ill say ---- them as many times as I need to: were mates, Drakkar, we re fated mates." What? Istare at the shadow of her face, my eyes confused.
"Mates?" "Yes, my wolf recognizes you, but your wolf has that...
curse...
We'll fix it!" she adds anxiously.
Her fingers caress my beard and I close my eyes.
The world is still spinning and Im all fogged up, but I understood her perfectly. Fated mates, thats something no one really respects much in the pack, but ll honor it until the day I die.
Something inside me roars with joy.
"We'll fix it," I repeat her words, sure of it.
Now more than ever, just when I was about to give up, I decide I have to find a solution to my problems.
"[ have more things to tell you about my home, but I dont think youre in the state to think right now." Im pushed back onto the bed That sensual body slides over mine, leans down to grab something from the floor, and something cold touches my lips.
###Chapter 994
---- Drinka little more, you must be thirsty..." She pushes the brew between my lips and I swallow it without hesitation.
My dark eyes stay locked on hers, cunning and sparkling like two stars.
I may be a brute, but Im not stupid.
I mew exactly what she was planning the moment I took that first sip, but why lie? I wanted her just as much.
If this helps me control myself and not hurt her, Id drink every herb in the damn forest.
My hands reach for her breasts, my fingers sink into that creamy softness, swirling around the hard tips. Lyra starts to pant, the drink runs out, she tosses the flask aside, and before swallowing the last drop, her burning mouth fuses with mine.
The liquid passes between us, running down our bodies My cock gets hard again and that gorgeous female impales herself slowly on it, riding me so damn good I see stars...
sshh..
I dont even know how to name what Im feeling, but Id give my life to make sure it never ends.
---- eK NARRATOR The next day, Lyra woke up glowing and satisfied, grinning from ear to ear.
If shed known the solution to her problems was to confuse her mates wild instincts, she wouldve drowned him in that brew a long time ago.
Mmm, Im dying to do it directly with my wolfy male...
Think you'll let me out to play with Drakkar one day? aztoria, dont get cocky, you had your fun last night too.
stingy.
Aztoria huffed, though shed clearly drooled over the delicious hunk now walking beside her.
He looked serious and territorial.
Lyra was way too tempting, but she smelled like a freshly mated female, and her mates aggressive scent kept the other males away. Wow, Drakkar really put in a workout with Lyra last night! As soon as the other women saw her, they started teasing the couple.
They tried to get a little closer to Drakkar, who was always distant with the packand he had his reasons.
The other males looked at him with pride, as if to say, Damn bro, ---- what a snack you're feasting on.
Lucky bastard.
Between jokes and laughter, the group split in two.
###Chapter 995
---- 42.
ADOCILE CREATURE NARRATOR In Veraks absencehe hadnt shown up all nightthe women were heading out with Lyra, escorted by a group of males, while the rest went out to hunt for food and trade.
Drakkar didnt like the idea of leaving his female behind, but they put him in charge of the hunting group, and Lyra convinced him she'd be fine.
As they left the pack, Omar, the experienced wolf, glanced toward the combat zone. How had Verak done? Had he died? He was afraid of revealing that the idea had come from himwhat if the Alpha blamed him for Veraks death? Besides, he had another mission on his agenda.
His gentle eyes suddenly sharpened as he stared at Drakkars back.
The healer had told him there was a way to cure his pups crippled legsbut only if Drakkar didnt come back.
They ventured deep into the wild jungle, and Omar was about to unleash chaos.
see ---- Meanwhile, Verak had slept like a baby all night in a warriors hut, way more comfortable than spending the night on grass under the moon.
He snuck out to spy on his people, in the same place hed left them.
His plan was to hide, stir up some uncertainty, and then reappear as the hero saving everyoneespecially rescuing Lyra.
He would blame Nana for betraying them and keeping the strongest mate to herself, the same mate who'd nearly killed him.
Once he returned to the pack, hed accuse the old witch of guiding Nana, and convince his father that Lyra should be the new healer and his destined mate.
Of course, Drakkar would be taken out by Ner6n. That was the deal he made with the Alphas son.
He would even give them time to steal salt from that pack before they ran off.
That whole action-rescue-hero fantasy played in Veraks delusional mind, but when he peeked into the clearing where hed left his people, he was shocked to find it empty.
The doors to the upper level were open, and the warriors led by Drakkar were already heading into the woods.
How the hell had they gotten to the central zone without him?! 
###Chapter 996
---- Verak gritted his teeth, seeing red.
Not only did no one seem worried about him being gone, they actually looked excited to go hunting with that idiot.
He forced himself to think logicallymaybe this was his shot.
He slipped away, masking his scent with bitter leaves and mud, and began tracking them through the jungle.
seek A few meters away, inside a cozy tent, Nana opened her eyes to a nightmare.
Her wolf was crying inside her, and she sat up slowly, feeling the sharp pain of the tears.
She saw the handprints and bite marks, the blood and semen between her legs.
Leaning off the bed, she started to vomit. Her confused mind was finally catching up to the reality of what had happened She hadnt given herself to Verak...
it had been another man.
"He...
hes our mate," Reina confirmed, curled up into a ball in her consciousness.
She was terrified of her Alphas violence.
---- "My...
mate?" Nana whispered, tears still running down her cheeks.
Her throat felt raw from screaming and begging.
Horrible memories flooded her mind.
So, Verak had sold her to another male? And if that male really was her mate, why did he take her innocence in such a brutal way? He hadnt even healed her with his blood.
Worst of all, theyd smelled rosemary on the furs, and her body started to heat up even though she didnt want it.
Her heat would last several days, and during that time, shed crave himeven if she hated him in her soul.
Her ankle, chained to the bed with a fine chain, made her a prisoner.
She couldnt escape.
Why was this happening to her? Why, if all she wanted was to be loved by that man? "Verak..."" she muttered through clenched teeth, the love twisting into deep hatred.
she had forgiven him for everything but this...
this was too much, even for a soul in love.
---- She thought she'd only said his name in her mind, but in reality, her lips had whispered it. "So you're still calling that idiot?" The Alphas rough, savage voice entered the room: Nana pressed against the headboard, pulling her legs up despite the pain, sobbing in fear.
She was nothing but an Omega in heat, her weak body overwhelmed.
"I didnt call anyone...
please forgive me...
let me go..." "So you can go running back to your lover?! Looks like your punishment wasnt enough!" Nanas body froze in panic as he removed his leather skirt, naked and aroused, walking toward her like a beast.
"Tm gonna teach you how to respect your mate!" Nerén had discovered the perverse pleasure of dominating his females body, of keeping her trembling and moaning beneath him.
His lust and twisted kinks blinded him to the truthhe was turning a gentle creature into a venomous snake that, with just one careless move, would sink her fangs into him...
and kill him.
###Chapter 997
---- 43.
SECRET UNCOVERED NARRATOR There are good prey around here! Omar pointed to an area he remembered clearly.
Tll go find the others! He made a move to leave the area, infested with Terrassome kind of underground predators.
No, stay with us.
The others will catch up soon, Omar gritted his teeth at Drakkars command.
Who the fuck had made him the boss? That ego had gone to his head real fast...
but today hed lose both the ego and his damn neck.
He made sure to stay behind.
Drakkar was leading the way, with another warrior in the middle.
Alert and focused. But the worst part about the Terras was that you couldnt smell them since they hunted from underground, and by the time you saw one, chances were you were already dead.
Omar had nearly been killed once when his group got lost in this area.
Drakkar had a bad feeling.
He sniffed the air deeply.
---- Even though his wolf wasnt fully present, every time he drank Lyras blood he felt stronger.
T dont like this place.
Turn bac...
AAGGRRR! The warriors roar behind him made him spin around in a flash, spear raised and ready to strike.
But the man had fallen into a deep hole dug into the ground.
When Drakkar looked over to help, a wave of stenchrotting corpses and damp earthhit him in the face.
Bones, chunks of flesh, and torn skin covered the bottom of the pit.
Help me, Drakkar, help me! The warrior was barely hanging on to some roots sticking out of the wall.
Thats when they both realized it...
Terras lived here, and Drakkar reached out to pull him up fast.
If those slippery predators got wind of them, they were screwed.
Omar slipped away, trying to hide behind some big leaves, watching with satisfaction as danger crept up behind Drakkars back.
Acreature with a long worm-like body, covered in tiny legs, huge biting pincers, and a black impenetrable shell on its back, rose into the air, ready to launch a surprise attack.
---- Every hair on the back of Drakkars neck stood on end.
He knew he was a second away from death.
When the agile Terra lunged to decapitate him, Drakkar didnt, hesitate.
He turned around fast, grabbed the spear, and thrust it between those deadly pincers.
With a furious hiss, the Terra charged at him. Its tiny blind eyes tracked the heat of its preys body.
They fought, clashed, wood splintered, the spear began to give.
Drakkar flung the creature to the side with all his might, leaping back to avoid the pit where the warrior still clung to life.
The Terra slithered toward him with insane speed, nearly impossible to dodge.
Drakkar reached down and pulled the knife from his belt.
The cold black blade shimmered, vibrating through the air, then.
plunged into one of the beasts eyes.
A piercing, hissing scream of pain echoed through the clearing.
Drakkar didnt waste a second.
While the creature recoiled, he dropped to the ground and rolled underneath its belly.
###Chapter 998
---- Its sharp little legs tore at his arms and legs, but he gripped the handle tightly and drove it deep into the beasts weakest pointits stomach.
All kinds of disgusting fluids spilled onto Drakkar.
The massive body above him trembled and blood splattered his tough skin, He barely managed to roll aside before the dead Terra came crashing down.
Omar had watched the whole thing with his mouth hanging open.
Drakkar really was an impressive warrior fearless, and most importantly...
what the hell was that weapon he had? Someone else just as shocked was Verak.
Hidden further away, camouflaged among tree branches, he had uncovered Drakkars secret.
So thats why he had become such a deadly hunter! It was that magical weapon, that knife, whatever it was! Where had he gotten it? Lyra popped back into his mind.
No doubt she had given it to him, maybe from her more advanced pack.
---- While everyone else was plotting against him and his female, Drakkar hadnt forgotten to help the man still clinging to life in the pit. They had to hurry.
Terras never traveled alone, and just as expected...
Climb up, come on, use your legs! Drakkar was pulling the bulky man with all his strength, almost getting him out of the pit.
AAAHHHH! NO, NO, SAVE ME, DRAKKAR, SAVE ME! A roar rang out nearbyit was Omar, Drakkar looked up and saw him running toward them, his face twisted in sheer panic.
And no wondera furious Terra was chasing him.
Omar had fallen into his own trap.
So stunned by Drakkar, he hadnt noticed the danger closing in until it was too late.
Drakkar managed to pull the man out, but before they could react, the black armor spun around Omar, locking him in a deadly grip, and those fierce pincers came down to feast on his screaming head.
Run, Drakkar, we cant do anything for him! The two survivors bolted like hell, better to say: he ran away ---- than he died here.
They vanished into the underbrush, hoping not to be followed, while they searched for the rest of their group who were hunting elsewhere.
Verak didnt stay behind either.
Hed seen enough...
and now he knew exactly how to frame Drakkar in the most effective way.
He rushed off to find the Alphas son.
sree What happened?! Drakkar, are you hurt? They all rushed to surround him.
Whatever joy they had from hunting a big beast was gone.
Tt smells like Terra...
They sniffed solemnly.
{m not hurt...
Omars dead. Drakkar delivered the news without sugarcoating it.
In the hunt, death could happen with the slightest mistake Still, everyone went silent for a moment, heavy gazes all around.
Pm going to wash up at the river, then we'll continue...
Drakkar walked off toward the river, remembering a few details.
---- Something really didnt add up.
Terras usually colonized the same territory for a long time.
Did Omar know he was leading them into a trap? Besides, he saw him reaching for his weapon to kill the beast.
But he was dead now, and as harsh as it sounded...
now he couldnt tell anyone the secret of the dagger.
Or at least, thats what Drakkar thought.
###Chapter 999
---- 44.
THE ESCAPE PLAN NARRADORA On the other hand, the women were full of excitement, learning all sorts of new things from the Alpha.
Lyra, seriously, Im so happy youre getting your memories back! Lorenzos mate beamed as she carried, with her brute strength and thick arms, a container full of vines for weaving.
Heh, yeah...
memories, Lyra replied, dodging the topic.
She was about to change the subject when, almost back at the pack, they spotted Verak near the palisade.
well, look who finally showed upthe so-called chief, after all this time screwing Nana, the female twisted her mouth and opened it wide to shout at Verak.
No, no, wait Lyra covered Lorencitas choking her. mouth, nearly Verak looked way too suspicious, talking nervously to a few warriors, and suddenly, a male with a cocky vibe showed up.
Hide behind that tree, go...
She shoved the other woman, who instantly turned into a gossip ---- spy like her.
They were too far to hear anything, and getting closer might give away their scent.
Oh, I know who that guy talking to Verak is, Lorencitas neurons finally fired.
The day you went to make the drink with Drakkar, we saw him walking around all smug.
Some people from other tribes said he was the Alphas son.
Those words set off all of Lyras alarms.
Why the hell would Drakkar be talking to that guy? And where the fuck was Nana? something reeked, and she was sure this would blow up in her and Drakkars faces.
Come on, lets go back.
I have something else to teach you...
Something else? The redheads eyes lit up, thrilled.
Yes, the most important thing of all, Lyra looked at her with determination.
TEP The escape plan.
weKE That afternoon, sales were on fire.
---- Their drink had become popularpeople were even offering to buy the recipe, but no one was revealing the tribe's new treasure.
Leather sacks filled with salt kept piling up, and they were already planning to leave that pack soon before someone tried to rob them. Lyra was uneasy, about to tell Drakkar they should leave early, even if it was dangerous and risky.
But things escalated way too fast.
Stop all sales! Step away from the Valle Fértil pack! A group of warriors stormed into the market, quickly surrounding the tribe members.
Lyra immediately grabbed Drakkars hand, especially when she saw the Alphas son appear, search them all! If they resist, dont hesitate to beat them! He roared, and the guards advanced.
The warriors stepped in front of the females, outraged at the aggressionthey would protect their women.
Tf you didnt steal anything, then you've got nothing to worry about.
Its just a search! Despite the anger and shame, they allowed themselves to be searched.
They hadnt stolen a thing.
###Chapter 1000
---- Lyra and Drakkar tensed, hiding their deadly secret.
Lyras hand slid carefully toward Drakkars belt.
She was about to reach the sheath, planning to drop the dagger into some sack, but then.
THAT FEMALE IS HIDING SOMETHING! Someone from another pack ratted her out.
They had never taken their eyes off them.
Among the crowd were plenty of Neréns spies.
SHOW ME! Drakkar growled, stepping in front of his female and gripping the leather sheath in his hand.
There was no way to hide it now.
Its mine! I didnt steal anything! He roared with his fangs out, hair bristling with rage, but over thirty seasoned warriors had their spears aimed right at them.
Give it to them, Drakkar, give it to them, Lyra whispered behind him. Resisting would only make things worse.
They were strong, but no match for an entire packthey werent invincible.
---- The sheath made it into Ner6ns hands, and when he pulled it out, his eyes lit up with greed disguised as fake outrage.
THIS IS MY KNIFE! he roared shamelessly.
I KNEW THIS PACK WAS FULL OF THIEVES! LIES! Drakkar snapped back, earning a shove from the nearest guard.
How dare you disrespect the future Alpha of our pack?! Lyra rushed to hold him back.
Her hands burned over the black veins starting to snake beneath her mates skin.
calm down, my love, calm down.
Drakkar, listen to me, do everything I say.
Trust me.
Trust me...
Her words tamed the storms inside Drakkars chest.
He clung to Lyra like she was his lifeline.
As long as they didnt hurt his female, hed endure the slander...
at least for now.
If he exploded, his curse could kill him too.
We didnt steal anything, future Alpha.
This man knows exactly how to craft that thing in your hands.
Do you? Lyra stood tall, never stepping away from her mate, facing Nerén head-on.
why should I explain anything to you? Nerén looked her up and down.
He had to admit she was stunning.
---- (f [say its mine, its mine. You're both going to prison for stealing! No! Thats not fair! The cries of the females rose as Drakkar and Lyra were taken prisoner.
SHUT UP! The warriors snarled at them, shoving back the males who were about to shift, even if they'd get beaten for it.
No one believed Drakkar had stolen it.
That sharp knife had to be a gift from Lyra! Dont fight! Girls, girls! Lyra suddenly turned to the women in the middle of the chaos and the warrior blockade.
Her eyes locked with Lorencitas.
TEP she managed to say in the middle of the uproar.
No one else understood that nonsense, but the females from Valle Feértil did.
It was time to wait for nightfall...
and unleash absolute chaos.
These bastards were about to find out.
###Chapter 1001
---- 45.
YOU MESSED WITH THE WRONG ALPHA LYRA We were taken to a tent far away and tied up next to each other on some sturdy poles holding up the roof.
Drakkar was suspiciously calm, like he could explode at any moment.
..
What the hell is Nerén planning? ..
No idea, but that pompous asshole is taking advantage of the Alpha being away on an expedition and leaving him in charge of the fair.
We heard the guards talking outside before walking off.
Seems like the Alphas precious son was pulling this crap behind his daddys back, scheming with Verak.
Drakkar, do you trust me? I suddenly asked, looking to the side.
His head snapped up and I was shocked to see half his face covered in black veins swimming under his skin like venomous snakes.
No, no! Look at me, calm down, if they see you like this itll be worse. If you lose control, its hard for me to reach your wolf! That was my biggest fear.
---- { cant just sit here while they hurt you! he growled, all wolf and fury.
Drakkar, theres something you need to know.
Im strong, really strong.
Im an Alpha too, I whispered.
Lyra, dont lie to me...
Pm not, baby.
Ive just been hiding my aura.
Let me show you how strong I am, I said.
I knew the moment was coming soon.
yeraks gonna show up here...
no, listen to me carefully, Drakkar.
Leave him to me...
to both of us.
Look at me...
I called his attention again, his wild eyes filled with violence.
Let me get my revenge...
together...
Together...
he muttered under his breath, but I wasnt sure if he'd play smart.
Just like I predicted, a few minutes later, the leather door opened and that idiot Verak swaggered in.
7 always knew you were a thief, but I never thought you'd go this far, he told Drakkar, slowly walking toward us. Drakkar just stared at him, murderous rage pouring from every pore.
---- Lower your damn dog eyes when you're in front of me! Verak punched him, and I growled with pure hatred.
I saw Drakkars fists clench behind his back so hard his knuckles turned white.
Verak! What do you want from us? You know damn well we didnt steal anything! I shouted, pulling his attention.
T knew he just wanted to humiliate Drakkardrop the act and get to the point already.
Lyra, Lyra...
so beautiful, rebellious...
and dumb, he finally walked over to me.
His disgusting eyes sparkled with lust, scanning me from head to toe.
How could you pick the wrong guy like this? He grabbed my neck, forcing my head up.
Right next to me, I felt a fierce growllike a lit fuse, seconds from exploding.
###Chapter 1002
---- and what are you gonna do about it? Tell me, you think m gonna cry now and beg you to save me? I laughed sarcastically, pushing him just a bit more, leading him right where I wanted { promise you'll cry and beg...
but with my cock buried all the way inside you, he leaned in to whisper in my ear like the vulgar pig he ---- was.
His hands started untying the ropes behind me roughly.
This was my shot.
He yanked my arm and dragged me in front of his body.
We were both face-to-face with Drakkar, who just looked at me.
T knew he was giving mea vote of trust, holding on to the last thread of sanity.
and ['m gonna do it right in front of this coward, so he learns how a real man fucks a woman like you... My mate doesnt need you to teach him a damn thing, you son of abitch.
And you seriously messed with the wrong damsel in distress.
Aztorias voice came roaring from deep inside my throat.
Ina second, the transformation ripped through my body.
The leather straps snapped and my clothes hit the ground.
I broke free of his grip with pure brute strength, turning around with my canines out like a rabid she-wolf.
Traised my sharp claws and slashed his stunned face, sinking my paw into one of his eyes.
AAAHHH! You fucking bitch! he staggered back, but I wasnt ---- letting him go.
Aztoria took over and lunged at Veraks body as he shifted into his Alpha wolf form Even better.
Alpha to AlphaI was gonna teach that idiot a real lesson.
Lyra! Drakkar roared when Veraks wolf lunged at us.
The tent shook, rocking with the tension of the ropes, but we were never in danger.
Aztorias white body tangled with his, tossing him into the air with her canines buried deep in his fur, ripping into his flesh.
In my mind, Verak screamed every insult in the book, calling me a cheat.
You thought you could take advantage of an innocent Omega like you did with Nana! Well, you picked the wrong one, bastard! Iroared as I leapt at him, claws dripping blood, half-blind in one eye, going straight for his throat..
Verak saw the danger coming and did the most cowardly thing in a fight.
He tried to run.
But Drakkar had broken freeand he hated him too much. A painful howl and the sound of breaking bones rang out as ---- Drakkar grabbed the Alpha wolf, punching hard into his ribs.
His face twisted into a bloodthirsty beast.
Veraks wolf twisted in his strong arms.
Finish him, Lyra! my mate growled, grabbing him from behind, lifting him in the air, his fur soaked in blood, deep wounds everywhere.
Veraks body started shifting back into human form, no more insults...
just begging.
Too late.
You fucked with the wrong people.
###Chapter 1003
---- 4.6.THE PYROMANIACS OF FERTILE VALLEY NARRATOR Aztoria lunged forward with her jaws wide open.
Her entire superior Alpha aura exploded, freezing Veraks will.
All he could do was stare death in the face, eyes wide.
How could Lyra be this strong? If only he had known.
But abusers always meet their end, and this time, the victim became the executioner.
Veraks wolf trachea was caught in Aztorias mouth when she tore his throat out in one savage, bloody bite.
While the blood painted the ground in crimson shades, the Alphas son from the Valle Fértil pack lost the light of life.
His final thought was of his father...
Drakkar dropped him to the ground in disgust and spat on him with contempt.
The pain in his chest was excruciating, the curse burning on his skin. But as long as Lyra was safe and with him, he could endure anything His black eyes turned to the beautiful she-wolf, who was watching him too.
---- Her light eyes filled with a mix of fears and expectations.
Lyra, do you think I scared my mate? Oh no...
what if shes intimidated now?! Baby, Im weak! Ive got a horny little Omega soul with you! Lyra gave a crooked smile.
She'd just killed a man and was still acting all romantic.
Though deep down, she was also worried Drakkar might be upset that she lied about how strong she really was.
But the untamed male suddenly stepped toward Aztoria, who took a step back in hesitation.
Without giving her a second to react, Drakkars warm arms wrapped around her neck as he dropped to one knee before her.
Aztorias heart skipped a beat and her fluffy, thick tail wagged faster and faster.
hank you, little wolf.
Thank you for protecting Lyra.
You're amazing.
The sweetest embrace closed around her neck, his rough hands stroking her back, and the warrior sniffed and kissed her gently, lost in her softness.
Aztoria was howling like crazy at the moon.
Tell me who else I gotta rip apart to get more kisses! I am more ---- impressive than Lyra, right? aztoria...
Lyra scolded through her teeth.
Shift back now.
No way! Ive been dying to show myself to Drakkar, she pouted.
Lyra knew how badly she wanted it, but this wasnt the time or place.
You're covered in blood... have you looked at yourself? While Drakkar was thanking all the heavens that his mate was a powerful Alpha she-wolf, his two wives were fighting for his attention.
Veraks body was growing cold beside them.
In the end, huffing in annoyance, Aztoria decided to hand the control back to Lyra.
They still werent out of danger.
Lyra, Drakkar pulled her naked body into a hug, ripping off his skirt to wipe Veraks blood off her.
That smell on his womans body bothered him deeply.
Theres no time, Drakkar.
The warriors could come back any minute.
Lets get dressed.
They got moving immediately.
###Chapter 1004
---- Lyra fastened the loosened ties and put her clothes back on.
She glanced at Veraks body, debating whether to dump him in the woods, but hed just be dead weight.
Suddenly, they heard the guards footsteps.
Lets go, lets go.
They signaled each other, lifted the leather flap of the tent, and snuck out the back, crouching through the shadows, searching for shelter.
But they were still inside pack territory, and it wouldnt be long before someone reported Veraks death.
Hiding behind some sacks, Lyra was wondering what to do when the guards, just about to enter the tent, suddenly froze.
They say the salt storage is on fire! Come on, move! They started running in one direction, the whole pack stirred up, and Lyra knew her primal girls hadnt failed her.
They were putting the escape plan into action. kK And thats exactly what had happened.
---- The men stood backsome even frightened at the malicious grins on the women of Valle Fértil as they ran around like pyromaniacs, setting everything on fire.
With Lyra, they'd prepared small pouches full of toxic flowers.
They already knew the antidotes secret.
What was the most important area in this pack? Their storehouse of goods and salt sacks.
From the treeline, they threw the pouches full of Cassiépelas that burst near the guards.
Before they could react, the spores and pollen filled the air like a beautiful but deadly scene.
They started sneezing and whining immediately.
That was just the beginningthen came the itching, and then pustules, which were no joke.
Finally, in just seconds, came the suffocation, and they had to abandon their posts to save their own lives.
Now, now! The males came to the back, hidden by the night, lit the torches they carried and tossed them into the storage house.
Wait! Go inside and grab more salt sacks, come on! ---- They didnt just poison them...
they burned their supplies and stole from them.
It still didnt feel like enough.
The strong group of men carried the sacks on their backs, hearing the uproar in the distance while the flames lit the sky blood red.
In the chaos and smoke, the avengers of Valle Fértil had claimed their revengeand gave Lyra and Drakkar a chance to escape.
They threw the sacks over the remote palisade, helped the women climb over, and then followed, taking off at full speed.
What happened to Lyra and Drakkar?! We have to look for them, woman! NO, Lorenzo! his mate shouted at him in the middle of the wild jungle sprint.
Lyra said not to go after them. If there was trouble and they werent back, we should wait for them at the lake! The males didnt know where the women got that kind of confidence frombut one thing was clear: Lyra had changed their way of thinking forever.
What those females did today proved that brute force isnt everything.
Cunning and secret plots are deadly weapons.
---- We left behind Verak and Nana! They can take care of themselves! Now runI feel a predator nearby! But in truth...
neither of them could take care of themselves.
Verak lay dead and torn apart in a pool of blood.
And Nana...
well, she was slowly dying...
which wasnt much better.
###Chapter 1005
---- 47.
NANA'S REVENGE NARRATOR A few moments before the fire alarm was raised...
Nana barely had the strength to stay conscious on the bed.
she was physically and mentally destroyed.
Her only breath of relief was that Nerén had found a new toy and was now staring at it in fascination, turning it in his hands.
Incredible... Ive only seen knives like this in the High Packs, and that man really knows how to forge, he murmured, ecstatic with the dagger.
Lyras words had worked, and Nerén wouldnt hurt Drakkar he was too focused on extracting the forging secret from him.
Nanas eyes stared at his back, marked by his claws.
No matter how much she resisted, she had no weapon to defend herself...
the weapon.
Her dull eyes locked on the obsidian gleam of the blade.
If only it could reach her hands...
As if the heavens finally took pity on her, someone called urgently for Nerén at the door.
---- He carelessly placed the dagger on a side table and walked off to speak to the guard.
Behind him, Nana forced herself to move and gently slide off the bed.
Her wolf helped with all the strength she had left.
Step by step, she approached the table and her trembling, wounded hand closed around the cold handle.
This is my last chance, she thought, sealing the decision in her heart.
Go now and help the others put out the fire! Dont let it spread through the pack! Im getting dressed and I join you! Nerén. barked, closing the curtain as his escort ran off, leaving him alone.
Before he could turn around, his wolfs warning roar thundered in his mind.
Everything happened too fast.
WHAT THE?! he screamed as he felt the sharp point plunge between his shoulder blades.
Nana leapt onto his back, clinging to him like a madwoman.
Her naked body, a terrifying sight of bruises and wounds, now thrashed violently against Ner6ns muscles.
###Chapter 1006
---- No matter how hard he fought to shake off that Omega, she clung to him with her life on the line, fueled by adrenaline and the kind of hatred that gives infinite strength, AAAAHHH! DIE, DIE!! Nana screamed, bringing her hand down again and again, stabbing his back, ripping through tendons and muscle, puncturing internal organs.
Gouts of blood spurted from Neréns lips as he finally dropped to his knees.
His Alpha wolf tried to command the Omega, but Nanas mind had shattered into too many pieces from the abuse and tortureshe no longer responded to reason.
With blood dripping down her face, mixing with tears and snot, Nana sat atop Neréns limp body.
The dagger buried through the back of his throat. He died without even summoning his wolf, betrayed and taken down by the viper he had raised and fed with hatred.
A hoarse, insane laugh echoed inside the tent.
Nanas erratic eyes slowly dimmed, soothed by the revenge she had just claimed on her tormentor.
She wobbled and collapsed to the side, releasing the bloodied ---- dagger that rolled across the fur rug.
Deep down, she knew she had to run, but her body wouldnt move.
She had used up every drop of determination, and sobbing, curled up into a ball and passed out on the ground.
Mom...
m so sorry...
the thought crossed her mind, and more tears of regret leaked from her closed eyes.
see she smells like Nanas blood, Drakkar confirmed what Lyra had already sensed.
They also heard nearby screams that sounded like the Omegas voice. They were almost out, almost free, but both their eyes turned to an unguarded tent near the edge of the camp.
Lets go check, Lyra said with a gut feeling.
Nana hadnt shown up the entire time, and everyone thought she was with Verak.
Lyra suspected that bastard had done something awful to her...
But nothing could've prepared her for what they found in that tent.
###Chapter 1007
---- 48.
REENCOUNTER NARRATOR Holy Goddess, she gasped, running to Nanas naked body sprawled on the rug.
Lyra leaned over hershe was barely breathing, The bruises and whip marks on that fragile skin told Lyra more than enough.
She turned to the Alpha beside her, stabbed with the dagger shed stolen from Drakkar.
The male yanked it out of his neck without a second thought, kicking the corpse hard to flip it over.
The stunned expression was still frozen in his eyes, staring at the ceiling.
Shes not breathing...
But shes alive. We need to take her, Lyra decided right away, rushing to the fur blanket on the bed to cover the Omega.
Drakkar just nodded.
Hed never condone abuse against a woman, no matter who she was.
Drakkar, I need you to move fast.
Take advantage of the fact there are no guards.
Bring Veraks body.
Go, go, now...
---- But I cant leave you alone.
Love, I know how to defend myself.
Lets not waste time.
Remember, this is the Alphas sonwe have to stage the scene right.
Drakkar didnt get why all the theatrics, but hed learned to trust his mates cunning.
Lyra knocked over the leaf burners used to perfume the room.
The strong scent of herbs mixed with fresh blood masked the rest, making it hard to track them.
After about ten minutes, she heard footsteps outside, but Aztoria confirmed it was Drakkar.
Here he is. BAM! He tossed the corpse onto the rug without a shred of delicacy.
all right, give me the dagger...
What? No, why my dagger? Lyra almost laughed despite the tension, seeing Drakkars pout.
Babe, we'll make you all the daggers you want later.
Right now we need a motivesomething to explain why Verak and the Alphas son fought...
and both ended up dead.
Drakkar thought about the ridiculous story Lyra was spinning.
###Chapter 1008
---- But being the smart man he was, he quickly understood theyd pin the murder on Verakor the Alpha, upon learning of his sons death, would come after them for revenge.
Fine...
Unwilling to part with his toy, he finally shoved it into Veraks stiff hand.
The crime scene was set.
With Nana unconscious on the warriors back, they slipped away into the night, fleeing the pack that was now going up in flames.
Lyra shifted into Aztoria.
She offered to carry her male and Nana, but Drakkar refused he didnt want her to get hurt. With lovestruck eyes, Aztoria ran beside her wild man, under the moonlight and tall trees.
They were headed to the lake, to the safe zone where their people should be waiting.
Lyras mind couldnt stop spinning, trying to come up with what to say to the rest of the pack.
she could make up a dozen stories, but if Nana denied them or turned against them, things would fall apart fast.
well, worst case scenario, we can just ditch that pack.
I feel recovered and I really dont think we'll find the cure for Drakkars ---- curse in that backward place.
Aztoria said, and Lyra agreed.
But Fertile Valley still held a huge secret they were about to uncover ...
and it would be the key to healing her mate.
wee At the lake are: Whew, I cant believe how much salt we managed to save this time! The members of Fertile Valley were buzzing with excitement.
Theyd been there for hours, hunted some chickens and were now roasting them underground, just like Lyra had taught them.
Even with the cheerful chatter, reliving the crazy stuff theyd been through, every time someone mentioned Drakkar or Lyra, all eyes turned toward the forest.
Do you really think they escaped? Drakkar doesnt even have a wolf, and Lyras an Omega...
Silence fell again.
Only the crackle of the fire and the sound of water filled the air. and dont forget about Nana and Verak...
Im so mad at Verak! one of the warriors growled.
What kind of leader abandons his people and vanishes without a ---- word? What if something happened to him? Nothing happened to that pampered idiot, Lorenzos woman snapped.
Lyra and I saw him talking to the Alphas son...
all secretive.
I dont know what the hell they were up to...
Someone's coming...
###Chapter 1009
---- 49.
YOU ARE TO BLAME! NARRATOR A warrior suddenly stood up, raising the alarm, and everyone else followed, tenseuntil the familiar scents reached their noses.
They're here! When the bushes parted, Drakkar appeared carrying Nana, and Lyra had shifted back into her human form.
They're okay! Lyra, we did the PDE and it worked! Lyra smiledof course she knew it had worked. Oh, heavens! Its Nana! Amid the excitement of the reunion, they noticed the limp body Drakkar was carrying.
They quickly laid her down on some furs by the fire, but the Omega was trembling uncontrollably.
Thats when Lyra realized the wolfs condition was worse than it seemed.
Nana was dying, Quick, bring me some leaves shaped like thi ---- She grabbed a stick and started drawing in the dirt, recalling everything shed found during her expedition with Drakkar.
Some men jumped into action and left to gather the medicinal herbs, Someone has to feed her bloodpreferably a strong male, Lyra instructed, but obviously it wouldnt be her man.
Pl do it, one of the single males volunteered willingly.
The women grabbed the clay pots they'd traded at the fair, filled them with water, and put them to boil for the decoction.
Lost in her feverish daze, Nana could only hear Lyras voice and feel the good intentions in her heart trying to save her life.
She'd been so foolish...
Drakkar, did you not meet up with Verak? Where is he? Does he know were waiting here? { dont know. We just found Nana wounded while we were escaping.
Drakkar answered with his usual serious facenot a trace of a lie in his expression.
They believed him without question He and Lyra had agreed not to give any details.
No one could know ---- they were the ones who killed Verak.
###Chapter 1010
---- They managed to stabilize the Omega, but they couldnt stay by the lake forever.
The next day, before sunrise, the group set out.
Some shifted into their wolf forms, carrying the heavy sacks, and they took turns with others who kept watch.
As if nature was on their side, the journey back was surprisingly smooth, and a few days later, they spotted their pack from a nearby hill.
The salt group is back! The gate sentry shouted, drawing everyones attention.
The Alpha was just getting ready to go hunting with the warriors and was stunned to hear theyd returned so quickly.
Surely, they hadnt traded muchbut when the group entered through the gate and dumped out sack after sack, more than anyone had ever seen, the Alphas eyes sparkled with pride.
So much salt! Wheres the team leader? I want to congratulate him! he laughed, looking for his son among the warriors. Strange that he wasnt leading them.
But when he saw the somber faces and shifting eyes, he knew something was wrong.
---- Where is Verak? No one answered.
I ASKED, WHERE IS MY SON?! He roared, but before Lorenzowho was at the front of the group could respond, a cry came from behind the Alpha.
Nana, my child! The healer ran, her old sharp eyes and keen nose had found Nana lying on one of the wolves backs.
She threw herself onto her, touching her with trembling hands, shocked at her daughters condition.
Nana wasnt getting better.
No matter what Lyra did, she was barely surviving.
It was like she didnt want to live anymore.
WHAT DID YOU DO TO MY DAUGHTER?! Why did you run away, Nana?! WHY?! Gertrude screamed, crying.
These days had been hell for her, imagining thousands of tragic scenarios.
she knew Nana had run off to go after Verak.
The Alpha had sent a team to look for her in the area.
When they didnt find her, they figured she had made it safely to the salt group.
But a mothers heart never rests.
---- You?! It was you two! Suddenly, she pointed at Lyra and Drakkar, spitting with hatred. They had to be the ones responsible for what happened to her pup.
Drakkar mustve found out shed sent someone to kill him in secret.
He was alive, and Omar never came back.
Of course, he'd taken his revenge on innocent Nana.
Drakkar and Lyra said nothing.
They just stood there, quiet but alert, ready to flee at any moment.
If Gertrude revealed Drakkars secrets, they would never let themselves be captured and burned.
###Chapter 1011
---- 50.
ON THE BRINK OF CONFLICT NARRATOR "alpha, they definitely harmed Verak!" Gertrudis started twisting the situation; she was going all in, mask off, against Drakkar and that bitch.
What the hell are you talking about?! Drakkar! Where is my son?! SAY SOMETHING, DAMN IT!" "Alpha, no one knows anything, and what she says isnt true..." Lorenzo stood up to the healer, frowning.
Everyone was ready to defend Lyra and Drakkar.
"They rescued Nana and helped us escape..." "That cant be!" the old woman snapped, raising her staff, her face twisted with malice.
"You're all just under Drakkars spell!" "Mom..." suddenly, Nana's whispering voice broke the tension, and a trembling hand grabbed Gertrudiss skirt. "Daughter!" the healer bent down to hug her; she felt Nanas deep pain.
Her she-wolf tried to reconnect with her little pup, their bond fading but not yet broken.
---- "Nana..." she looked into her daughters vacant eyesthose eyes that just days ago were full of life and dreams for the future.
"They...
saved me...
Drakkar and Lyra, With labored breath, Nana said it.
Her voice was barely audible, but everyone heard her.
"T...
was the Alphas sons mate...
he made a deal with Verak...
he handed me over to that man who...
who abused me and locked me up..." Her throat felt like sandpaper, but Nana forced herself to tell the lie laced with truth.
She wanted to cry, but there were no tears left to shed.
"Then they fought over... something stolen from Drakkar...
the Alpha Killed Verak, and Verak...
stabbed him before he died..." "NooOO!"" The Alphas roar shook everyone's mind.
He hadnt sensed his sons death from so far away, but now he understood the pain that had tormented him these last days.
Veraks sister collapsed to the ground, sobbing.
Her mother had died, and now her brother too.
###Chapter 1012
---- "YOU LYING BITCH! MY SON WASNT THAT KIND OF TRASH! YOU'RE JUST SAYING THAT BECAUSE HE NEVER WANTED YOU!" The Alpha lunged at Nana, ready to tear her apart.
This little woman had brought the curse down on Verak just by running away.
He mustve been killed defending her from the other Alpha.
"Please, no, no!" "Let me go!" he screamed, seeing red, struggling against the warriors holding him back.
If you touch my pup, I swear Ill curse you for eternity!" The healer covered her daughter and stood up to the leader.
The whole pack was on fire like a powder keg.
The salt team started sharing their version of events, and it all aligned with what Nana had said.
"T saw it with my own eyes, Alpha. Your son was talking suspiciously to that Nerén gu Shut up!" the Alpha, completely unhinged, slapped Lorenzos mate across the face as she was explaining nearby.
Lorenzo growled furiously, shielding his woman and lunging at ---- the arrogant bastard to return the hit.
He owed him respect but no one laid a hand on his mate.
Things got worse.
The Alpha shifted into his wolf, broke free of the circle, and attacked Lorenzoand anyone who tried to stop him.
Everyone understood his grief, but the warriors from the salt group had been through too much to tolerate this injustice.
They all shifted into their wolf forms, shielding the women, standing beside Lorenzo, and facing off against the Alpha "This is rebellion! Treason against your own tribe!" The Alpha froze mid-attack.
It wasnt the same to face one angry wolf...
as it was to face over a dozen.
Even as Alpha, he couldnt win that.
"alpha, we're not the ones who killed Verak! Be reasonablewe dont want this to go further!" The Alpha stayed furious, but even with his head boiling, he still had some sense left.
He had more warriors on his side, surebut hed lose valuable men ina fit of rage.
---- But someone had to pay for his sons death.
His red eyes narrowed toward the pair in the back.
Too calm.
Too quiet.
Lyra...
Lyra... Veraks obsession.
And Drakkar was her male.
What if they were involved in his pups death? "What kind of could Drakkar possibly have...
that made the Alpha and Verak kill each other for it?" he muttered through gritted teeth.
He locked onto the two of them.
And the more he thought about it...
the more he was convinced: Nana, Drakkar, and that white-haired bitch...
all three of them had to die.
###Chapter 1013
---- 51.
UNDER ATTACK NARRATOR No matter how much they explained to the Alpha, the pain of Verak's death clouded his mind, and he ordered Drakkar and Lyra to be imprisoned.
He almost took Nana too, but he still feared the influence of the old healer.
Of course, Drakkar resisted.
No one was going to lock them up again.
Tf you take them, you'll have to face us too! The salt team was fuming with rage over the injustice.
Verak had been an idiot whose plans had backfired. He left them to their fate without caring at all.
Only Drakkar and Lyra stood by them.
Then you're all out of my pack! YOU'RE EXPELLED, GET OUT! GET OFF MY LAND! The warriors' hearts trembled.
No one expected that reaction from the Alpha.
Being cast out of the tribe was no joke.
Only the unity of the werewolves allowed them to survive in such a hostile environment.
---- Don't be afraid.
Whoever chooses to follow us will live better than staying in this pack.
Lyra's voice reached them.
The women turned to look at her, and so did the warrior wolves.
They were putting all their faith in Lyra and Drakkar.
It seemed crazy, but the Alpha had already kicked them out...
unless they handed them over.
Lyra knows way more than the healer.
She can heal and build amazing things.
I think it's a good idea to follow them. But...
where will we live? Fear and uncertainty squeezed their hearts, but one by one, they started moving toward the she-wolf and her mate.
The Alpha of Fertile Valley was grinding his teeth in rage.
He cursed them as ungrateful and hurled a stream of insults.
From that moment on, they werent allowed to hunt in the safe zone of his pack and were considered enemies.
Almost the entire salt team left the pack that day, and of course, they took a huge amount of the salt they'd brought with them.
alpha, where are we going to live now? Suddenly, Lorenzo, pushed forward by the others, spoke to ---- Drakkar.
###Chapter 1014
---- Even without a wolf, Drakkar had proven himself a formidable warrior, worthy of being a leader.
alpha? Drakkar turned with one eyebrow raised.
If Lyra is our healer, then you're the Alpha...
In the middle of the forest, a dozen people stared at them with worried, expectant eyes.
We'll head to a safe shelter first, then figure out what to do, Lyra told them.
Truth was, now that she thought about it, this really messed up her plans.
She couldnt live here forever, but these people had defended and followed them.
The least she could do was help them get settled. They moved quickly through the forest toward the cave where that beast once lived and where the secrets of the forge were hidden.
It would now be their improvised home.
weKE A few days passed, and of course, the Alpha wasnt going to let this ￡0.
---- Sir, we havent been able to find them, but the trail What do you mean you havent?! the Alpha slammed his thigh.
The forest isn't that big.
I'm sure they're not far from here! T'm sure we'll find them today, the warrior replied with a complicated look.
The Alpha wasnt about to swallow that insult just like that.
silently, he was following the trail of those traitors, planning to strike when they least expected it Meanwhile, Gertrudis was desperate.
Nana wasnt getting better, and she knew only the power of that, mysterious crystal could strengthen her bond with her Omega wolf.
But the old healers health was already too damaged.
That dark energy was too dominant, stealing years of life.
She couldnt extract it by herself.
Nana, no matter what I have to do, I'll heal you, daughter, even if Thave to kiss that womans feet, Gertrudis whispered, looking at the girl in bed.
She made a decision, summoned her reddish-white wolf, and carefully placed her pup on her back.
She left the packin secret, slipping through the foliage, carrying ---- only the most important things in a pouch tied around her neck.
Inher heart, she knew.
Only Lyra could help her deal with that magic she didnt understand. she had to find her and beg.
As Gertrudis exited through the back of the packs territory, one of the trackers came running to the front gate, grinning.
The Alpha was talking with his warriors.
Alpha, I found them! He roared, and the male turned around excited.
It was the news he had been waiting for.
Tell me, where did those rats go? They're in...
aaaggrt! The revelation got stuck in his throat, suddenly pierced by an arrow.
Everyone's eyes widened in shock, and at the same time, the sentry sounded the alarm.
We're under attack! Enemies! 
###Chapter 1015
---- 52.
VENGEANCE NARRATOR Everyone, shift! Take the women and pups to a safe place!" The Alpha roared, barely managing to shift into his animal form when more than fifty enraged wolves came charging out of the dense forest.
They wore heavy armor on their backs, camouflaged with plant scents, way more prepared than them, who had been taken completely by surprise.
The black wolf leading the enemy pack burst through the wooden gate, tearing down the weak defenses, charging like a battering ram against anyone in his way.
They wiped out the pack in less than half an hour.
Ferocious beast fights broke out between the huts.
The ground was stained crimson, and the roars of rage and pain reached the sky. Gertrudis watched from a high hill in the distance.
Her eyes filled with shock at the fire and slaughter.
The wind carried death and conquest.
---- If she had delayed only half an hour, she and her daughter would have perished.
The Valle Fértil pack was conquered.
The Alpha lay defeated under the claws of the other Alpha, the one with black fur.
"Why are you attacking us?! We didnt mess with you!" "SHUT UP!" he growled, lowering his snout and baring his fangs.
"You dared burn my pack, steal my goods! YOU DARED TO MURDER MY SON!" Thats when they understood...
he was Neréns father, the heir Verak was supposedly accused of killing.
already expelled the traitors, theyre not in this pack, theyre hiding in the forest! My son died too!" "Your son was a fucking coward who murdered Nerén in cold blood!" the man had already drawn his own conclusions based on what he found.
The pupils of Valle Fértils Alpha shrank as he saw the bloody jaws lowering toward his throat, pinned down by the heavy paw.
He tried to fight back, but it was useless.
His life was ripped away in a fury of vengeance.
---- "KILL THEM ALL!" the victor roared, blood still dripping from his mouth.
No mercy, no slaves, no survivors.
Everyone paid for the sins of a few. The Valle Fértil pack was wiped out in just one hour.
"search the forest! Find those fugitives!" Nothing could calm the Alphas heart.
When he returned from his conquest expedition and found half his pack destroyed by fire and his son murdered, he cried to the heavens for justice.
Gertrudis ran desperately, keeping an eye out for wild animals, but the weight she carried slowed her down.
Sweeping through the area the warriors were now combing, she still hadnt found Drakkar and the others.
But then, danger fell upon her in a flash.
she was sniffing around a clearing when the rustle of leaves behind her alerted her.
###Chapter 1016
---- She turned her eyes and saw the huge open mouth of a predator.
In her condition, fighting wasnt an option, so she tried to run, but ---- her clumsy paws and the fear of Nana slipping off didnt let her get far.
She let out a roar as she fell, tumbling over the dirt.
Nana whimpered in pain, trying to get up and fight too.
Her tiny, weak body struggled just to stay on her feet.
Gertrudiss wolf faced the predator with bared fangs, shielding her pup, but her heart was crushed by despair.
This was the end. The predator lunged with a victorious hiss, but just before the collision, the air shifted and a swift spear flew, piercing one of the beasts eyes.
With a low growl and violent spasms, it turned toward the bushes, trying to keep going, but then collapsed to the ground, dead on the spot.
Drakkar and Lorenzo stepped out from the treesthey had been hunting nearby, "What are you doing here?" Drakkar asked with hostility, sniffing the air.
If it was a trap, hed kill her without hesitation.
"Its not what you think, I need to talk to Lyra." "Nol" ---- "Its not a trap, Drakkar! I know you dont trust me, but what I have to say might help you too!" Gertrudis was ready to do whatever it took.
Drakkar hesitated, but the healers next words made up his mind.
"The pack was attacked.
I dont know by who.
I saw it from afar while I was sneaking away." They were both stunned.
Territory wars were more common than they thought.
But Drakkar and Lorenzo exchanged glances.
They suspected it was the same pack where Verak had died.
In the end, Gertrudis and Nana were taken back with them under threat of being killed at the slightest sign of a trap.
Gertrudis noticed the spear tipsblack and razor-sharp. She didnt say anything, but her heart was stunned.
What kind of material was that? Also, when they reached the outskirts of the cave, she had to carefully follow Drakkar and Lorenzos exact steps while they carried Nana.
The place was full of clever traps and guards.
---- Inside the cave, Gertrudis saw a tall pen holding some less aggressive animals that were being fed.
The faces around her watched with curiosity and suspicion, but not hunger or despair.
Strangely, there were very few people.
Where were the rest? And where was Lyra? "Once we pass this point, just know theres no turning back." 
###Chapter 1017
---- 53.
A SURPRISE FOR YOU NARRATOR Drakkar warned the healer, who had already shifted back to her human form.
Gertrudis and Nana had nowhere else to go either.
alright," both of them said, and they were led to the back of the cave through a well-camouflaged crack.
Drakkar pushed aside the curtain of leaves theyd woven to mask the scents.
They passed through the passage, and both women arrived in a whole new world.
Through the cave network, they had discovered a cavern with a vent, free of gases and heat.
Not only did they have hot springs to bathe and boil leaves, but also better-made huts crafted with pelts, bones, and wood. Best of all, they hunted powerful creatures despite having few warriors, but nothing could stand against their new weapons Gertrudis held back from asking questions.
Especially because of the hostile glares from the women chiseling stone molds.
---- Alll of this progress had been brought by Lyra in just a few days.
She told everyone that the dagger was made in these caves, not traded at the fair like they had claimed to the Alpha.
Gertrudis deeply regretted her arrogance and ignorance, She found Lyra inside one of the most ventilated huts at the center of the settlement.
Whatever you came to ask me, if its not something that helps Drakkar, Im not interested." The Alpha looked at her with sharp eyes.
She had always known that old woman knew more than she let on.
"T dont know if it'll help Drakkar exactly, but Ill reveal everything my master taught me." Then Gertrudis entered Lyras hut, and under Drakkars close watch, she told her about the magical crystal hidden in the mountain.
Its dangers and effects.
Lyras eyes widened; she looked like a power conduit.
Maybe that was the solution to Drakkars curse.
She hadnt found much magic on this savage continent.
---- "We'll go right now," Lyra said, standing up, excited.
"No, night is falling.
That area is dangerous, even for you.
Better to go in daylight." Gertrudis was the most desperate to steal some of that magic, but she also didnt want to die before her time. Lyra thought about it and nodded.
'Theres something else..." "Pm listening," Lyra looked at her with suspicion.
"Twont come back this time.
When I teach you how to recite part of the spell, I...
will die..." Gertrudis looked outside, where the women were tending to Nana.
"We haven't been good to you.
I dont ask for your mercy, only that you give my daughter a chance.
She was just a foolish girl in love, and shes already paid the price." Lyra nodded.
She didnt pity Gertrudis, she still remembered the girl they burned when she arrived They all deserved to die for their ignorance, but she wasnt the Goddess to judge these wolves 
###Chapter 1018
---- She would go as far as she could, as long as she could save her man.
Drakkar was all that mattered to her.
preety That night, they settled into the cave's shelter.
The forging didnt stop.
Lyra had taught them Gaias secrets, and despite the failures, many of the weapons came out crookedbut deadly nonetheless.
They kept watch outside nonstop so they wouldnt be caught off guard.
Just before going to bed, Drakkar took Lyras hand and snuck through the tunnel network with her.
"Baby, where are you taking me?" Lyra smiled, more in love with her male every day.
"a surprise." Drakkar turned to look at her, and Lyra saw the playful glint dancing in his beautiful eyes and the shadow of a smile. Her heart skipped a beat, and Aztoria was already licking her lips.
"shhh..." Before exiting the tunnel, Drakkar placed a finger on her lips, signaling her to stay quiet.
He stood behind her, covering her eyes and slowly guiding her ---- forward.
The fresh night breeze brushed Lyras face, and a salty trace tickled her lips.
The sound of waves echoed in the distance.
"Open your eyes, my female," alow whisper spilled into her ear, making her shiver.
Lyra was stunned by the scene in front of them.
The cave exit opened onto a high cliff.
Below, the forest stretched to a small bay where the crystal-clear waters broke on white sand.
"TPs...
its the sea," Lyra said, amazed.
Drakkar beamed with pride at his discovery, smiling as he saw the wonder in his womans eyes.
He himself had stood there, mouth open like an idiot, when he discovered that endless stretch of water.
He let out a low whistle, breaking the stillness, and suddenly green lights rose into the sky, dancing in the air like they were reaching the stars.
The moonlight lit up the calm sea and the landscape.
"Drakkar, its...
its beautiful," Lyra turned to wrap her arms ---- around his neck, smiling with love.
"Its beautiful!" " found it for you. I knew you like it." Drakkars rough hand brushed a strand of her hair behind her ear.
"I dont like it, I love it...
just like I love you." They were madly in love, their souls forever bound.
"Lyra, I want you..." Drakkar leaned toward her, his hands circling her waist possessively, his lips whispering over hers.
Lyra felt the lust in her man, but Drakkars brow furrowed.
"Lyra, I dont want to hurt you..." Baby, didnt I already prove Im not weak at all?" Lyra rose up on her tiptoes.
One hand caressing his hard, muscular chest, the other teased over the short skirt, stroking the hardened shaft that pushed up beneath Drakkars abs.
"Ssshh..." the male closed his eyes as the sinful hand began massaging his balls.
###Chapter 1019
---- 54.
IT'S CALLED 69 NARRATOR His hungry mouth couldnt hold back anymore and went straight to devour his fernales.
He moved his lips over Lyras soft ones, sucked them between his teeth, and slid his tongue inside to taste her.
Lyra pushed him by the chest, and Drakkar stepped back, still locked in the kiss, until he was cornered against a tree.
His large hand slid under his womans skirt.
Breathing heavily, mouths moving and tongues intertwining His calloused fingers caressed the length of her wet slit, the soaked panties full of desire.
They slipped past the edge, reaching the slippery folds and the throbbing clit.
Lyra moaned into his mouth from the way he teased and groped her so erotically.
Drakkar rubbed her clit in delicious circles that made her whole body tremble.
He caressed between her pussy petals and pushed his middle finger in, fingering her, stretching her open. Drakkar buried his face in the curve of her neck, breathing in her ---- sweet scent, growling low at the vigorous movements of his mates hand.
Her small fist pumped up and down his massive cock outside the loincloth.
The sticky thread melted between Lyras fingers.
They touched each other, pressed against the tree, getting hotter, exploring, pushing each other to the limit.
Drakkar couldnt take it anymore.
He turned Lyra around, pinning her to the smooth trunk.
Ripped off her top and lowered his head to shove her delicious tits into his mouth, devouring them greedily, sucking the areolas, licking her hard nipples with lustful strokes Lyra moaned to the sky and gripped his dark hair that tickled against her flushed skin.
Desire was setting her sanity on fire.
Drakkar ripped off his leather skirt and laid it on her back to protect her from scrapes.
He lifted one of Lyras legs over his hip and aimed the beastly, reddened tip between her open pussy lips.
Baby, fuck me, Drakkar, I want you...
---- Lyra, my Lyra...
Ssshhh...
mmmnnn...
Their moans merged into the night as the thick cock pushed into the horny Alphas cunt.
She opened up and welcomed that hot, hard spear.
Lyra clung to her mans muscular back, feeling the throb of that shaft inside her sheath.
abhh...
fuck, that feels so good! she moaned, hugging Drakkar as he impaled her from below, gasping, turned on by her males rough grunts as he slammed all the way in.
They both were lost in each others bodies. Drakkar fucked her like a beast, switching between fast, wild thrusts and slow, delicious grinds that had the Alpha begging for more.
Beneath the moonlight and the sound of waves, they made love out in the wild.
ah, ah, ah, my male...
so good...
aaahhh right there, right fucking there...
Drakkar...
mmmnnn...
ahhh! Lyra went mad with lust.
Her body was lifted over Drakkars massive frame.
###Chapter 1020
---- Her ass was grabbed and spread rough, her pussy wide open in the air, bouncing up and down, leaving creamy juices all over that long cock.
she rocked and bounced on her mans length, nearly seeing stars.
Their mouths devoured each other desperately.
Drakkar roared like a beast in heat, thrusting upward, his whole body tense, moaning louder and louder.
Their claws dug into each others skin, biting like mating wolves, so raw and primal, so damn filthy.
With a guttural cry, the females pussy started to convulse around the cock still plunging in and out.
Drakkar slowed down, savoring the orgasmic look on Lyras face, the way her body trembled over him, how sweat dripped down her neck and hung from her nipples.
Her head thrown back, back arched.
Red lips, parted seductively, those wolfish, predatory eyes stared at him in ecstasy, like they wanted to devour him whole.
My male... Aztorias voice claimed her dominance, biting the side of his neck rough and possessively.
Drakkar started thrusting again, his eyes flickering with red flashes.
---- He looked up at the moon, shivers racing down his spine, his balls slapping against that tight, delicious pussy.
His canines grew enormous, pale fur spread across his back and arms; the shift happened wildly as his cock twitched and released a powerful load.
Hot and thick, making Lyra moan while feeding off him.
aabhh...
sshhhh give it all to me, my male! That cock throbbed deep inside her, spilling milky fluids that dripped to the ground.
Drakkar slammed her against the tree and lowered his head to feed on his woman.
Only Lyras blood could tame the savage beast clawing to break free from inside him.
Sounds of gulping, heavy breathing, filled the clearing.
The smell of sex and dark lust, of release and burning need.
But the night was still young, and Drakkar had gone through too much to find this idyllic spot.
He still needed more rewards.
His cock, which had just come, was already getting hard again.
---- He grabbed Lyras hair, dominant and primal, their crimson mouths inches apart.
T want you to clean off all that cum with your mouth, Alpha.
Lyras eyes widened at the filthy command; his calloused finger stroked her lower lip.
Drakkars low tone was threatening, but it turned her on like crazy.
She could see his inner wolf just beneath the surface; Drakkar was learning to share control with him more and more.
She licked her lips, seductiveshe wasnt about to let that horny wolf take her that easy. Pll suck it if you lick me too.
I dont do shit for free, little wolf.
Aztoria spoke with full-on sass through Lyras mouth.
They stared at each other, panting, eyes full of burning promises.
go how do we do this? Both heard him with a wicked smirk at the corners of their lips.
Lie down on the grass, Im gonna teach you the next lesson...
its called 69.
And while the others were out there fighting to survive, these two hot, filthy wolves spent the night enjoying...
the scenery and nature.
###Chapter 1021
---- 55.
REUNION WITH MY LOVED ONES.
NARRATOR The victorious Alpha stood among the ruins of what was once the Fertile Valley pack.
His dark gaze and thirst for vengeance remained unquenched.
Where did this weapon come from? He asked himself again, staring at the dagger in his hand.
The pain of losing his son mingled with greed.
None of these fools seemed to now how to make it, but his people had spoken of a white-haired woman and another male who wasnt there.
"sir, we found a trail near those mountains," the warrior reported, pointing in one direction. They were experts in tracking and conquest.
"Get ready." wee The next day, just as the sun rose over the horizon, Lyra, Drakkar, Gertrudis, and Nana set off toward the intricate passage.
The steep and hidden grotto led them into a dark cave.
---- "Dont be afraid.
The beasts dont dare to come in here," she said, walking ahead in her wolf form, carrying Nana.
Nanas illness came more from the heart than the bodythe bond with her Omega was weakened and withered.
When Lyra entered the cavern where the healer had guided them and saw the huge inscription filled with runes, she was left speechless She blew softly, and cold mist escaped her lips.
Around her, the walls were coated in ice, massive stalagmites hung, from the ceiling, and at the center stood a frozen wall rising toward the heights.
"That's the stone my master found in these parts," Gertrudis told her.
"He was a priest from the High Packs who came here to die.
He knew a lot and managed to figure out a way to extract some of its magic, but its extremely difficult.
The healer had already returned to her human form and was dressing.
Lyra frowned; she recognized many of those magical runes.
The spell seemed to be a seal meant to keep something trapped inside.
---- A dull thud behind her startled her.
she turned and saw Drakkar falling to the ground with his hand clutching his chest.
"Drakkar!" she rushed to him, and when she touched his back, she saw those dark veins pulsing wildly, surging with destructive power. Drakkar roared, lifting his head.
His fangs were those of a beast, his eyes narrowing into slits like his wolf's.
He was losing control, battling a pain tearing him apart from within.
"Tm going to help you, Drakkar! Gertrudis, place your daughter near the ice, its an ice spell, not a stone!" she urged.
Drakkars skin burned hot, shifting between fur and muscle.
He writhed on the ground in agony.
"Gertrudis, now!" Lyra roared, and the healer left Nana near the wall to run and grab the Alphas hand.
"Neither of us is a witch, we only read spells.
Repeat my words exactly." 
###Chapter 1022
---- She warned her, and Gertrudis looked at her daughter before nodding with determination.
She could already feel the dark magic inside the ice crystal.
Lyra began reading, focused, every rune she recognized and had studied with her great-grandmother Selenia The letters began to glow as they were spoken in the correct order.
The wall of ice vibrated, and a dark shadow moved within the reflection in its depths, pleading to be released, roaring to be freed, Lyra suddenly felt fear.
Was she doing the right thing? What had been sealed inside? What if she unleashed something dangerous? Still, she couldnt stop, especially not when Drakkar roared again, making the ceiling tremble, and suddenly dashed toward the frozen spell.
"Drakkar, no!" Lyra froze for a moment, thinking hed crash into it, but to everyones shock, the warriors massive body passed through the barrier as if it were water.
Ripples formed on the surface and swallowed him; the light became blinding.
Lyra wanted to go after him, but Gertrudiss hand held her like a shackle.
---- Let go of me, old woman!" but when she looked at her, she saw the healer was no longer in control. Her eyes had gone completely white, and her mouth kept chanting the spellshe had been possessed by the magic inside the crystal.
Lyra had no choice but to continue the ritual.
She looked at Nanas body as it began to rise into the air, absorbing the magical power leaking through the cracks.
She convulsed, her hair floatedthis could either bring her back stronger or destroy her, just like her mother.
Lyra and Aztoria lifted their heads to see Drakkars shadow trapped inside, and behind it, another creature appeared.
The silhouette of a giant beast howled toward the sky.
Her eyes widened and, at that very moment...
BOOM! The ice seal shattered with a burst of light.
Lyra shielded her face with her hand, and in that moment, she had a revelation.
So much magic had connected her to the people desperately trying to find her.
?"Mom?" her gray eyes looked in awe at the Selenias praying ina circle, trying to reach out and find her.
---- Lyral" Sigrid suddenly stood up, tears streaming down her face.
She turned and stared straight at her, as if she were truly standing in front of her.
"Mom!" Lyra tried to take a step forward, but couldnt; she felt herself fading.
Her grandmother and great-grandmother were crying, but they couldnt break the spell, or the connection would be lost.
Sigrid ran toward her, but hands made of dark mist made her turn around.
"Sweetheart..." her fathers abyss-black eyes looked at herSilas was out of control, using all his power to track them down.
"Dad, Im okay..." Lyra sobbed, hugging him, and his cold arms wrapped around her.
she was only a magical projection in front of her familyshe passed through them like a ghost. Sigrid hugged her too, and she held on between her parents.
"No, no, Mom, Grandma, we need more time!" Sigrid screamed in desperation as she watched her vanish again.
"Lyra, we're coming for you, sweetheart, hold on!" Through her blurred vision, Lyra saw them all, her beloved family, ---- and just before disappearing, her eyes met her grandfather's.
The Lycan Kings hand caressed her translucent cheek.
"T know you can handle anything, because you are my pride and my blood." Lyra nodded to those eyes, gray like the purest steel.
Of course she would find her way back home, and very soon, theyd see each other again.? When the blinding light faded, Lyra was still covering her face, wiping away tears.
But a wild breath was blowing over her hair.
With bloodshot eyes, she looked up and saw a beast nearly three meters tall standing before her.
A fierce wolfs head, with platinum and black fur, stared at her intensely, releasing that honeysuckle scent that wrapped around her with possessiveness and love.
###Chapter 1023
---- 56.
KHALUM IN WAR MODE NARRATOR In Lyras mind, the wolf that had saved her in the jungle slipped into her inner world, circling around Aztoria, who stared at him in fascination.
she was a big Alpha, but her mate towered over her.
They sniffed and licked each other, recognizing one another as two halves of a whole.
"T'm your mate, little one.
My name is Khalum," he said, caressing her snout.
suddenly, that wild lycan scooped Lyra into his arms, and she felt so small against the softness of his broad chest.
Dont cry, my beautiful Lyra, I'l take you home, Drakkars voice poured into her heart.
Why did Drakkar now look like a lycan? Had he already been cured of his curse by absorbing that strange magic? Lyra didnt understand what kind of combination this was, but she snuggled against him and closed her eyes to gather strength.
His scent, his warmth, his protection... it all surrounded her and ---- made her sigh.
why do you look like that, like a lycan? she heard Aztoria ask Khalum.
A lycan? he tilted his fluffy head to the side, just like Drakkar did when he didnt understand something.
phe form you took when you held Lyra.
This is my war form, but when its not needed, I look like this.
He trotted around Aztoria, who gave him a thorough look.
Lyra finally smiled subtly when she heard the lustful thoughts of her wayward wolf.
Drakkar was also getting used to the feeling of connecting with his other half.
But it turned out things werent that simple.
The war form was hard to maintain, it required more energy, like the one sealed within the ice runes.
It felt like someone had taken the power of Drakkars wolf and split it into many parts.
Who did that and why? Khalum couldnt remember, but now he was able to track it and knew where the next ice altar was.
---- The curse hadnt been fully lifted.
However, at least Drakkar could count more on his awakened wolf.
Khalums warrior form rubbed against Lyra a bit before gently laying her down on the ground.
Though reluctant, he gave control back to his human side.
Drakkar transformed ina grotesque, visceral way.
Gasping, restless on the ground, naked and drenched in sweat.
The size shift hurt like hell.
Lyra held him and covered him with her skirt. As Drakkar recovered, he looked past the womens bodies.
He rushed to Nana.
She was unconscious, but looked flushed, not so pale, her pulse steady; however, that wasnt the case for Gertrudis.
"Lyra...
take..." when the Alpha went to help her, she tore a leather strip from her neck that held a blue stone pendant.
"Take it...
it belonged to my...
master..." She placed it in her hands with a dim expression and spasms.
Lyra knew she was dying; a trail of blood dripped down her lips.
###Chapter 1024
---- "Fo..Jlow...
the brightest star...
it'll take you...
to the High Pack...
of the South...
look...
for Memento..."" With great effort, she managed to pass on her masters final thoughts.
She should ve left for that more advanced pack with Nana a long time ago. Right then, the girls scream echoed, and Lyra stepped aside to give her time to say goodbye.
She and Drakkar left the cave, and Lyra asked him to dig a hole so Gertrudis wouldnt be left out in the open.
seek An hour later, the three of them stood over the grave.
Nana was crying silently, but she looked much tougher and more mature.
Thanks for getting me out of that hell, she said suddenly.
They just nodded.
as long as you hold no grudge against us in your heart, we're at peace, Lyra stared at her, searching for any hidden plot in Nana.
She might still blame them for her mothers death; worse things had happened.
---- But Nana seemed to have learned the lesson.
With one last look, they were on their way back when a loud crash in the distance made them go on alert.
Tts coming from the cave direction, looks like theyre being attacked, said Drakkar.
Let's go! they started running down the mountain.
seek Protect the females! Lorenzo roared, lunging at the rabid wolves who had managed to get past the pit and the log battering rams.
They were way more than them, but the new weapons gave them courage They stood in front of the big cave, wielding Gaias spears and knives.
stabbing the enemies who bled out from the deep wounds.
The Alpha watched, cloaked in shadows. Amazed by the power of that black material.
The dagger in his hand didnt seem so great anymore.
Look at all those weapons they had! ---- His war wolves were falling like flies, retreating, scared now that the bodies were piling up.
Lorenzo and the warriors roared with energy and inflated egos; they felt invincible.
Dont leave a single one alive! No one could be allowed to escape; the secret couldnt spread.
The Alpha hid deeper in the brush, two warriors at his side.
They would retreat for now, but theyd be back better prepared.
Theyd conquer this treasure! But a roar beside him pulled him out of his dream.
###Chapter 1025
---- 57.
THE WOLF KING'S CONCUBINES NARRATOR She saw her trusted man being dragged by a huge white she-wolf who shook him like a rag doll, fighting fiercely.
Another warrior jumped in to help, and the Alpha was planning to corner her, but a black-and-white shadow rushed in from his right side.
He jumped back, saving his neck by barely an inch.
He shifted to face Drakkars massive, untamed wolf.
Even without his war form, he was still a beast to be feared.
The Alphas wolf got tangled in a fight that didnt last long.
Khalum carried that dark and violent energy, he needed to let out the rage. He crushed the Alpha in his jaws, ripped open his throat and watched him bleed out onto the grass.
Then he rushed to help his female, who, by the way, was already finishing off the last warrior.
Amidst the corpses and crimson liquid dripping from their fangs, Aztoria and Khalum rubbed against each other and circled.
---- They touched like it was a passionate, bloody scene.
When the pack members saw them emerge from the underbrush, they were stunned.
Its me, Drakkar.
This is my wolf, he panted, and the sound spread through the group.
They had never seen such a large and powerful creaturecould he be stronger than an Alpha? Every second, they felt prouder of having followed Lyra and Drakkar.
We cant stay here, we have to leave.
Were going to a High Pack, Lyra had made up her mind; she needed to keep searching for her mates power.
I can take you.
My mother told me everything her master said, Nana climbed down from the tree Drakkar had told her to hide in.
The tribe was amazed at her recovery, and theyd also learned about Gertrudiss death.
From the old pack, only memories remained.
weKE Two days later, with big carts built under Lyras instructions, packed with weapons and supplies, they left following the ---- brightest star.
RE As Lyra continued her journey through the wild lands, in the more developed highlands of the continent, Lavinia had fallen.
Her fate wasnt much better than Lyras. Her inner magic had been drained by the vortex, and in this primitive place, there wasnt enough power to recover.
Still, she found a place with the caretaker of an Alphas daughter, right in the big southern pack Lyra was headed to.
But Lavinia had other plans.
She had heard of the supposed powers of the Wolf King.
A mysterious figure who ruled this world.
Few had seen him, some even doubted he existed, but Lavinia was interested in finding a magic source to open a portal back home.
The opportunity came one night as she eavesdropped through the curtains on the Alpha and the Luna talking.
You cant send our pup! She wont survive that cruel tournament! the Luna shouted, holding a scroll in her hand.
and especially not to the Wolf King! Do you know the rumors about how lewd and perverted he is? How many women have died in his bed! 
###Chapter 1026
---- Lavinia instantly understood.
The Wolf King requested concubines and even chose them in a contest.
Stupid egomaniac.
But this was her chance to sneak into the royal pack.
Pl go, she stepped out of hiding.
I'll pretend to be your daughter.
She hardly ever leaves, no one in the royal pack knows her. The parents looked at each other.
They knew the risks women faced every time the King held those selections.
Almost none came back, but better Lavinia than their daughter.
The next day, under the name of Miss Rosemarie from the Mirrored Moon Pack, Lavinia began her journey.
she would take the place of a weak Omega girl, which was perfect for her lies, but it also made her the first target of the other vicious females who dreamed of being chosen as the next Queen.
eke Meanwhile, beyond the stone-and-mud walls, past the sturdy wooden houses, pastures, woven fabrics, and a life very different from what Lyra had seen, stood the rustic castle of the Wolf King.
A bit ugly and oppressive, but still a castle.
---- you started the tournament without telling His Majesty? one of the priests said to the other as they walked down the corridor.
The King told me to bring in new brides every six months, and six months have passed...
But the King has changed a lot lately! You shouldve at least told the High Priest, their long robes swayed with their quick steps.
The priests had shaved heads and airs of superiority, just because they served in the castle.
The High Priest hasnt come out in years.
Hes studying to be worthy of His Majesty! the man replied pompously, but the other one went quiet.
The High Priest was more like a lazy guy who had dumped all the workon them.
They reached a massive reddish wooden door and knocked, almost afraid. The Wolf King wasnt exactly known for being kind or pleasant.
Lately, his bad temper had gotten worse.
Deep inside the castle, in a secret place even unknown to the priests, a man stood examining a gigantic block of ice.
He knew the runes, but couldnt activate the spellsomething was missing.
---- He needed the arcane energy trapped inside the frozen crystal to connect with his dark realm.
He frowned when he was told those idiots were knocking on his door.
The man turned slowly, and his golden eye gleamed coldly.
###Chapter 1027
---- 58.
I WILL DO WHATEVER IT TAKES NARRATOR "Y-Your Majesty..." The priests bowed, peeking through the massive curtain at the silhouette of the man sitting on the other side.
The Wolf King's presence had always been unusual.
But lately, it had grown stranger and more mysterious than ever.
"Speak," the cold voice echoed from inside, distorted and oppressive.
We brought the list of bride candidates for the Queens tournament... we hope they please you..." The priest extended the parchment with trembling hands, afraid he might lose them in the process.
His silk robe clung to his back, drenched in cold sweat running down his spine.
"Who authorized you to hold a tournament?" The King didn't even need to raise his voice.
They threw themselves to the floor, trembling.
"Y-Your Highness...
you told me every six months...
I thought..." "Do I keep you around to think about anything?" The temperature ---- in the room began to drop, as if an invisible hand was tightening around their throats.
They started to apologize and bow like pathetic little beasts, saying they'd send all the women back to their homes.
That part caught the Wolf King's attention.
"Wait..." He pondered the idea of luring many women into the castle at once.
"Give me that list." The priests glanced at one another, but the one holding the parchment quickly stood up and pressed it against the dark curtain.
His fingers trembled when he saw a black hand emergelong, sharp claws wrapped in swirling black mist. This was a new trick of His Majesty's.
They had never seen it before, and it was far more impressiveand dangerousthan anything from the past.
The list was taken to the man in the chair.
His sharp eyes scanned the names of the females rapidly, but he didnt find what he was looking for.
Still, he had a gut feeling this might be a good opportunity.
"Fine.
I want to see them from day one." He tossed the paper aside, 
###Chapter 1028
---- He just needed to see if any of them were the one he was seeking; if not, they could return to their primitive tribes.
But this King didnt really understand what the priests meant by see them from day one, and things got alittle twisted.
wee The priests rushed out, almost running, like they had just received a royal pardon.
Another day survived under His Majesty, They burst into the head maid's chambers.
BAM! You must prepare the candidates right away to be examined by the King!" "So soon? Isnt he going to run the other tests first?" she asked, shocked.
Heavens above, the monarch was getting more lecherous every year. "Do you want to be the one to go ask him that?" he snapped at her, and the woman quickly shook her head, filled with fear.
"Get the baths ready, the carriages must be arriving! Alondra, bring more maids!" The entire palace sprang into motion, and when Lavinia stepped ---- through the fortified gates and the carriage stopped at the entrance, she was practically dragged out by the maid assigned to assist her.
"wait, I can bathe myself..." Lavinia instinctively went on the defensive at the maid's rushed and slightly aggressive attitude.
"Miss Rosemarie, dont waste our time.
You know very well why youre here.
His Majesty requested contact with the candidates today, so cooperate." Alondra told her firmly.
Deep down, she felt a little sorry for these girls.
Most came with the dumb idea of becoming the next Queen, but there were also some innocents.
Though this Rosemarie seemed mature and focused enough.
"alright," Lavinia had no choice but to take the bait.
Now more than ever, she was willing to stay as long as needed.
She had felt itthis castle held a source of magic.
But where was it, and how could she reach it? If she had to flirt and trick that idiot King to get closer to the power source, she didnt care. ---- She wasnt some innocent virgin girl, but when she realized the deep cleansing bath was really deep...
she started to get the idea.
Standing naked in front of the mirror, she listened to the maids instructions.
His Majesty likes submission.
If you want to pass this round, follow every step I tell you.
?Byes down, dont cover your private parts with your hands.
If His Majesty gives you more attention, kneel with your back to him and show him your pussy by spreading your cheeks...? 
###Chapter 1029
---- 59.
GAME OF CUNNING AND SEDUCTION NARRATOR As Lavinia was perfumed and her brown hair styled, she clenched her teeth tighter and tighter, listening to all that filth.
What that bastard really deserved was to have his balls cut off she'd take care of that after stealing his magic.
She was led into the hallway with a heavy cloak covering her naked body, walking in silence through the oppressive corridors until she reached a room where all the candidates were gathered.
The chandeliers above cast a soft glow over their nervous, made- up faces.
They looked at each other, sizing up their chances. Some shy ones tried to hide in the shadows of the corners.
Lavinia focused on using the little magic she had left to search the corners of this damned castle.
But suddenly, something caught her attention from the second floor, and she looked up.
Through some dark curtains, someone was watching hershe could feel it.
Her brown eyes longed to pierce through the darkness.
Was it that perverted Wolf King? Something about it felt familiar, but not entirely.
It was confusing.
---- She was angry because her magic was weakened, because this so called King didnt seem like such a simple figure after all.
suddenly, the priests arrived, stepping onto the stage at the back and began calling names.
Lavinia watched as the women were divided and guided down one hallway or another.
Soon, her name was called.
she was led down the right hallway, following the head maid, who walked briskly. "Here," she handed her a dark feathered blindfold.
"Put this on and never, ever dare to look at His Majesty's face." Lavinia nodded, Her heart, for some reason, started to pound nervously.
Was she really about to meet that man so soon? She needed to make sure she wasnt thrown out on the first day.
So she walked in ready to follow the rules, fake her way through, and do whatever it took to get that pervert to pick her among the other candidates.
When she entered the dimly lit room, she saw a massive black curtain and knew he was behind it.
She looked down at the polished stone floor, waiting, but no one spoke.
###Chapter 1030
---- Still, she could feel his gaze examining her.
So, following the maids instructionsand before the King could even speakshe took off the heavy red cloak, standing completely naked, exposing her body.
Her small creamy breasts with brown nipples, her soft belly, and the sexy triangle between her thighs.
She clenched her fists, resisting the instinct to cover herself.
Her breathing was a little shaky as she felt the weight of his intense eyes.
Something strange moved in the air. It seemed to wrap around her and caress her skin.
It was magic.
Strong, dominant, strange...
Was this King really not a fraud? Lavinia felt him rise from his chair behind the curtain, and she knew it was time to show him everything she had.
Taking a deep breath, she turned around and got on her knees.
Grinding her teeth, moving in slow motion.
Her torso lowered until her forehead nearly touched the ground, and her nipples brushed against the cold stone She spread her thighs, and her trembling hands reached for her ---- buttocks, pulling them apart to reveal the thick lips of her pussy, her sensitive clit, and that tiny entrance to pleasure.
Her ass was also exposed to the golden eyes that were darkening with a desire buried deep inside him for years She didnt even give him time to speak, but seeing her like that so vulnerable and exposed in a way he never imaginedsomething filthy and twisted stirred in his thoughts.
After all, who said he was one of the good guys? And in that moment, playing the role of the perverted Wolf King had never felt more in line with his own dark and wicked desires.
He leaned down behind her, gripping her ass with his strong hands, and lowered his head, burying it in the center of sinful pleasure.
Lavinia had always seen herself as so mature and grown.
He wanted to see just how far this woman could drive him mad; the trail of her inner magic had always intrigued him.
Lavinia trembled when she felt his hands squeeze her ass with erotic hunger and the hot breath that made her clit shiver. Was this man really not going to say a single word? She opened her mouth to speak, but the only thing that came out was a stifled moan.
---- The King had just licked her pussy! That damn lustful man! And the worst part was that, if she wanted to uncover the secrets of the castle, shed have to endure way more than just a few licks.
This bastard wouldnt beat her.
She'd fake anything she needed to in order to get back home.
What Lavinia never expected was that in this game of deception, cunning, and seduction, she wouldnt just give up her body...
but also her heart.
###Chapter 1031
---- 60.
THE KING'S "MARK" LAVINIA All my muscles were tense, my hands were sweating, and my heart was beating erratically in my chest.
I was staring at the floor, but my senses were locked on the man crouched behind my body.
His cold hands brushed against mine, and I felt the buzz of an electric current.
I didnt know why, but something felt familiar...
though I couldn't quite place it.
tried to let what little magic I had left flow through me to explore the King, but a shield of energy was blocking and hiding him.
1 couldnt get through. Mmmunnn I shuddered when his breath blew right into my sex.
He was sniffing me like a wolf, and that made me feel ashamed.
I wanted to picture the grotesque face of some filthy old pervert to gross myself out, but my mind just wasnt cooperating.
sshh something wet and soft licked me from my clit all the way to the entrance of my tight pussy.
He did it over and over, hissing and salivating.
---- My ass was tight, my shoulders trembling, I was trying to get up, but something held me down.
It felt like a magical hand pressing on the back of my neck, forcing me into this submissive position.
The worst part...
I was starting to get wet.
aah clenched my lips tight, not wanting to moan.
His fingers spread my petals and his mouth went down to suck and devour my clit.
I shouldve fought back, I didnt know what was happening to me, but...
ssshhhhh...
my pleasure button was being licked so deliciously, flicked, rolled between the pads of his fingers faster and faster.
ahh at some point I arched my ass back, laying down on the floor, panting.
My senses blurred, something dark seeped into my pores and bent me to his will. Heavy growls echoed between my legs, the scent of a horny male filled the air.
A finger slid into my soaked pussy, which clenched in excitement, spilling even more juice.
Icried out despite the shame, craving for him to shove it in deeper, ---- faster...
thicker and bigger...
sshhh so fucking good...
a wrecking male cock...
it was obvious I was begging for something else.
###Chapter 1032
---- My clit throbbed under the lash of his tongue, and his vigorous finger was fucking me to the knuckle, creating erotic wet sounds that soon filled the room.
ahhh...
mmm...
yes, yes, right there...
so damn good...
aahahhh I stuck out my tongue, licking my lips, eyes closed beneath the mask, pushing myself back toward him, still holding myself open for him.
The pleasure coiled deep in my belly.
Ithad been forever since I had an orgasm this intense approaching.
With a strange perverted King who was using me like his toy.
Thad to be insane, but I was already seeing the damn stars when he suddenly stopped touching me at the last second. Mmm...
no, no Why the fuck did you stop?! I screamed inside, but the King gave me no time for anything.
Acold hand clutched the back of my neck, pinning me to the floor.
My nipples trembled.
Something hard and pulsing started to rub between my ass cheeks.
---- I could feel the burning tip sliding along my slit and my ass.
I snapped out of my cloud of arousal, suddenly afraid after nearly begging for it.
Wait...
wai Gggrrrr a muffled growl behind my back cut me off instantly.
His masculine body leaned over me.
Rough movements of his hand smacked against my ass, and with a husky, sexy growl, the Wolf King came all over my back.
His full balls throbbed, spilling the hot fluid that rolled down my fevered skin.
My nose was overwhelmed by a spicy, delicious scent; his dominant magic seeped into me, and it felt like I had touched something like it before.
But at the same time, it fogged up my mind and clouded my judgment.
My own pussy clenched, still desperate for more, my lust unsatisfied, while he kept cumming, his thick tip brushing against my trembling vulva.
I should've been resisting, or maybe...
I dont know...
glad he didnt go all the way? ---- But thats not how I felt.
And when he stood up just like that, with one last caress down my spine, I knew this bastard was going to leave me horny and with an unfinished orgasm.
Did he want me to beg? Well, tough shit. Fucking tease.
I wanted to sit up and look at him, break the rules, but when 1 looked back, there was no one left in the room.
I couldnt even sense his presence behind the curtain.
I pressed my lips together.
I felt used, frustrated, and I didnt even get anything in return.
But one thing became very clear to me The Wolf King was powerful and dangerous.
A werewolf capable of using magic wasnt something I had seen around here.
Could he be a rare breed, like the Selenians? With my magic drained, I was completely at a disadvantage against him right now.
A few knocks at the door jolted me out of my thoughts and made me jump.
###Chapter 1033
---- 61.
THE KING'S FAVORITE LAVINIA I stood up on trembling legs and walked toward the heavy cloak lying on the floor.
The milky fluid was dripping down my back like a trail he'd left behind.
Before I could touch the doorknob, the maid who had brought me opened it, scanning me from head to toe.
Come on, she said, and led me to another room where more women were waiting.
Alleyes landed on me, showing different expressions. Their wolf noses twitched, and some frowned.
I knew very well they could smell the mark of a male.
Isat down ona chair with my ass still wet and my pussy sensitive.
Just waiting to get out of this madness.
Another half hour passed, during which more females entered the room.
One of those men they called priests finally stormed in, face stern, but his pupils locked onto me for amoment.
---- Were they going to eliminate us? Maybe I was acting all sexy, and His Majesty didnt like the scent of my pussy.
all of you have been selected to move on to the next round, he said, bringing my soul back into my body.
The room was filled with relieved sighs.
Suddenly, one of the females raised her hand.
She looked like a powerful beta, a busty blonde Bxcuse me, when will we see His Majesty? she asked, and to my surprise, all the others nodded in concern.
Did they not go through the same inspection from the King? Just picturing him going down on all of them like he did to me stirred something nasty in my stomach.
when His Majesty decides. Here, rules are followed, and anyone who doesnt...
could end up very badly, he answered bluntly.
And just like that, the first round ended.
Out of all the ones who had shown up, maybe twenty women were left.
The priest and the maids began calling us one by one, I guess to send us back to our rooms.
But in the brief moment we were left alone, I found myself ---- surrounded by several of these she-wolves who looked more like hyenas.
###Chapter 1034
---- Hey, why do you smell like a male? asked the beta they called Vera, pushing my shoulder.
{ dont owe you any explanation, I slapped her hand off my arm.
But if Im still here, I think you already know whose scent I carry, right? Believe me, the priests can smell it too.
answered with the same attitude.
Maybe I didnt have an inner wolf and was just pretending to be a withdrawn Omega, but I wouldnt let them intimidate me.
See? I told you she went somewhere different from us, another one added.
His Majesty likes strong females, not a...
waste like you.
I cant even sense your animal, Vera spat venomously. Turn around.
I need to see it with my own eyes.
I bet you pulled some trick and rubbed some guards cum on yourself.
Let go of me! I tooka step back when she tried to force me to strip.
There were four of them surrounding me, and I was alone, cornered.
It was going to be hard without my power, but I wasnt going to let ---- them walk all over me.
None of the other women made a move to help; they either lowered their heads or acted like they didnt see.
They grabbed my shoulders, digging their claws into me, trying to intimidate me, pulling at my cloak...
but in the middle of the chaos what's going on here?! the priests roar and his fast footsteps made them let go of me.
Nothing, Your Excellency, we were just talking...
That's not true, I didnt hesitate to tear Veras lie apart.
They were forcing me to show proof that Id been with His Majesty.
They think I tricked the King, The mans face turned to her with a stern expression.
You think youre smarter than us?! he growled furiously.
Youre leaving immediately...
No, no, Your Excellency, Im sorry, Im sorry! she dropped to her knees at the males feet, grabbing onto his tunic.
{ was only trying to protect His Majesty, but I was confused, please give me another chance! she begged with not a shred of dignity.
---- Her lackeys now stared at the ground, silence taking over the room.
Pl let it go because of the pack you come from, but if you lay a finger on another contestant, you'll be the one to face the consequences. Let go of me! He kicked her off and stepped away.
Come with me, he said, turning his focus back to me.
Iwalked out behind him, but I could feel the malevolence crawling behind my back.
Maybe Id made things worse.
Id have to watch out for these bitches.
The promise of the Queens crown was enough to make them do anything.
1 was taken to my room, but the damn tournament continued through the night.
I'd use the first careless moment I could find to snoop around the castle.
However, once again, I got myself tangled up in something strange, dark, and way too...
arousing 
###Chapter 1035
---- 62.
A SPY IN THE CLOSET LAVINIA I walked out of my room feeling a little uncomfortable.
The dress I had on hugged my curves tightly, and underneath, I wore a garter set with lace wrapped around my thighs.
My most intimate parts barely covered by a piece that was way too daring, sliding between my lips with every step I took.
My clit was constantly being stimulated by the friction, and I could feel myself starting to get wet.
Who the hell told me to put on something this perverted? Memories of what happened that afternoon flooded my mind, and more juice dripped from my pussy.
I didnt even like it...
Damn it! I was left with a half-finished orgasm...
its just biology...
Wait here, the maid instructed, and I stood in the hallway with the other candidates. They glanced at me sideways, but no one would dare mess with me anymore, at least not openly; still, I was sure this wasnt over.
We were sent into the dining room, and I was surprised not to see the beta, but as I casually looked back, I saw her speaking with one ---- of the maids.
When she realized I had caught her, they quickly separated.
It looked like a normal interaction, but I needed to be careful.
Following directions, I was seated in one of the chairs close to the head of the table.
Ishivered as the lace pressed deeper into my pussy.
Ablack veil fell from above, creating a shield around the host.
Why so much mystery about the Wolf King? The murmurs died down as the lights dimmed to a warm ambiance, and footsteps echoed.
I tensed up, subtly watching the shadow of the man sitting behind the veil.
My pupils tried to catch any detail, but the food was served, and I couldnt openly spy.
However, as the wine glasses were set beside me, I reached out to.
grab one, and a mans hand extended from inside.
I froze as the chill of his fingers wrapped around mine on the golden cup.
Those fingers belonged to a young man, masculine, his skin pale with some scars across the back of his hand.
---- I wanted to see those scars more closely, my heart pounding, but the king took the glass and vanished behind the veil again.
If he had magic, why hadnt he healed them? Then I remembered someone else who hated getting rid of his scars ..
Laziel.
No way.
I was losing it.
What if Laziel was the King? Thats ridiculous. Hes not even a wolf, and besides, hed never do anything so intimate with me...
He was cold, hated being touched, especially by me, a woman ten years older than him...
Always out of reach, always acting superior.
So many times I wanted to talk to him about magic, but I admit I was scared hed reject me.
The little prince of frost.
So beautiful and so indifferent.
Miss, your dessert, the maids voice pulled me back.
Thanks...
Your Majesty, Id love to entertain you with my music, if thats alright, the blonde beta suddenly stood and spoke to the monarch with timid charm, There was movement behind the veil.
###Chapter 1036
---- You may, one of the priests standing in the corner gave permission.
She began playing some sappy melody about love and blah blah blah...
T excused myself to go to the bathroom and used the chance to snoop around while everyone was still in the dining hall.
Hurrying through the hallways, I unleashed my magic, searching for guards and any source of energy.
I slipped down one corridor, glancing behind me nervously, when something tugged on my fading power.
I'd found something! But as I reached the corner, I stopped dead in my tracks.
Peeking out, half-hidden, I saw some priests walking out of the very room I wanted to investigate.
They were talking about the King's personal matters, and I realized it wouldnt be easy to get in.
The magic I needed was inside the mysterious Wolf Kings chambers.
T kept watch for a while and nearly got caught by some maids It was impossible to get in at this hour, so Id wait until dawn. ---- eK Moving through the shadows, I kept going.
My magical energy was low, but I had to use it again and again to explore the path.
Treached the door and looked around: clear.
I touched the doorknob and was surprised to find it unlocked.
I stepped in, heart pounding in my ears, and closed it behind me.
My eyes adjusted to the darkness of the antechamber.
Beyond this point had to be the Kings bedroom, but I'd search here firstI didnt want to risk too much.
Unfortunately, as I rummaged through the bookshelf and the table, I found nothing.
Surrounded by darkness, I suddenly heard soundssuggestive onescoming from the next room.
Curious and uneasy, I crept closer, but through the crack I could only see another hallway.
Thesitated, but I dont know why...
I ended up going in.
The carpet muffled my steps, and a reddish light glowed at the end.
Awoman stood naked at the foot of the bed, her arms raised and tied to the ceiling.
---- I could only see her sweaty back, blonde hair flowing down to her ass, red with the marks of masculine hands.
Her legs spread wide, exposing a vivid pink pussy, dripping something milky down her thighs.
Holy goddess, what the hell was this? I didnt know whether to move forward or back away.
It was clear it was the beta, but there didnt seem to be anyone else in the room.
Did she need help? I finally stepped out from the hallways cover, but before I could open my mouth to call her, a noise echoed.
Panic shot through me.
Footsteps were approaching from where came in. No way to turn back! My eyes locked onto a large, sturdy wardrobe, and I ran toward it without thinking.
T only knew I was swallowed by darkness, and through the gap in the cracked doors, I saw a man walk toward the beta.
Your...
your Majesty...
mmm...
she moaned, calling out to him as she arched her ass higher.
Tcouldnt see his face, only his broad, bare backtanned and rough.
---- Baggy pants hung low on his hips, and his brown hair was messy.
Something felt off...
This didnt feel like the man I once knew.
###Chapter 1037
---- 63.
SEXUAL RAVINGS LAVINIA Didn't I tell you I like quiet women?" the man growled, spanking her so hard it had her screaming like a whore.
He stepped in front of her, his face lost in the mix of shadow and light.
I watched him touch her, grabbing her hair and pulling her close, whispering something in her ear that made her moan for more.
His tense hands made the chains on her suspended body rattle.
Thick fingers slipped between her legs, spreading her pussy open and plunging inside, making the cum inside her drip onto the carpet.
The betas moans filled the room again, and that whole filthy display made me feel strange, like some perverted voyeur.
Completely unaware of the danger creeping up behind me.
"Hhmmp""A startled gasp died in my throat as I was grabbed. A powerful male body pressed against my back.
Ahand sealed my mouth, and my arms were lifted above my head as if I too had been strung up to the ceiling.
---- Cold breath panted in my ear.
Those intense hands started roaming my body.
1 tried to speak, but nothing came out.
That strange magic wrapped around me, controlling me, demanding my submission I knew it was the King.
The real Wolf King was behind me, locked in this wardrobe with me, watching and absorbing the forbidden acts of those two people.
My neckline was yanked down harshly, exposing my breasts and my hardened nipples.
Twas turned oncompletely turned on by this bizarre, dark situation.
Mmmmmm...
I arched when he sucked on my neck and pressed his fingers into my areolas, pinching and rubbing, groping and gripping me.
My half-lidded eyes watched the woman ride that mans fingers, and soon it was my turn.
My dress was pushed up to my hips.
His hard cock rubbed between my nearly bare cheeks, my panties soaked and clinging to my pussy.
Aaaahh! I screamed inside as I rose onto the tips of my boots, his knee prying my legs apart and yanking the string, digging it deeper ---- between my lips.
Darkness surrounded me, heavy and oppressive, but all I wanted was for this man to make me tremble.
Iwas insane, but I couldnt help it.
The taste of his magic, his touch... why did something so dangerous turn me on so much? Aaaahh! I screamed again in my mind when a finger plunged into me, while another rubbed my clit in hard, fast circles, driving me wild, making me shake.
My hips rocked against his hand.
Outside, the moans were getting nastier.
The man had lifted the woman up, her thighs resting on his strong forearms as he lowered her onto his hard cock.
I watched her swallow the thick head and moan the title of His Majesty, thinking she was pleasing him...
while the real king was fingering my pussy so good I was about to come.
Aaaahhhh! My legs shook, my spine buzzed with delicious cramps, and my folds spasmed in pleasure.
Aahh, fuck, it felt amazing! My eyes rolled back from the bliss.
So many sensations at once had me burning with lust, and the sounds of lust didnt stop coming from the room.
###Chapter 1038
---- Before I could even recover, that dominant magic forced me to ---- drop to my knees.
My hands clutched onto firm thighs.
I looked up but couldnt see his facestill, 1 knew he was looking at me.
My imagination got the best of me, swearing I saw golden sparks glowing in the dark.
He grabbed my chin possessively, and something hard brushed against my lips.
The musky, spicy, masculine scent filled my nose He circled my mouth with it, smearing his precum on my lips.
before pushing the tip of his hot cock into me.
I could've said no.
I couldve bitten him, done something crazy. But damn it, I let him in, and my hand wrapped around that burning shaft while I sucked him deep and tasted him on my tongue.
He tasted so goodso intense and full of power...
My head began to bob back and forth, swallowing him deeper and deeper, lewd sounds and spit trailing down my chin.
Rough groans echoed above me, his hips pumping, fucking my mouth with growing hunger while I sucked on that massive cock that barely fit.
Our breathing sped up, and things spun out of control when I felt ---- something thick and cold shove into my pussy.
It was his magichard and solidmimicking the cock pounding my throat.
It felt so real...
mmmm, so good...
I spread my legs wider, still on my knees, dress bunched at my waist, rocking up and down, back and forth.
My hair was gripped tight in his fist, and he was fucking me from all directions.
In the middle of that filthy, sex-drenched scene, I had the audacity to look upand I plummeted into madness.
It was Laziels face, twisted in dark lust and need, a look I never imagined seeing on him.
Iwas under a spellI had to bebut I didnt stop him.
Staring into his half-closed, beast-like eyes, I sucked his burning cock and fondled his balls until I watched him fall into pure, raw pleasure.
He growled through his teeth and shoved his cock deep down my throat, cumming hard.
The pulses of his orgasm fused with mine.
My pussy clenched again in a devastating release.
I closed my eyes and swallowed his essence, which was pure magic.
---- When two mages had sex, they exchanged power. The more compatible they were, the more intense it becameand his essence was intoxicating.
Powerful, dominant...
even deadly.
But I loved it the second it entered my system.
I craved more, so much more, but I got greedy.
I went beyond what my body, starving for magic, could handle.
A piercing throb shot through my head; my heart felt like it was going to stop, like a cold claw was squeezing it Looked up into the shadows and saw those beautiful golden eyes turn into two deep abysses.
I collapsed backward, and before I hit the floor, strong arms caught me gently Laziel...
I whispered, right before passing outcaught between an orgasm and a ripping pain.
###Chapter 1039
---- 64.
THE MONSTER'S CLAWS LAZIEL Theld Lavinias soft body in my arms, trying to keep my magic in check so I wouldnt hurt her.
I told myself I was going to take it slow, seduce her, slide under her skin, show her that side of me no one gets to see...
but I couldnt hold back.
Hearing her moans, breathing in the sweet scent of her pussy, her softness, the cream on my fingers, the sweat under my mouth...
Lavinia on her knees in front of me, driving me wild with her submission, her shameless desire, and that shy magic Im dying to devour.
She smells like sunshine and light, and my own dark energy surged, soaked in lust... I can barely control myself, and that scares me the most.
While I held her against my chest and left the room I used as bait to lure her in, we disappeared into the black mist.
I still cant return to my spectral world, and most of my specters are trapped there.
This place feels drained of magic...
but not entirely.
There's powerful arcane energy from the ice element forming a ---- containment barrier, keeping something locked inside...
What is it? No clue, but Im figuring it out.
Iwalk across the carpet, materializing with the beautiful sorceress in my arms.
I lay Lavinia on the bed and start peeling off the tight dress I had sent for her.
Moonlight pours in through the balcony, revealing her to my hungry eyes as I caress her blushing skin while undressing her.
Her small breasts come into view and I lean in to slowly lick the stiff peaks of her nipples.
Mmm...
Laziel...
liar... pervert...
I smirk wickedly hearing her say my name, then open my mouth and suck her deliciously, deep, wrapped in her moans.
My cock gets hard again, even after coming so much in that sinful mouth.
Lavinia, Lavinia...
you have no idea what you're doing to me, what that dark monster roaring inside me wants to do to you.
Tkiss her belly and hips softly while pushing the last layers of fabric down.
###Chapter 1040
---- Her skin shivers under my lips, and when I reach her mound, I lick up to her clit, slippery and still soaked from her orgasm.
shhh, she arches and runs her fingers through my hair.
---- My tongue moves on its own, diving into her folds, sucking her petals, drinking her intoxicating juices.
Tove how she tastes, her magics always drawn me in, but I never imagined Lavinia would become my favorite dessert.
1 feel the darkness seep out of my pores again, rushing toward her, forming into perverted and possessive hands.
No, I mutter to myself, pulling back the shadows. sit up, panting, struggling to stop, my eyes glowing gold like a beast hunting, staring at Lavinia, helpless.
She has no idea how much danger shes in...
Some memories I wish I could forget come flooding back.
Those dead women lying in my bed, stained in crimson, madness, and black mist, with ghostly laughter echoing through the room.
Doesnt matter how my father tried to cover it up, I know Im not good.
I never was...
maybe I never will be.
But she makes me feel different.
There's a loneliness in Lavinias soul that speaks to mine.
I dont want to hurt her, like today, when she could barely resist meat all.
Still, I want to try with her in a way Ive never wanted with anyone ---- else...
Pll give you the chance to choose, little Lavinia. But if you say yes to entering my world, therell be no turning back...
I whisper, leaning over her gorgeous body and kissing her parted lips.
?No families, no control, no nosy sisters to protect you this time, dear Lavinia...
theres nothing left but to fall into the monsters claws.? ee LAVINIA Im probably wearing out a path in the carpet with all this pacing, My brown haits a mess, a sheet twisted around my naked body, and my heads a total mess too.
T pass in front of the mirror and glance again, pulling the sheet open and checking my breasts, my skin, my pussy, looking for signs that I got properly fucked by that perverted King.
Nooo! Not the KingLaziel! 1 couldnt have imagined all of it! 
###Chapter 1041
---- 65.
THE KING'S GIFT LAVINIA Iroared again, memories tangled in my head, a dark cloud covering the face of that man who shoved his cock into my mouth, but I know what I saw afterward! 7m not crazy! But Laziel?...
I dont picture him as that fiery, passionate male who ate me out the first time and then almost fucked me inside that closet.
Laziel is cold...
he...
hed never look at me that way...
like a woman... hes stiffer than a damn stick...
I stare at the mirror, trying to convince myself.
Still, that powerful magic is coursing through my veins, fueling my own drained energy.
It took everything in me to keep it under control.
My chest still hurtsI swear my heart almost exploded for a second.
Its fierce, hungry, oppressive...
and it fights my own magic for control.
Every sorcerer has a mark, their own essence, and even though Laziel and I barely trained together, I remember how intense his power was.
---- Ijust keep staring at my reflection like an idiot.
All the marks on my body are gone, healed...
but the feeling of his fingers on my most intimate parts, his mouth kissing my neck, still sends chills down my spineand not from fear.
Iblacked out in the closet, but I woke up in my bed, clean and fresh...
but naked.
Who the hell brought me back?! Did someone mess with my memories and pretend to be Laziel? Suddenly, theres a knock at the door, and I jump. My nerves are fried.
Come in, I say to the maid, who walks in to tell me were heading to breakfast and then another trial by His Majesty.
Thave to find out who that man was, no matter what.
I cant deny it anymore...
Im attracted to him in a way thats way too intense and weird.
What if it really was Laziel and I didnt imagine it? seb I walk toward the dining room, frowning, thinking about how Im going to expose him.
###Chapter 1042
---- As I said, His Majesty doesnt like prudish little girls.
He wants real females, that Betas voice suddenly echoed in front of me.
A few women were chatting at the dining room entrancethey looked like they were waiting for me.
Their faces were full of not-so-subtle mockery.
What? Had a fun night dreaming about becoming the next queen? That idiot with shit for brains smirked smugly.
No, I spent the night watching others make fools of themselves...
and it seems the circus aint over yet.
What are you implying? she stepped toward me, threatening. Watch your mouth.
Youre not the favorite anymore, and once they throw you out, just know my people are waiting outside to tear you apart...
She leaned in close to my ear, whispering poison.
You're going to pay for humiliating me the other day.
Im the Kings female.
He fucked me last night, and maybe Im even carrying his pup...
Congrats to the happy couple.
If youre done, Im gonna eat now.
I walked right past her, leaving her grinding her teeth in pure hate.
That pup of hers probably belongs to some stable boy or one of the ---- guards.
Whoever it is, the real King was with me.
pene After breakfast, they told us to put on training clothes.
1 followed the others to a big arena behind the castle.
This was where the next trial would take place, and from the looks of it, it was a fight between us.
We stood side by side, watching members of the royal pack take their seats in the stands, but my eyes were locked on the highest, seat.
Behind a dark veil, he hid again but I swear he was looking at me. That energy, the one still flowing through me, surged again in my veins.
his is for you, one of the priests suddenly stopped in front of me, holding out a small bottle with a dark liquid inside.
For me? I took it, confused.
But...
Drink it, he insisted loudly.
t's a gift from His Majesty for pleasing him all night.
He just said it, loud and clear, making me blushand the womens ---- faces were pure shock, except for one who was about to blow things up.
Priest! That must be a mistake! That gift is mine! 
###Chapter 1043
---- 66.
THE RULER OF THE PIGSTY NARRATOR The priest in charge looked at the annoying woman who wouldnt stop yelling and trying to get His Majestys attention.
"Why would I be wrong?" he turned to face her with defiance.
"Tf the King himself sent the gift for Miss Rosemarie, why should I give it to you?" Vera clenched her teeth at the priests challenge.
She wasnt that afraid of the old man anymorehe clearly hated her.
She knew the King wanted her.
Apparently, the priest had some kind of thing for Rosemarie... maybe he was even the one sleeping with that slippery bitch.
She was sure of itshe already knew the royal scent of His Majesty, and that skank had the exact same smell on her since day one.
Obviously, she'd never been with the King.
"Pll show you why you should give it to me." With the confidence of someone who had made the monarch cum multiple times inside her pussy, she walked with her head held high to the foot of the platform.
---- "Your beautiful Majesty, I demand justice for your loyal servant, whos being slandered!" she shouted, her voice echoing everywhere.
The guests watched her with curiosity, even some from her own pack who had come to support her.
The priest is clearly favoring that woman whos pretending to be your lover!" "HOW DARE YOU?!" Visconzuelo roared with rage in his eyes.
Vera shivered for a secondafter His Majesty, the priests had a lot of influence.
But then she remembered that night of passion, and all caution flew out the window, "Dm just telling the truth!" The atmosphere froze.
The crowd whispered among themselves, nobody understood what was going on.
In the middle of the chaos, a gust of wind blew through the high veil.
The King had given his verdict into Visconzuelos mind.
"His Majesty says this potion was prepared to be taken by the one who carries his essence inside.
Anyone else will only reveal their lies!" he growled, dying to tear that woman apart.
"Drink it, and lets see who you really fucked like a bitch!" ---- He shouted without filter, and the beta snatched the bottle from him, glaring at him with pure hatred. She was going to expose him! Him and that whore who was probably his side piece! Overflowing with confidence, she uncorked it and drank the bitter, dark mist.
Lavinia gave her a deadly glareshe actually started to feel sorry for that dumbass.
she was digging her own grave.
The moment the Kings magic hit her insides, Vera collapsed on all fours, sweating and growling, shaking with a pain that ripped her sanity apart.
Her eyes turned completely black for a moment, then went back to normal.
But her mind was already messed up, and her senses were desperately searching for the man who had mounted her all night.
She shot up, sniffing the air and frantically scanning the servants under the arena stage.
His Majesty was among them! "alpha King!!" 
###Chapter 1044
---- suddenly, Enricothe stable boy who cleaned up animal shitsaw that horny she-wolf charging at him from the arena.
He panicked so hard from all the people watching, that instead of catching her in his arms, he jumped back.
Vera fell flat on the ground, almost smashing her face in the hay.
"Your Majesty! Why are you rejecting me like this?" she quickly got up, holding onto his legs, completely unaware of the rotten stench coming off His Majesty.
"Tell everyone what we did! I gave myself to you so many times!" "Uhh, miss, please...
how can you say that in front of all these people?" Enricos face turned crimson as the laughter in the stands got louder, mixed with whistles and mockery. "He's the King of shit!" "His Royal Crappiness!" "No wonder that she-wolf smelled like a pigsty!" The arena exploded with laughter and humiliating remarks.
"The King" Enrico was dragged, along with his "lover," to the stage where the other contestants glared at the crazy beta with disgust.
---- She kept screaming all the vulgar things she had done with the stable boy, who was clearly not the King.
"Explain yourself! Its blasphemy to impersonate His Majesty!" the priest roared, and the poor guy kicked Vera to the side, not wanting to get caught up in her madness.
"Your Honor, I was just following instructions from a maid!" Enrico explained what had happened.
"She said one of the guests needed someone to spend her heat with.
I just...
played along when she called me 'Your Majesty." I never thought she actually believed it!" "What maid?! Point her out!" The priest shouted as the stands practically smoked from the dramathis had everything! Lavinia watched the figure behind the veil.
It all seemed so twisted...
it had to be the work of that wicked King.
"Her! It was her!" the poor stable boy pointed at a girl who just " happened" to be among the servants.
"Get up here!" They brought her up to testify like it was a damn trial.
By now, two warriors were holding the beta back so she wouldnt jump on Enrico again.
---- She looked like a deranged fangirl. "Your Honor, Miss Vera told me to give an aphrodisiac to any man willing to mount her that night.
She said...
she couldnt take it anymore..." The woman added timidly.
"T found Enrico, paid him with the money Miss Vera gave me, and brought him to the private room where she was waiting.
I only followed her orders!" "Liar!" the beta suddenly came back to life.
"That aphrodisiac was meant for Rosemarie, I remember clearly! And the money was to pay some guy to fuck her and humiliate her! Still dazed by the spell, Vera spilled all the beansburying herself even deeper.
###Chapter 1045
---- 67.
WOLF BATTLE NARRATOR Then Lavinia remembered the moment when the King's hand took the cup that had been served by that same maid during dinner.
Did he save her from the betas trap back then? Was that why he punished the woman who tried to harm her? It was obvious there was a manipulative hand behind all the confusion.
suddenly, a distorted growl echoed from behind the Kings veil, shutting everyone up.
Laughter, mocking, and shouting all stopped at once.
One of the priests rushed to the edge of the curtain, stretching out his hands through a small opening to receive a royal edict.
He turned around right there on the platform to read it. "By decree of the Alpha King, due to her indecent and deceitful behavior, the female Vera Lous is handed over to the priest in charge, Visconzuelo! The maid is expelled from the pack, and the stable boy will receive a reward from Vera Lous pack for damages and compensation!" Enrico couldn't believe it! ---- He had just told the truth, and now they were even going to pay him more money for spending the night fucking that beautiful, crazy woman.
The maid, on her part, turned pale, but better to lose a home than her head.
She still clearly remembered the moment she actually gave the aphrodisiac cup to Rosemarie, but after that, her mind went blurry, like she'd just become a puppet following someone elses commands.
Even remembering what she said today felt way too unreal! "NO, NO!" Vera screamed like a lunatic, suddenly released from the spell and realizing the massive screw-up she had caused.
"Thank you, Your Majesty, for this gift," said the priest she had just challenged, bowing toward the throne before turning to her with eyes full of malice.
Vera trembled from head to toe and looked over at her people in the stands.
"Save me, please! Tell my father to save me!" But the members of her pack had seen everything.
They knew there was no saving Vera.
She wasnt even the heir to her pack.
Her father wouldnt go ---- against the King for her.
The beta screamed, struggling to break free, but the guards dragged her off the arena to end the show.
As she set foot off the platform, the priests calloused, wrinkled hands grabbed her cheeks like a grapefruit.
"Lets see how defiant you are now." Veras tears fell nonstop as.
she realized the disaster she had brought upon herself. "You're going to show me everything you did with His Majesty last night...
every single thing..." he whispered in her ear like a fucking pervert, then stepped back with a lewd grin.
"Take her to my chambers and chain her up!" The guards dragged her away as she cried and begged.
Veras head turned toward the stage for a moment, and her blurred eyes met Rosemaries.
It wasnt supposed to go down like this.
That woman was the one who should've been humiliated now.
She realized, full of regret, that in the end, that female really was His Majestys favorite.
###Chapter 1046
---- After all the chaos and drama, Lavinia was handed another dose ---- from the little bottle of discord, and she couldnt help but wonder what the King was planning now.
She opened it with a bit of caution, eyes always on the distance Something told her those intense eyes never stopped watching her.
She uncorked the lid and brought the cold glass to her lips.
Instantly, that dominant, possessive energy slid down her throat, reminding her of the taste of the essence she had savored the night before.
It stirred her own magic, took control, imposed itself, and transformed something deep inside.
ahsshh," Lavinia clutched her chest with discomfort as the power coursed through her veins, slowly digesting it It wasnt as much as last night and seemed more diluted.
She stepped off the arena, breathing heavily, sweating a bit, waiting for her turn.
What kind of spell was this? Lavinia would find out soon enough. weKE LAVINIA ---- The she-wolves fought in the arena, ripping into each other, fierce and fearless, showing off their strength for His Majesty.
The air was thick with blood and feral growls.
Thats when I started to realize I had a huge problem.
Icouldnt shift into an animal form.
And I couldnt use magic openly either, since I was supposed to be Rosemarie, a regular she-wolf.
Before I could even think of a plan, I was already being led to the stageby now, my whole body hurt like it was falling apart.
I couldnt control the Kings magic that was taking over my muscles, bones, joints...
I dropped onto all fours on the hard ground, my vision blurred, and I felt something changing.
I heard the sound of fabric tearing and realized it was coming from my own body.
"What the hell?!" My vision shiftedsharper, clearer.
I saw my hands turning into claws, my skin burned, and a thick jet- black fur began to cover my body...
wolf fur.
Yep, I had been transformed by magic into a beautiful black wolf something I never imagined I could do.
---- This was the Kings magic.
I stumbled forward, lifting my snout and using my new, enhanced sight.
But nothing could have prepared me for what came next.
The veil moved violently, as if an invisible hand had whipped it aside. Dark clouds swirled above the arena, and from the royal box leapt a huge shadow of a wolf, bathed in mist and darkness.
Its paws stirred up dust as it landed in front of me, openly challenging me.
Circling slowly, getting closer and closer to this new form I had no idea how to handle.
But the most overwhelming thing were his eyesthey made my heart pound like a thousand drums inside my chest.
Intense golden eyes, just like the sun, and I'd only ever seen such beautiful orbs on one person.
The first time, I was unsure...
but now, on this second test, Id have to be a total idiot to miss it.
Before I could react, the Kings wolf pounced on me.
###Chapter 1047
---- 68.
MY "BIG BAD" WOLF LAVINIA, I was confused, furious, and shocked.
Thinking about everything we had done, what the hell had that damn peach taught Laziel since day one?! Damnit! I lunged at him, baring my fangs.
I had never fought like a she- wolf before, but I had seen them face off many times.
My paws got tangled, and I landed face-first, but I was pushed back up by a soft, fluffy head. My eyes looked straight into his, defiant, while his glowed like he was mocking me.
Ibared my teeth and tried to nip his ear, but Laziel moved with such grace and agility.
Even as a wolf, he was better at everything! I chased him through the arena and just when I was about to bite his tail, he spun around and leapt on top of me.
My whole world spun as I rolled on the ground.
Around us, a dark layer of mist kept the spectators from seeing anything.
---- The weight of his stronger body pinned me down, trapping me beneath him.
I raised my snout and showed my canines.
How the hell did this little bastard dare fool me all this time? Holy goddess, just thinking about everything we did...
how I sucked his cock! LAZIEL! I roared into his mind, but he didnt respond.
I moved to bite his neck, but he lunged at my muzzle with a threatening aura.
At that distance, he couldve ripped a chunk off me, so I backed off quickly, trying to escape, to fight, but he was lying on my belly, and I couldnt move.
I shut my eyes and turned my head to protect my throat, but then... Something soft and wet landed on my sensitive nose and kept brushing across my snout.
The huge wolf head nuzzled into my neck in this animal form and started sniffing and licking me gently.
I froze, stunned by the switch from harsh to soft, to caresses that almost felt...
affectionate.
My heart skipped a beat, paralyzed, my mind trying to process ---- what was happening.
Ad-free membership subscription 
###Chapter 1048
---- Remembering what Laziel did to mehis moans, that look of pure pleasure, his hands and lips on my skin.
I didnt imagine it.
That was real, and this cold, distant man had shown me a side of him I never thought existed.
Why, Laziel? Why are you acting like this now? As if my thoughts echoed in his head, he lifted that beautiful head again, and those intense eyes devoured me with raw passion.
Yeah, dark and intense passion...
turned out this unreachable male could act like a real, flesh-and-blood man too.
His wet nose pressed to mine, caressing me. I let myself enjoy the strange sensations in this body.
just stared at him, hypnotized, the rage and shock fading into more complex feelings.
He licked my fangs and rubbed against me again, like an Alpha male claiming his mate.
My timid muzzle dipped to sniff the collar around his neck.
My brain was short-circuiting.
I was the older one and here I was acting like a teenager.
---- In the end, Laziel stood up and gave me one last look.
The fog around us kept swirling like a wall shielding us from curious eyes.
His eyes glinted gold and the misty wolf ran off into the darkness.
Laziel! I called again in his mind, but he still didnt answer.
He vanished into the magical barrier, and it was like the world reset again.
The veil beyond shifted and the silhouette of a man sat once more on the throne.
Murmurs echoed through the crowd, until a priests voice rang out: His majesty has declared himself the loser! Gasps of shock filled the air after the announcement.
Miss Rosemarie is the winner of the tournament and therefore the special guest of the Wolf King at tonights masquerade ball. My ears heard it, and my brown eyes couldnt stop staring at the throne.
She is also granted a special request to his majesty during the ball, the priest added.
Let us all enjoy the Royal Festival! ---- The howls and cheers came from the pack, who would now have their events outside the castle walls.
The shadow behind the veil disappeared and I finally left the arena with more questions than answers.
I stayed in wolf form until I reached the womens changing rooms and was able to get dressed.
It was strange and exciting to feel what its like to be a male werewolf.
As I got dressed in silence, I heard low, venomous voices on the other side of the wall.
Ad-free membership subscription 
###Chapter 1049
---- 69.
THE KINGS CONCUBINE LAVINIA ?.theres no hope, its obvious who's dazzled the King...
? damn it, what did he see in that plain-looking woman.
?from day one the King has only had intimate relations with Rosemarie.
Ive talked to the others, none were summoned to His Majesty's chambers... So Laziel hasnt slept with any of these other she-wolves.
Why is he usurping the Wolf Kings place? With magic that powerful, it wouldnt surprise me if he killed the real monarch to take control of this continents power.
As I walked to my room, I thought about how to speak with him alone and ask for answers...
TO EVERYTHING.
But when I reached my bedroom, I found a beautiful dark dress laid out on the bed.
It was much rougher and more outdated than the delicate dresses from our realm, but for this place, it was the best anyone could get.
Between the fabric, there was a note I picked up and opened.
Strong, elegant handwriting.
I was sure it had been written by him.
---- ?In this different world, with these new identities, I only wish to beaman, nothing more No titles, no intermediaries, no power struggle; just a male and a female meeting for the first time.? Iread his words, understanding the meaning, my chest pounding in my ears, my heart racing.
?You always judged me by what I showed on the surface, by what I show everyone else.
If tonight you choose to be Rosemarie, share the danceand something morewith me, youll see the other side of the darkness. If you choose to go back to Lavinia, then we'll go back to the masks we've always worn with each other.? When I finished reading, the ink vanished from the parchment.
My breathing was shaky, and I sat on the bed, still trying to process Laziels proposal.
Because thats what it wasa proposal to give him a chance, intimately, as the King and concubine we were pretending to be, Why, Laziel? Since when were you interested in me? Why did I never notice? I whispered.
It was true that we didnt see each other often.
He spent most of his time in his dark realm, and I stayed with the elementals.
Ad-free membership subscription 
###Chapter 1050
---- But when we gathered as a family in adulthood, I never sawa sign from him, although...
now that I think about it, Laziel always showed up wherever I was alone.
1 admit his strange magic used to intimidate me, but now that Ive tasted it with an open mind, without prejudice, I can admit...
T crave more of it...
so much more.. Whats worsewhy am I even considering accepting his offer? I looked toward the bed, at the dress hed left for me, and inside the fabric, I found that bold strap system again, as lingerie.
Just picturing myself wearing it for him...
now that the King had a beautiful, cold face...
how would I feel watching him on his knees, licking my pussy like he did that first day? Something inside me trembled...
and it wasnt from rejection or fear.
seco That night I walked through the hallway with the black dress hugging every curve of my body, the strap nestled in my sex, brushing my clit and sending chills of pleasure up my spine.
I put on the mask in front of the massive doors and ran my tongue slowly across my lips, remembering the taste of that dark and delicious magic.
---- I pushed the wood, hearing the soft sounds of the rustic musicians, and as I stepped in, the entire ballroom fell silent.
My eyes locked across the room with the male sitting on the throne of steel and wood.
No veil this time, revealing his jet-black hair, those radiant eyes behind a mask carved from ebony. We stared from a distance, sizing each other up, daring.
He wanted an answer, and Im not the cowardly type.
I grabbed the folds of my dress and started descending the stairs, watching him rise from his throne and walk toward the center of the ballroom.
Tonight, I would be Rosemarie, the Wolf Kings concubine.
Tonight, I would dare to look beneath the monsters mask and discover who he really was.
Ad-free membership subscription 
###Chapter 1051
---- 70.
DARE TO DIVE INTO MY MADNESS LAVINIA, As we got closer, my hands kept sweating more and more.
My eyes dropped to those sexy lips peeking out from under the mask.
His pale skin, that mix of ethereal beauty and dangerous beast.
"Y-Your Majesty," I greeted once we stood face to face, bowing my head and trying to control the pounding in my chest "Miss Rosemarie," I shivered at the sound of his deep, magnetic voice.
If Thad any lingering doubts that it was Laziel, they were gone now.
I looked up at those golden eyes staring at me, full of dark promises.
His cold hand grabbed mine.
The other wrapped around my waist possessively, pulling me against his taller body.
My breasts pressed against his hard chest. He lowered his head until we were just inches apart.
"Dont get nervous, Lavinia, Im not gonna bite you...
yet," he whispered low against my lips, with a mischievous smirk playing at the corner of his mouth.
---- I swallowed hard, my head about to explode.
Who the hell was this seductive man?! What happened to the brat Laziel?! The music grew louder and he started guiding me into a slow, graceful waltz, dancing around the dimly lit hall.
Only him and me existed, only our eyes locked together, my magic reacting with his, intense and sharp.
Twas liking it way too much...
this feeling of surrendering to his desires, his possessiveness, letting him seep into my veins, drowning me in his darkness.
His breath blended with mine; that scent of night and stars, of playing with the forbidden, had me aroused and curious.
Our steps moved in perfect harmony, his hand caressing my waist.
He leaned in, just millimeters from my lips, and I could feel his strong heartbeat, his burning aura.
"Lavinia, I want to kiss you so bad...
he whispered, almost crossing the line.
It was my last chance to say no.
"Then do it..." I panted, lust burning through my veins Iwas bold, and he gave mea sexy, crooked smile.
This Laziel was driving me insane.
---- His tongue erotically licked my upper lip, drawing a moan out of me.
His thumb caressed the lower one, and I gave in to his passionate kiss.
His cold lips moved against mine, his tongue entered, dominant and fiery, delicious like everything he was making me feel.
His hands roamed over the dress, my neck and nape; we never stopped dancing while we kissed. Mmmnn," I moaned breathlessly, my lashes fluttering as I stared into his half-lidded eyes devouring me like a beast about to.
awaken.
So beautiful and dangerous.
He kept guiding me in that strange waltz and when I looked around, we werent in that ancient castle anymore.
The lights were brighter, the music sharper, the faces and hall familiar.
Itwas all in my memory.
Our families, united, dancing with us among them, like a royal couple on display.
I saw my parents and his, our sisters.
"Laziel," I whispered, staring at his face, overwhelmed with emotions.
This illusion felt too real; he was so powerful.
Ad-free membership subscription 
###Chapter 1052
---- "Lavinia, this is the light that represents our families, the place youve always lived in.
But Im different..." he said suddenly, a seriousness in his voice that made me tense.
"Pm the shadow thats always watched you from the darkness, the one that craves to devour you," he whispered against my mouth, his voice strange and distorted.
I swallowed, heart ready to burst out of my chest, but I wasnt scared...
not yet.
"We can stop.
Ill stop the second you ask me to.
But if you say yes, I promise I'll take you to the wildest madness... He smiled in that way that hypnotized me.
Goddess, Id never seen him smile, and that look would be my downfall.
He stepped back a few paces, and I suddenly felt so alone.
Everything around us started to shift.
The warm lights turned into shadows stretching into every comer, black stains infecting the dance.
The familiar faces sank into the darkness surrounding us, the whispers, the strange voices...
ah!" I let out a choked cry, stepping back as the floor began to vanish, like some infection spreading over the tiles.
Below our feet was a bottomless abyss, suffocating, and only T ---- remained on a patch of solid ground.
"Laziel..." called out in fear.
He stood a few feet away, his feet floating over nothing, chaos stretching out around us.
"Come, Lavinia, trust me.
Let me show you my world," he said, reaching out.
I stared wide-eyed at his fingers.
1 felt myself sinking into a dark hole, strange things moving above our heads.
Was I ready to cross that veil? What was waiting on the other side? My instincts screamed danger, that I still had time to turn back.
But my soul pushed me forward.
Treached out my hand and stepped to the edge "Come closer..." "No, come.
Come, Lavinia..." And I did. My foot stepped into the void, without even daring to look down.
I felt fear and excitement...
another step...
and another...
I started to smile, shocked that I was walking on nothing.
Laziel was showing me a kind of magic so powerful and pure I had never known.
---- But just as I was about to touch his fingers...
"LAZIEL! AAAHHH!" I stepped wrong and felt myself falling into the abyss.
Ad-free membership subscription 
###Chapter 1053
---- 71.
FALLING INTO FASCINATION LAVINIA My eyes wide in shock, hands still reaching out, my hair blowing wildly with the wind rushing past, whistling in my ears.
He stared down at me from above, fading from my blurry sight.
Laziel, damn it! Stop playing around and get your ass down here right now! Fear of falling turned into rage, panic tangled with fury.
A playful laugh echoed through the emptiness Strong arms caught me, and I felt the beating of wings.
He held me tight against his firm, pulsing chest, clearly in a good mood, while I kept cursing him.
/m older than you! Stop... His lips crashed into mine.
That deep kiss, his tongue twining with mine, his rough moans, his burning hands tearing the fabric from my dress until I was completely naked.
1 fell into the deepest darkness, and the first Nocturne carried me into his world full of sin and lust.
We stood at the top of a black steel tower, oppressive, with ---- columns sharp as claws leaning toward us.
Storm clouds swirled around and lightning flashed in the distance, Only a massive bed with black sheets filled the space without walls.
But I wasnt looking at the dreamscape Laziel had created for us...
Iwas devouring the naked body of the man standing before me.
Every scar, every powerful muscle, that thick, veiny, rock-hard cock, pulsing with desire...
fuck...
Iwas dying to feel it pounding deep inside my pussy.
Well, looks like the boy grew up just fine, I said with teasing sarcasm, trying to reclaim some dignity.
and the whiny girl who couldnt open portals sure grew up too...
he smirked as his eyes shamelessly raked over my body wrapped in thin ribbons barely covering anything.
I scoffed. Since when did he learn to clap back like that? [ had the right to ask the 'King' for a favor, and since you're feeling so funny, Im making my request now.
I lifted my chin proudly.
Pm all ears, he growled, stepping closer.
Kneel, I ordered, pointing at the floor.
I want that tongue of yours buried in my pussy.
Now.
Ad-free membership subscription 
###Chapter 1054
---- I said it like a tyrant, my own words making me shiver with anticipation.
Or dont you even know how to do it? I raised a brow.
Have you ever actually been with a woman? I tried to be funny, but damn, I paid the price for that one.
Maybe the oh-so-experienced Lavinia will have to teach me, he whispered in my ear, gripping my hips tight and pressing me to his erection.
1 bet I can do it better than those idiots you used to fuck.
gaasshhh...
moaned shakily when his mouth closed over my nipple, sucking it between his lips and tugging like he was feeding off my milk.
His fingers slid down to my slit, slipping between my folds, soaking up all the wetness pooling in my drenched ribbon. Still staring at me like a beast, Laziel lowered himself, kissing, licking, biting his way down until he was kneeling in front of me.
My brain barely registered what he'd said about those men...
or the fact that every one of my past lovers had mysteriously disappeared.
lused to think it was my father or mothers doin; so sure.
_ now, Im not Mmmm...
ahh! ---- Staring up at the storm clouds above, I clung to his broad shoulders while he devoured me.
Laziel shoved the ribbon deep inside my pussy and moved it in and out, the friction against my clit making me grind my hips, dripping with need.
More, aahh, more...
I fisted his hair and squeezed my tits.
He tore the ribbon, spread my pussy lips with his fingers, and dove in, licking and fucking me with his tongue.
My clit was sucked and nibbled, his hot breath ragged, fingers sliding into my pussy, pumping me, pleasuring me until I hit the peak.
ah, ah, ah! Laziel...
Im coming...
shhh right there...
aah fuck...
Pm gonna cum, baby... I screamed without shame, riding his hand, thrusting into his gorgeous face buried between my thighs, standing on tiptoe.
His mouth sucked my clit, two long fingers fucked my pussy from below, and when he slipped another finger into my ass, my whole world exploded in a powerful orgasm that made my eyes roll back.
My legs shook, nearly collapsing, moaning into the dark sky, feeling his magic tangled with mine, invading every cell of my body.
---- He held me with strong hands, and before I could even recover, I was thrown onto the bed in mating position.
Hold onto the chains, a dark whisper commanded in my ear.
and if I dont want to...? smack! Smack! ahhh! I moaned like a whore, arching my back as my ass was slapped and groped.
If you want me to fuck you, grab those damn chains.
Now, Lavinia! And fuck if I wasnt going to grab them.
Ad-free membership subscription 
###Chapter 1055
---- 72.
YOU ARE MY ADDICTION LAVINIA I grabbed the iron links hanging from somewhere above, my fists slippery with sweat, ass raised, pussy throbbing with excitement.
I panted as I felt the tip of his cock slide up and down.
I spread my legs widerGoddess, I wanted him more than Id ever wanted anyone.
ahhh, so thick...
shhh...
ahh...
fuck, baby, that feels so good! My moan got lost in the storm raging around us as that huge, hot cock entered me, stretching me to a limit that had me sweating.
My pussy clenched and soaked, swallowing him hungrily, begging for more abuse.
Laziel...
He yanked my hair into a fist, claws digging into my hips, his growls against my neck and that burning cock slamming into my depths over and over again... T moaned and begged for more, my body thrusting back and forth, the chains swaying above my head, my cunt loving the fiery fuck.
Laziel mounted me like a beast in heat...
Goddess, I saw stars every ---- time he hit that delicious spot inside me.
Lewd sounds flooded this world of lust, my filthy cries and his savage growls.
Frothy juices dripped down my thighs, sweat gleamed on our skin.
Cum for me, Lavi, youre my woman...
MINE...
Take me to the fucking edge, baby...
Laziels fast thrusts and his husky words sent me crashing over the edge.
His hands squeezed my breasts while his finger rubbed my clit faster and more frantically.
My senses blurred and that dark magic wrapped around me like it was caressing my soul.
Saahhh! With a scream that shook the clouds, I came again in a mind- shattering orgasm.
Laziel fucked me hard and even harder, but I loved his possessiveness, how he pinned me to the mattress and pounded me until he reached his release Lavinia...! His roar echoed with the thunder, filling me with thick, hot streams of cum that made me shudder from head to toe.
---- His heavy balls throbbed against my ass, and that delicious cock trembled in spasms deep inside me.
shhh, so hot, baby...
mmmm...
give it all to me, fuck yes...
He bit my nape like a wolf, dark claws marked my body, and darkness veiled my eyes.
only feeling, only living, and I wasnt afraid anymore.
This man made me tremble like never before, his intensity thrilled me, the danger of being consumed...
and once I started, I couldnt stop, like a drug made just for me...
KE Blindfolded, 1 felt cold hands touching me everywhere, hot whispers in my ears, tongues licking my nipples and clit; hard cocks filling my mouth, my ass, my pussy as if Laziel was everywhere.
His kisses, his lips, his hands...
riding his cock between my thighs. Lying on his chest, unable to see, just being devoured deliciously.
see His laughter echoed as his wings, black as a raven, fanned through the void, with thunder and chaos all around us.
Carrying me on top of him, both of us naked; my legs wrapped ---- around his hips, filled again by his desire.
Laziell Teaned back, arms and chest extended into the empty air, my hair floating, his hands gripping my hips, setting me free as I felt his orgasm and magic flood me.
His golden eyes shined so bright, so intense, wild and mesmerizing.
They made me feel like the most beautiful, precious thing in the universe.
see I dont know how long weve been here, or how many crazy things Pve done1 just let Laziel take me, opening my lonely soul to another just as tormented.
Thave no regrets, no fear...
I want everything from this man.
His ghosts and shadows, his madness and domination.
T want to be forever that light he craves to devour, the one that tames his demons.
see Ad-free membership subscription 
###Chapter 1056
---- LAZIEL With Lavinia in my arms, we finally appeared back in the palace ---- bedroom.
I walked through the darkness to the bed and laid her down gently.
she was dozing off, exhausted, and when I saw her long lashes, her beautiful face, lips swollen and parted from my kisses, I couldnt help but smile with satisfaction.
Thad never laughed so much in my life, but I had never felt this complete either.
Now I understand my fathers words, his obsession with my mother, his consuming love...
Because after tasting the sweetness of this woman, I cant let her go.
My own thick magic still clung to her, caressing her skin, craving her even after Id taken her so many times.
I checked her body for wounds, for any tears in her intimacy, but all I found were marks of passion and my essence overflowing between her wet, seductive folds.
She never flinched, never rejected me, unlike the others I barely touched compared to what Ive done to Lavinia.
Theld her tight and leaned into the pillows. Lalmost never sleepthe frantic voices in my head wont let me but tonight, we were all satisfied.
---- Tf Thad known you were the cure to my sickness, T wouldnt have just killed those men who touched you...
Iwouldve kidnapped and fucked you for my own pleasure.
I whispered in her ear, the darkness manifesting through my throat, my hands gripping her body.
Theres no turning back, Lavinia...
you've bewitched the monster too deeply.
I close my eyes, burying my nose in her hair, breathing in the floral scent of her magic.
The palace is silent.
The ball resumed once we vanished from the hall, and now they all rest...
everyone but my specters.
What is it? I open my eyes in the darkness, seeing the shadow at the foot of the bed.
Ican barely summon them yetmy power is still slowly returning and now I need to feed Lavinia to strengthen her.
He brings me the message Ive been waiting for since arriving on this savage continent.
He found Lyra.
Shes alive and approaching this pack.
Good.
Follow her quietly and help her reach me, I command, and he understands, but doesnt leave right away.
---- His abyssal eyes fix intensely on the woman resting on my chest.
I feel his hunger...
they want me to drag her back into my dream realm. Dont make me repeat myself.
Leave.
Shell return when she chooses.
Still reluctant, he vanishes into the air, a fading shadow brushing Lavinias ankle like a soft caress.
I kiss her hair and trace the curve of her spine with my fingers.
She has no idea what shes done, what she's managed to control...
and one day, they might obey her desires more than mine.
phis is only the beginning, my beloved Lavinia...
now you belong to us forever.
Ad-free membership subscription 
###Chapter 1057
---- 73.
THE HIGH PACK OF THE SOUTH NARRATOR MEANWHILE...
Still far from the royal pack, Lyra, Drakkar, and their people were struggling to survive.
"Use the oars!" Drakkar shouted to the other warriors, following his mates lead.
"Dont raise the sail, the winds too strong!" Before Lyra could warn him, the animal skin acting as a sail slipped from Lorenzos hands and flew off with the wind.
Lyra was starting to regret crossing this stretch of sea just to reach the High Packs' lands faster.
"I'm sorry," Lorenzo muttered, frowning as he watched the leather drift away, but his hands were bleeding from the cuts caused by the hemp rope.
Nana quickly pulled medicinal herbs from her satchel to help him.
She was now serving as Lyras assistant and healer.
Just as Drakkar was thinking of countermeasures, something happened that changed the course of everything.
---- "What the hell is that?!" Lyra heard the wolves shouting and looked ahead to see a ship far more sophisticated than the simple logs tied together with rope that they were using. "Who are you and what are you doing in the waters of the High Pack of the South?!" They had reached their destination! "We're merchants here to sell our goods!" Drakkar stepped forward, hiding his mate behind his broad back.
He didnt like the way those males were looking at his Lyra at all.
There was movement on the ship, murmured words, and then a decision was made.
"Follow us to solid ground!" So they did, using their rustic oars.
Just by comparing their pitiful boats to that sturdy shipand the warriors clothes, accessories, and aurathey realized how outmatched they were.
Lyra noticed something worse.
Those men had hidden intentions.
Hide the daggers under the furs and shoes without drawing attention, everyone stay alert.
Drakkar, theres going to be ---- trouble.
she warned her man, spotting the shore in the distance.
Right away, she noticed the massive difference between the land they had washed up on before and this part of the continent.
Why would those wolves want to trade with a more primitive pack? Their boats ran aground on the beach and they began unloading the two wagons they had wrapped and covered.
The women stayed in the rear, protected by the men.
"Tell me, what exactly do you want to trade with us?" a warrior approached Drakkar, eyeing him with disdain.
But his greedy eyes were subtly checking out Lyra in a different way.
"We brought hides and meat.
We want to buy goods from your pack." "Hides?" He looked at the tribes clothing, raising an eyebrow sarcastically.
"Sure, let me invite you into our special guest wagons.
Lyra looked further and saw a stockade, from which two large wheeled cages were emerging.
These assholes really thought they were stupid.
Apparently, slavery was still a thing on this side.
---- But worsemore warriors came out from inside. Things were getting dangerous.
"We're not getting in your special wagons.
We'll walk.
We'll camp on the edge of the forest." Lyra answered, stepping into her role as the healer.
"Let it be known I tried to be nice..." With a simple hand signal from the warrior, guards leapt at them.
With sharp spears and steel blades but they had no clue these pitiful folks had hidden weapons.
Drakkar lunged at the leader, catching him off guard, no time to react.
He drew a black dagger and shoved it into the mans neck, using him asa shield.
?Cut off the snakes head? as Lyra had once told him.
Back off or Ill slit his throat!" he growled at the men who froze in place, Listen to him, damn it, this weapons no joke!" the leader yelled, suddenly not looking so brave anymore.
The blade pressed into his pulsing vein and cold sweat broke out.
###Chapter 1058
---- "We just want to trade peacefully and have a meeting with your master healer! We've got weapons, we've got goods to offer!" Drakkar roared, and the air turned cold.
"Fine, fine, just let me go already!" "You think Im an idiot? You're staying as...
as..." Drakkar glanced at Lyra, who almost laughed despite the tense moment.
"Hostage," she mouthed.
"You're staying as a hostage until we're sure everythings safe!" No one backed down.
Things were going south.
Even though theyd surprised them with Gaias weapons, those guys were more in numberand this was their turf.
Lyra frowned, already thinking they might have to shift into wolf form and bolt into the woods.
They'd definitely started off on the wrong paw.
What's going on here?!" suddenly, a man arrived riding a strange beast, like the horses Lyra remembered. He was a wolf with a dominant aura, tall and muscular, with braided red hair and wild turquoise eyes.
---- "Beta William, these invaders attacked the warrior leader!" they started twisting the truth.
"Thats a lie!" Lorenzo stepped forward, not holding back anymore, and his woman shouted the whole truth from the back.
Williams senses hadnt been this alert in ageshis nose flared deeply, his wolf stirred with a long-forgotten interest.
It couldnt be...
not after all these yearsbut when his eyes met.
the young woman at the back, his heart skipped a beat.
He almost got off his mount to go to her.
His wolf tried to reach the little she-wolf, but found an unbreakable wall.
Not only did her animal side reject him without mercy, but the female dodged his gaze and hid among the others.
"Enough!" he roared, stopping the standoff.
"Is this how you treat merchants from distant lands?!" He embarrassed his men, who lowered their heads.
The hostage was grinding his teeth in rage.
Of all people, that dumbass Beta had to show up.
If it were the Alphas son, these assholes would be chained up as.
slaves by now.
---- "You're guests in our lands.
I give you my word as Beta of the High Pack of the South.
Release Warrior Persy," William ordered, dismounting and grabbing the reins.
Follow me.
Persy, I want your ass in the training grounds in one hour!" he commanded, and the hostage trembled, already knowing what kind of punishment was coming.
William was just as cruel as he was noble. Drakkar looked at Lyra and they both nodded.
With weapons still ready, they recovered their two wagons and left the boats behind, setting off down a dirt path.
Among them, Nana clutched her chest with her head down, trying to vanish among the other women.
It couldnt be.
Why this coincidence? She had just found her second-chance mateand it was none other than the untamable redheaded Beta.
She didnt want to be tied to another male like Verak or her previous mate.
If he dared approach her, she had only one thing to say: I release you from this bond.
But if he tried to claim her by force...
shed show him what happened when a she-wolf didnt want to belong to anyone ---- anymore.
She had already killed the first oneand she wouldnt mind getting her hands dirty again for her freedom.
###Chapter 1059
---- 74.
DON'T LET THE PAST STOP YOU FROM LOVING NARRATOR "1'm sorry, but for now I can only offer you this cabin," William said, looking at Drakkar and the striking white-haired woman beside him.
She looked like the healer of this small group.
"We truly appreciate your help," Lyra, who was more diplomatic than her man, was the one to reply.
She was well aware the Beta had treated them too kindly, and she already had a guess why.
Even though William was talking to Drakkar, his eyes kept drifting toward the little female helping to carry things into the wooden house. In fact, to them, it already felt like something new and quite a beautiful construction.
The market opens in the morning.
I'll inform the gate guards so they let you pass," William muttered, not even sure how he was managing to hold a coherent conversation.
The breeze carried that jasmine scent, the one making his wolf drool "How can we see your healer?" ---- "Our Priest?" William frowned a little.
"Why do you want to see him?" "We come on behalf of an old friend.
We're looking for Mister Memento," Drakkar answered.
"1'm sorry, but I cant help you with that.
Seeing the packs priest and his assistants isnt that easy.
Youre welcome to stay on this piece of land as long as needed and trade," William cut off their hopes.
Drakkar was about to insist, but Lyra gently took his hand.
Thanks again for your help," she ended the conversation, and William, though reluctant, got on the beast and rode off down the path.
Or at least, thats what he pretended to do. Baby, theres a fraction of my power in those mountains over there." Lyra heard Khalum's voice and looked into the distance.
The mountain range stretched behind the High Packs territory, surrounded by solid stone walls.
It didnt look easy to get in.
We have to act smart, Drakkar.
This part of the continent developed three times more than yours," Lyra said, staring at the cabin in the middle of the clearing.
###Chapter 1060
---- "Oh yeah, we ended up with the scruffy little savages.
Good thing I found my wolf." Aztoria clicked her tongue, remembering the smells of the communal cave.
Lyra rolled her eyes.
Better for her to spend all day fooling around with Khalum than running her mouth.
"Yes, their clothes are different, like the ones you were wearing when I first found you.
Will they have access to your house?" Deep down, Drakkar was a little worried.
Lyra had told him the truth about where she came from, but it was something he still didnt fully understand.
One thing was clear to him: he would go wherever Lyra went. "I dont think so.
My home...
its even more advanced, babe," she said with a touch of amusement at Drakkars scrunched-up face.
He wouldnt even let her go to the bathroom alone, scared some hole would open up and swallow her.
Maybe she shouldnt have told him about magical portals.
Tomorrow lets visit the fair.
Handle the warriors, lets explore a little, but carefully," Lyra raised her hand and caressed her males short beard, his black eyes locked on her.
Drakkar turned his face and kissed her palm lovingly, stroking the back of her hand.
---- As long as his female was by his side, nothing else mattered.
KE That afternoon, they split tasks and Lyra "casually" went out with Nana to look for useful herbs, They didnt stray far from the cabin, still wary of any danger, even though the males were on alert.
Lyras eyes followed the downcast woman, Brown hair, eyes once lively, now always looked sad.
Lyra, that Beta is spying on us, well hidden." Aztoria, trained like an Alpha, could sense what others couldn't.
"Nana, have I ever told you about my parents?" Lyra asked softly as she bent down to pick some herbs.
"Your parents? No..." Nana didnt understand why such a personal topic was being brought up.
But soon, she understood.
Lyra told her about her mother, and Nana imagined a beautiful female, strong and heroic, although her imagination would never reach the heights of what being a Selenia meant.
"Your father must be a very powerful male. Where are they?" They live far away," Lyra said, looking at the flowers with ---- melancholy.
"And yes, my dad is amazing.
Sometimes he seems invincible, but he wasnt always like that.
Lyra looked up and met the eyes of the little omega in front of her.
Despite her mistakes, she held nothing against Nana.
Her punishment had already been far too cruel for her sins.
"My father was a sex slave, since he was even younger than you." Nanas eyes widened in shock.
She didnt fully understand what sex slave meant, but from what she had lived, she figured it had to be something pretty close.
"He was forced to do horrible things he didnt want to, with many women." "But your mom...2" 
###Chapter 1061
---- 75.
MY RED-HAIRED BETA NARRATOR "My mother saved him, and they went through so much before becoming a couple and truly recognizing each other," Lyra explained, getting to the point of the story.
"My father had deep wounds in his soul, Nana, but when the right person came along, he was brave enough to open his heart." Nana avoided Lyras eyes.
It looked like she had figured out her secret with the Beta "Dont let bad experiences stop you from being happy.
Dont shut yourself off completely from love," Lyra sighed.
There was nothing more she could do for Nana nowshe only hoped that male would truly treat her well. "Pick some more of those herbs for me.
I need to talk to Drakkar." "wait...!"" Nana started to get up, but Lyra had already turned her back and disappeared into the foliage.
She was left alone in the middle of the clearing...
or not so alone.
Reina suddenly rose, her nose finally catching, through all the plants, that wild pine scent.
---- Nanas whole body tensed, and when she heard footsteps approaching behind her, she wanted to run.
But she had barely taken a few steps when her arm was gently held.
"Please, wait..." William couldnt remember the last time hed felt this nervous.
Hed been watching her for a while, waiting for this chance.
{need to talk to you.
I...
think you've recognized me just like I recognized you," he said, feeling her trembling under his fingers She was scared of him, damn it, maybe because of his ridiculous size or his harsh face.
He tried to lower his aura as much as he could, his wolf struggling to hold back the urge to wrap around the feisty little she-wolf.
"We're mates. I know Im a stranger to you, Im just asking for a chance to get to kno" "No." Nana turned and yanked her arm away.
"I dont need any male.
We can break the bond right now.
I, Nana..." "Wait!" Williams massive hands covered her mouth.
Under his calloused palm, he felt her soft lipsbut also the fear hit him like a slap to the face.
He let go of her instantly.
Why was everything going so wrong? 
###Chapter 1062
---- "Y didnt mean to scare you, damn itl...
mean...
Im sorry.
ma little rough, and its been a long time since Ive talked to a female like this...
Not that I talked to many women before!" He corrected himself right away.
By the Wolf King, he felt ridiculous.
Hed been a widower for almost ten years and was completely out of practice.
please dont reject me so quickly.
At least give me a chance," he asked in a low, hoarse, and vibrating voice.
Nana and Reina were sweating under their layers of fur. They couldnt look into the males green eyes without feeling like they were going to burn in the fire behind them.
Had anyone ever looked at her like that before? "You're just under the spell of the bond.
You dont even know my name.
Your name is Nana, and you're the healers assistant," William replied, surprising her.
since when had this male been spying on her? "My name means nothing.
Youre just reacting to the pheromones ---- "I dont care," William shot back, not giving her time to breathe.
He felt like if Nana kept talking, she would reject him again.
"My name is William.
I know we dont know each other, but...
I like you.
You're beautiful, small, and your eyes are really stunning..." Shit, he was blushing more than his hair.
He, a rough and gruff male, wasnt good at sweet words.
"And you...
well, I love your scent and your.
" your sexy curves, those soft lips Im dying to kiss, and that tiny waist that must feel perfect between my hands while you ride me." shut the hell up, William.
Dont you even think of saying that, his Beta wolf growled inside him.
Reina had him in check, and of course, he couldve controlled her, being a Beta, but he had never thought of crossing that line.
"T..." William scratched his head, trying to come up with more adjectives females might like, and Nana suddenly felt like laughing at his struggles.
She looked away with a small smile forming at the corner of her mouth.
No male had ever treated her with so much respect, or tried even a little to win her over. ---- "7m leaving." Still, it wouldnt be that easy.
Her heart wasnt ready for another heartbreak "Nana, please..." William stopped her with his hands on her shoulders, standing behind her.
The omega shivered from how close he was.
His pheromones, pine and deep forest, surrounded her in such a possessive way that made her body trembleand not from fear.
"Little one, I wont accept your rejection so easily.
Im not the kind of man who gives up at the first obstacle," that magnetic voice whispered near her ear.
William had leaned over her back.
"There's a dance tonight in the pack square.
I'll be waiting near your cabin," he said, heart pounding hard in his chest.
###Chapter 1063
---- 76.
AN UNDERCOVER SPY NARRATOR "I won't force you to do anything you dont want.
Im not going to touch you.
I just want us to get to know each other and talk, Nana.
T swear on my life, Id never hurt you." William said it while staring at the back of her neck, where the scar from a bite still hadnt fully healed.
It was brutalyou could tell it had been done savagely. Suddenly, he felt a deep hatred for the man who had hurt her like that.
Now he understood why she was pushing him away.
Nana didnt say a word.
She just started walking, head down, hands clutching the basket made of vines.
But inside, she wasnt nearly as calm as she looked, nor was she as indifferent to William as she pretended to be.
That big, powerful male, like a protective bear, had sparked something in both Reina and her.
Still, she had no intention of going to any dance...
but that changed later.
"We've called you here because we need ideas on how to gather important information about the pack," Lyra gathered everyone at the back of the wooden cabin.
---- It wasnt very bigbarely three rooms, plus the bathroom and kitchenbut for them, it was already much better than their caves.
"What if we traded weapons for information?" "Maybe we could infiltrate them." "Why is it so hard to see their healer?" "They call him priest..." The debate kicked off, but in the end, there was no safe path.
Giving up their weapons wasnt an option either.
They didnt even know if Gaia existed on this side.
Nanas eyes briefly met Lyras, but only for a second. Lyra didnt pressure her, even though Nana might have access to one of the most important people in the tribe.
The conversation got heated.
They were eating roasted meat while tossing out more and more reckless ideas.
"Ll do it..." she said softly at first, but nobody heard her in the middle of all the noise.
"T SAID [LL DO IT!" she shouted with more conviction.
"Whoa, girl! Nana, you scared the hell outta me..." little Lorencita ---- next to her nearly jumped out of her skin from the yell.
###Chapter 1064
---- Lyras silver eyes locked with hers, giving her a nod full of pride.
Nana remembered clearly what she'd said about her father.
She didnt want to be a victim forever.
"Lyra, I want to be amazing, just like you." cerry That night, William had a clear path just for himself.
Pacing back and forth, chasing off fireflies in the grass.
Time passed, and Nana didnt show up.
"1 think...
shes going to reject us completely," his wolf collapsed, wanting to go search for her again.
His mate had died giving birth to their pup, who didnt survive either.
They had been so broken, he never thought they'd get another chance... until now.
And it wasnt like he lacked opportunities.
Plenty of females wanted to be the Betas partner in such a powerful pack.
William pushed back his red hair that fell to his shoulders.
---- His green eyes lost their spark as he stared into the dark.
Trying to decide whether to stay or leave, when suddenly a delicious jasmine scent bewitched his senses.
"shes ours!" Duain stood up wagging his tail, the glow returning to his gaze.
The little she-wolf was near.
William saw her walking up the path, hands clenched in front of her, clearly nervous Nana came with flowers woven into her chestnut hair, wearing a beautiful soft leather skirt down to her knees and a fluffy top.
The other females had given her their best things to make sure she looked beautiful.
When they found out the Beta was her mate, a whole wave of female support was set in motion.
"H-hi...
sorry Im late..." "Nol...
it doesnt matter," William softened his tone.
"Youre just in time.
You look...
beautiful." He swallowed hard"'beautiful" didnt do her justice.
He was melting with desire and longing for this omega.
---- "Its this way," he pointed toward the distant lights of the pack village, and Nana walked beside him.
Both in silence. The Beta had no idea how to speak without scaring her, and she was thinking about when to start asking questions.
After all, she couldnt forget she was a spy.
But when she saw the wonders of that pack, Nanas mind went completely blank for a moment.
William guided her through the walls.
Everyone treated him with respect, and glanced at her with curious eyes.
The streets were made of stone, and the houses were far more beautiful than the place they were staying in.
Amassive city with thousands of new inventions.
When they reached the square, it was full of vendors and lantern- lit torches.
William watched, fascinated, as Nanas bright eyes lit up like a child discovering the world for the first time.
"Come on, lets try some yummy stuff," he grabbed her hand before she could react and led her to the booths Nana felt the warmth of that males touchand didnt pull away.
###Chapter 1065
---- 77.
MY BEST GIFT IS YOU NARRATOR William started buying her all sorts of sweets that had her licking her lips and drooling over the delicious flavors.
The males sharp pupils locked onto those plump lips, glistening with sugar, and he struggled not to suck and lick them.
Nana was a mix of innocent seduction.
She didnt even realize what she was stirring inside him with every little gesture.
suddenly, he noticed Nanas attention had fixated on some necklaces made of shiny stones. "Tll take the turquoise one," he told the female weaving them, handing over some coins Nana had never seen before.
For you," William offered, his gaze fixed on her exposed white neck.
"No...
you didnt have to buy it." "But I wanted to.
Its a gift for you," he insisted, placing it around her neck, his fingers brushing her skin by accident.
"1...
[dont have anything to give you back..." the omega replied, leaving William a bit stunned...
If only she could read his mind.
---- Baby, just existing is already the most incredible gift Ive ever received." "Then, Ive got an idea for my giftcome on," William had learned from battles: if he won an inch, hed take more ground.
He grabbed her hand and led her to the center of the plaza, where some casual musicians were playing and couples danced in their own space.
Wait...
what?..." Nana suddenly found herself being led through steps she didnt even understand.
Clumsily, she followed.
William held her waist and took her other hand in the air. Her chest was nearly pressed against his strong pecs and, when she looked up, the Betas beautiful, glowing eyes were devouring her with hunger and desire.
But he didnt feel anything like that cruel man...
William felt different in every way.
Nana got lost in his subtle smile, in his warmth, in the security that radiated from his arms.
Through his human eyes, Duain saw the incredible woman who was reviving his dying heart.
"Ouch!" William suddenly yelped when Nana's tiny foot stepped ---- on his.
###Chapter 1066
---- Of course, it was all part of a sweet little act.
"Dm so sorry! I told you I didnt know how to dance!" the omegas face turned bright red.
"T think you fractured something...
it really hurts..." "Drama queen," Reina muttered, pretending to be annoyed by the red-furred wolf circling her.
Nanas mouth twisted slightly, but she played along, Leaning against her shoulders without putting on weight, William stepped aside into the shade of a canopy.
He'd do anything just to touch her skin for a second.
"Let me see. I know a bit about medicine..." Nana leaned in to examine him, but ina flash, she found herself trapped between Williams tall body and the wooden wall behind her.
"The only remedy I need right now is right in front of me...
you could heal anything in me," his deep voice lowered as he leaned into her.
Their breathing grew heavy.
His fingers stroked her cheek so slowly they felt like butterfly wings.
---- Williams dominant pheromones wrapped around her ina protective aura as his shadow covered her.
Nana understood he was giving her the choice.
That she could say no.
"Twant so badly to touch you, but...
if you dont want me to, I won't, baby, I swear...
'd never force you..." his gravelly voice whispered inches from her lips.
His rough hand closed around her waist, her sweaty back against the wall.
Nana couldnt say no, even if she triedevery instinct in her screamed yes...
What would it feel like to be kissed by someone who truly desired you? She closed her eyes, heart pounding wildly.
William had to hold back. The pads of his fingers rose to caress the softness of her lips.
His tongue slid out to lick slowly, savoring the sweetest taste of his life.
He sucked on her bottom lip with a rough growl, and when Nana moaned, he plunged into that warm mouth.
His thin lips moved slow and delicious over her fuller ones.
---- Nana followed his rhythm clumsily, and her inexperience only made the fire inside him burn hotter.
His hand moved to the back of her neck, the other gliding down her lower back, pulling her closer as he kissed her with raw passion and desire.
His tongue tangled with his omegas, growling with pleasure in her mouth, stealing her breath.
###Chapter 1067
---- 78.
SACRIFICE FOR THE PACK NARRATOR Breathe through your nose, baby...
slow, gorgeous...
just like that he gave her a second to breathe, and before Nana could put her guard back up, he kissed her again.
His taller body cornered her in the shadowy darkness of the overhang.
With music playing in the background and laughter in the distance, they caressed and kissed each other slowly, surrounded by erotic sounds.
Nanas heart was about to explode out of her chest.
Mmmm...
shhh... She hissed, vibrating with the tingling in her belly and between her legs.
Everything felt perfect, until suddenly the kiss grew more intense and the males hands slid down to grip her ass with lust.
His hard, fierce erection rubbed aggressively against her stomach.
Wolfish growls started slipping from Williams mouth as massive canines began to emerge.
No, no...
damn it! William stepped back, panting, leaving Nana stunned.
---- she immediately thought shed done something wrong.
That had to be it.
William must ve realized she was too much of a prude.
{...
'm sorry...
she apologized, her eyes starting to redden.
This had been too good to be true.
What? No, no, baby...
its just...
fuck, why now? William needed to get away from his mate or he was going to lose it, and the last thing she needed was a horny, overheated wolf you didnt...
do anything, Nana, he lifted his gaze, pupils glowing red, his features like a wild beast, and his hot pheromones were already stimulating her.
Hes about to go into heat, Reina was breathing hard, her own cycle syncing with her males. Omegas were always the most fertileand the most willing in the pack.
PIL...
Pl send you with someone I trust, dont worry...
its my...
my rut...
but its fine...
Who are you going to spend it with? Nana suddenly asked, frowning.
Of course, in that state, hed probably go to another female.
###Chapter 1068
---- All males were the same.
Pll go through it alone...
its not the first time, William could barely get the words out.
This one was hitting harder than ever.
Being intimate with his fated mate had triggered his wolf's most primal instincts.
Nana, what I'm offering you is real.
Im not playing with you...
I truly want you...
I can take care of you...
and I'll never betray you with another. With the last bit of self-control he had left, William stepped forward and kissed her.
Heat flowed through their sexy lips, and the wet, throbbing sensations between Nanas thighs grew more intense.
Stay here.
Dont be afraid.
1ll come see you in a few days, William practically ran off to find his most trusted subordinate Damn it, Duain! Great timing to go into heat! Werent we trying to prove we werent just a couple of perverts? "Its been over a year since I last went into rut, of course my mates gonna turn me on!" he growled, dying to go back to her.
They were holding it in by pure willpowerand those same balls, were about to turn blue from overheating.
---- Yep...
looked like they were gonna have to jerk off like degenerates for the next few days while thinking of her.
see Nana followed the back of the warrior William had sent.
A rough, serious man who was leading her toward the edge of the pack lands.
Nanas eyes glanced toward the busy street.
She couldnt stop thinking about William, suffering through his rut alone.
What if he couldnt resist and ended up with another female? Her own wolf wouldnt stop staring in the direction where his scent pine and wild foreststill lingered.
Wait...
she stopped, with the same crazy idea she'd once had when she chased after Verak through the dangerous jungle...
no, no This time it felt like an even stronger calling.
Where does the Beta live? I want to go back to him, she said with confidence.
She just hoped the man wouldnt say no.
The warrior looked at her for a second.
---- They didnt normally let outsiders into the pack like that, but William was his friend, and he had told him about his new mate.
This way, the man turned around and began guiding her through the streets and passing people. They were heading to the heart of the pack, and Nana clenched her hands, trying to convince herself of her decision.
Besides, I have a mission, and I didnt manage to get any useful information out of William.
We're doing this for our people, right? she asked Reina, not too convinced.
Nana, I think both of us know the last thing well be doing in our mates house while hes in heat is talking.
Youre not that innocent, are you? Nana stayed quiet.
She'd keep pretending this wasnt about giving that massive red- haired Beta a chance.
Of course not...
this was just to use him.
Yes...
use him to get information...
But in the end, the only things she got out of that sexy males lips were growls of pleasure, passionate kisses, and indecent promises 
###Chapter 1069
---- 79.
iLAZIEL AND LAVINIA! NARRATOR "Well, looks like things worked out with Nana," Lyra sighed, watching the broad back of the warrior walking away.
They had stayed behind like two worried parents about their pup, waiting for Nana on the path in case she got into trouble.
The Betas warrior had told them the Omega would sleep safely inside the pack.
suddenly, Drakkars strong chest blocked her view.
Lyra looked up, confused.
"Dont be staring at another males back.
I don't like it," he grumbled. Lyra smirked, feeling the sweet jealousy of her savage boy.
"I dont know...
its been a while since I got a good look at your back...
or anything else...
interesting," she teased, sneaking a glance at his crotch before turning to head back to the cabin.
She immediately heard Drakkar chasing after her, and a sly, sexy smile curved her lips.
Lyra, lets do it...
want you so bad too, but theres always problems, people, and the damn trip..." he hugged her from ---- behind, all stressed because he wasn't satisfying his female.
What if she really went and found another male?! Lyra shivered, feeling his hot kisses on her nape.
With Khalum awake, his obsession with marking her had only grown, but they'd only managed to have "quickies," without the right conditions or any romance.
"Mmm," Lyra moaned as she was pinned against a tree trunk and kissed until she nearly lost her breath.
Her hand slid under Drakkars leather skirt, grabbing the thick cock already standing proudly, ready to give her pleasure.
The wolfs mouth trailed down her neck, hissing excitedly at her attention beneath his loincloth.
His hands massaged Lyras breasts, sliding down her hips to stroke her wet pussy that tasted like honey and heaven.
Lyra felt his sexy licks on her belly as Drakkar knelt before her.
Her skirt was lifted, and she spread her legs, ready to be devoured by that wolfish tongue, imagining the orgasm about to hit her...
But in a second, Drakkars entire body tensed with aggression. He sprang up, shielding his mate behind him, fangs bared, his pupils shifting into Khalums.
---- "Let me out immediately! The danger is too much for you!" His wolf instincts never failed; something dark and dangerous was stalking them in the shadows.
Lyra tensed too, thinking another disaster was coming their way.
She heard the whisper of leaves ahead, but her inner wolf brought good news...
"Lyra, it smells like your brothers magic! Its one of Laziels specters!" Aztoria was ecstatic, and Lyras heart leapt with hope.
Her brother had fallen into this wild continent too! "Wait!" "No Lyra, dont step out!" Drakkar shoved her back, his body starting to shift straight into "war mode," even though it drained him terribly.
"Its from my brother Laziel! Dont worry, Drakkar, its not dangerous for us!" She finally managed to shout, breaking free from his protection to spot the spectral shadow hidden among the trees.
Those black and reddish eyes stared at her intensely.
###Chapter 1070
---- Dont get close.
I dont like that thing," Drakkar gripped her arm when she tried to close the distance.
No matter what she said, it was too creepy and weird.
"Its okay.
I just need to contact my brother through it," Lyra said, looking back into the darkness and the faint beams of moonlight filtering through the trees.
Her mouth opened, and she began to chant the spell that would connect her to Laziel.
In the silence, broken only by the soft sounds of the forest, a deep, mysterious voice echoed. "Lyra," despite the dry greeting, Lyra smiled brightly, already used to it.
"Brother! Im so glad you found me! Where are you?" "At the Wolf King's palace.
My specter will guide you." Laziels voice was hoarse and broken, but Lyra was too amazed and excited to notice anything strange.
"The Wolf King?" she thought about the big trouble Laziel must be into.
Truth be told, with him here, she felt safer.
"cant go right now, brother.
I found my mate and Im helping ---- him with something, its because of a..." "T cant deal with you right now.
Use my specter; he'll defend you.
When you want to come, just do it.
Im regaining my power...
take care..." "Wait, Laziel! Is that how you treat your older sister?!" He was always so damn emotionless, but Lyra thought he would be at least a little happy after surviving all the danger.
"Just wait until Im in front of you! You better prepare for...
"Aahhh baby dont stop, faster, oh yes, yes, thats so good..." Lyras brain froze, paralyzed and stuck, hearing a womans moans leaking through the connection with the specter.
And not just any woman! That... that...! WAS THAT LAVINIA?! No, no, no, that perverted brother of hers was doing something weird all by himself.
With Lavinia?! "Ah, ah, ah, give it to me harder, Laziel...!" "Cut the conversation, cut it nowww!" Lyra roared at the specter, who looked visibly restless.
His ethereal eyes stared in one direction, clearly wanting to abandon this mission Why was it that while everyone else was feasting on that delicious ---- magic, he had to be horny instead? "Lyra, are you okay? Did he hurt you?" Drakkar grabbed her by the shoulders, worried seeing her so shaken.
His wolf kept an eye on that weird creature hissing at nothing.
"Baby, can you hit me on the head to see if I forget the last few minutes?" Lavinia looked at him wide-eyed, completely serious.
1 What the hell had all that been? Someone capable of sneaking into her brother's and the specters thoughts, with that confidence and power, and also having sex with Laziel...
Had Lavinia fallen into this wild continent too? Worse yet, Laziel and Lavinia! The Lazinia was real!! 
###Chapter 1071
---- 80.
WHO'S LAUGHING NOW? NARRATOR The others were going to freak out when they found out! "Baby, are you really okay? How could I hit you on the head?" Drakkar was beyond confused.
"Lets go back.
This is too much, I need time to process it," she said, grabbing his arm.
Drakkar glanced down at his semi-hard friend who had been left hanging, "And you!" Lavinia suddenly turned to the shadow.
"Make sure none of those...
those intimacies leak into my mind again or you'll bea dead specter! Get lost until I need you!" 2 She pointed into the darkness of the forest, huffing and storming off with her frustrated mate.
se Meanwhile, Laziel was definitely not holding back. All those times his sisters teased him about a possible thing with the woman now moaning above hir They always got in the way, ruining his few chances to get her alone.
---- Ina darkcorner of the palace, like two outlaws, the sorceress had her dress pushed up indecently high.
Her legs wrapped around Laziels waist, her thighs clenching with each rise and fall as she rode the thick cock impaling her from below.
Lavinias mind was burning with lust.
Her sweaty back against the stone wall, her bare breasts being suckled by her mans mouth.
Her eyes glazed over by a dark mist of powerful magic that caressed her white skin like lascivious hands.
Her mouth was gagged, and their moans echoed only in their minds.
Laziel grunted, gripping her ass, bouncing her up and down, feeling pure ecstasy every time that hot pussy swallowed and squeezed him.
His cock throbbed with excitement, his balls ready to explode inside her tight pussy.
Right while he was fucking his mate, Lyras call accidentally caused Lavinias horny thoughts to leak.
Lets see who would dare say after that, that she had picked him out of desperation.
"Ahhh right there, there...
Laziel, Laziel..."" she moaned his name ---- just like she always did when she was about to come.
Her lips were freed from the dark hand gagging her and Laziel kissed her wildly, with burning desire.
He felt her trembling around his cock and thrust two or three more times, deep, rough, just the way she loved being fucked.
"Mmmnan Lavi..." he moaned as shivers ran down his spine, letting her magic flood him. He loved her, even if her power was weaker than his, he adored how she claimed him, her purity, her shyness...
her precious light.
He hugged her tightly as spurts of his seed flooded her femininity, strengthening her.
Feeling her orgasmic tremors, her nails digging into his back with that same fierce passion she always gave him Their souls vibrating as one.
Their magical resonance was perfect, only because they made it perfect.
With calmer breaths, Lavinia gazed at him up close, those fascinating eyes of his.
Their noses brushed together, wet with tiny drops of sweat.
###Chapter 1072
---- Your majesty really shouldnt be doing these obscene things in the palace corners," she said playfully, her voice hoarse from ---- screaming silently.
"You challenged me, but I think this wasnt much of a punishment for you, my beloved Lavinia." He pushed deeper inside her, making her gasp with excitement, clinging onto Laziels half-naked body like a lustful whore.
"Then next time, you'll have to come up with a more creative punishment," she teased, playful and in a good mood after such a delicious orgasm.
I think I already found one," Laziel said, grabbing her ass firmly and walking toward his room, still buried inside her.
He was sure no one would see them in the corridor leading to his quarters.
"What way did you find?" Lavinia suddenly had a bad feeling when she saw that wicked glint in his golden eyes.
"While our magics were resonating, Lyra contacted me." "What?" Lavinia tensed, hearing the door creak open as they entered the room. "Laziel, what did you do?" "T didnt do anything, sweetheart.
You're the one moaning uncontrollably through my specters minds.
Lets just say it got to the one Lyra was using to talk to me." ---- "WHAT, WHAT!!" Her scream shook the castle walls.
Lavinias heart froze, and she pushed him off to throw herself onto the bed.
As she threw a tantrum, wishing she could crawl under the rocks and disappear, a certain dark prince laughed silently.
An orgasm with the woman he passionately desired, a satisfying magic exchange, and revenge...
Could this day get any better? eee Back to the spy.
Nanas bravery lasted as long as Lavinias discretion.
When she dared to sneak into the wolfs lair, there was only one way she could "get information"...
by pulling down her panties and letting herself be wanted.
"This is your last chance, Nana, you can still...
walk away..." William said through gritted teeth, staring down at her as she lay under his aroused body.
Her scent had him painfully hard, and he was holding himself back only through sheer willpower.
Nanas heart was pounding wildly.
Even though they were still clothed and had only kissed, she could ---- still run away... But desire and curiosity crushed the fear.
"T...
[want to..." she whispered like a little mouse.
But when William started licking her and touching her so erotically, everything was going so well...
Until he tried to explore under her panties.
Thats when Nanas memories hit her like a slap.
That place didnt bring pleasure...
Only horrible, agonizing pain 
###Chapter 1073
---- 81.
SPYING ON THE ENEMY NARRATOR Nanas mind was playing tricks on her.
She tried to focus on the pleasure she felt with her mate above her, his warm hands caressing her tenderly.
His burning kisses, those vibrant sensations racing across her skin, However, when William lifted her leather skirt and started placing soft kisses on the inside of her thighs, Nana had to fight the urge to close her legs.
From the start, William realized she was scared.
Goddess, what had happened to his female? His wolf circled Reina slowly, who still trembled under each lick and caress, His calloused hands gently untied the side straps, always watching her above her belly, moving slowly, even though holding back was costing him years of life.
"Baby, dont compare me to anyone else.
Im gonna make you forget...
Nana, really trust me..." Nana nodded nervously, putting everything on the line in that moment. ---- His lustful mouth moved down to her mound, licking and growling.
William was drunk on the intense scent of her pheromones.
Nana tensed up when his rough fingers explored her intimacy, caressing her pussy lips and getting drenched in her juices.
His hot breath blew over her clit, his mouth approaching to kiss her, to sensually explore her, while his green beast-like eyes kept staring at her through the shadows.
"Mmmnnn," Nana's back arched as tingles of pleasure washed over her.
Her hands clenched into fists on the furs, sweat rolling down her pale skin, and her mate's saliva mixed with her own horny juices.
William was losing his mind.
He slid one finger slowly into the tight little hole he was dying to ravish, in and out, seducing her, stretching her.
His tongue swirled around the hard little nub, devouring and sucking it like a thirsty man.
His wolf had Reina cornered in her mind, making her fall in love, dominating her passionately, showing her that her pleasure came before his.
Nanas hips started to buck upwards, her toes digging into the mattress, her thighs trembling, her entire body vibrating.
---- "mmm...
William...
keep touching me like that..." "shhh," the Beta hissed between her legs like a restrained beast.
His own hand moved down to stroke his aching cock.
The lustful fog of heat clouded his mind, his instincts roared to mount her, but his female came first.
William...
I cant hold it... ahhh," Nana moaned, grinding wildly and cumming into his mouth, snapping the last thread of her sanity.
His wolfish tongue slid inside, his lips kissed her orgasmic pussy with passion, prolonging her delicious climax.
He felt the spasming movements of her folds vibrating in ecstasy.
The Betas hand moved faster and rougher along his shaft, panting and growling, chasing his own release.
The tip kept brushing against the furs of the bed.
Nana lay there breathing heavily, staring at the ceiling with clouded eyes.
What was that wonderful feeling? She felt so alive...
She wanted more of that, more of William...
she wanted to please him, and again, the image from the river came back to her mind.
###Chapter 1074
---- She sat up on shaky legs to see the scene of that sexy male stroking his thick cock, growling low, his canines clenched, eyes half-shut, kneeling on the mattress His reddish hair gleamed under the moonbeams slipping through the window slats, sweat sliding down his hard pecs and the tattoos on his moving biceps.
Nana swallowed, lust boiling in her veins.
she moved slowly toward William, who was jerking off faster and faster, thrusting his hips against his hand, desperately chasing that orgasm he needed so badly.
"Nana...
oh, fuck, yeah...
Nana..." he groaned, struggling not to pounce on her.
But when a hot little mouth closed around his reddened tip, a horny wolf's roar ripped from the Betas throat.
He looked down to see her on all fours, her brown hair moving back and forth, her lips sucking greedily and clumsily.
"Nana...
you dont have to do... ahhh, fuck, that feels so good, His hips rolled, his cock loving the abuse.
Despite the dangerous teeth of the omega and her inexperienced blowjob, William was on cloud damn nine.
---- About to explode, he couldnt hold it anymore.
He grabbed Nana and pushed her onto the pillows.
His huge, fierce body lay down with incredible care over his female.
His rock-hard, throbbing cock aimed at her hot, slippery entrance.
"Nana, I cant hold it, I need...
to make love to you...
baby, I'll be gentle..." "Do it...
William...
I want you..." Nana confessed against his mouth.
Their pants and moans melted into the dark sensuality of the room.
With a slow thrust, the Beta buried himself inside her tight wolfish paradise.
Moving his hips with every deep stroke, caressing her breasts, kissing her lips, whispering in her ear that making love to her was the best thing he'd ever experienced.
"My love, youre incredible, I want you so much, you're the gift the Goddess created just for me...
you had to come to me..." Nanas heart raced wildly hearing his words, her eyes filled with tears that ran down her cheeks.
But this time, they werent tears of painthey were tears of joy.
Her mouth was kissed with devotion, and her body was loved ---- deliciously.
Her hands clung to his sweaty, muscular back, legs open wide, receiving that huge veiny cock that now she was dying to taste again and again.
William took her to the top and showed her a world beyond all the abuse. Two wounded souls helping each other heal.
Two lone wolves merging into a single heartbeat.
eke Halfway back to the cabin, Lyra still hadnt recovered from catching her brother with Lavinia, but she decided they were both adults and she had to act more mature.
"Poor Lavinia, thats what happens when you get to thirty without options..." she muttered at last.
She never imagined that her poor friend hadnt been forced into anything and that, deep down, she was even more twisted and dark than her weirdo brother.
"Drakkar, today we're spying on that pack, because I think our little spy just 'switched sides,'" she said, making air quotes with her fingers.
Still, she was way too happy for Nana and really hoped it would ---- work out this time.
"Lyra, should I figure out a way in with Khalum?" "No, no, babe, thats what my brothers ghost is for," she answered, grabbing Drakkars hand and looking for a hidden spot near the forbidden mountain.
Today, through the shadows, they would uncover the hidden truth inside the Southern High Pack.
###Chapter 1075
---- 82.
THE HEART OF THE BEAST NARRATOR "Sir, there are rumors that the Wolf King is acting stranger than ever, but it seems like his power has increased," the warrior said to a young Alpha sitting on a throne-like chair.
His gaze was severe, his features sharp and cold.
"Good, you may leave," he told the man who hesitated to keep talking.
"But...
his sister...
maybe if we pay for her, I dont think the Alpha would like..." "Do you know what my father wants? Are you daring to speak for him?" "T would never, Lord Wallace!" the warrior started sweating cold.
He was sure the Alpha would order them to bring Vera at all costs, but her brother Wallace was something else. "Vera brought that trouble on herself, I told her not to go to the tournament," Wallace muttered between his teeth.
"Or do you want to bring the Wolf King's wrath upon our pack?" The warrior swore he didnt, but Wallace dismissed him with some annoyance.
---- Ithad been a while, but they still weren't used to him.
Always speaking about his father, the Alpha.
Especially that Beta William, that damn snoop.
Wallace twisted his mouth as he left the central hall and headed to his room in the most isolated wing.
His father would never return, but he couldnt declare him dead eithernot until he gained more power and became ruthless.
With his father's supposed illness, he manipulated the pack, especially that loyal idiot William.
He reached his room and locked the door, scanning the darkness to.
make sure no spies were lurking.
All clear, apparently, but Wallace could never detect the ghostly shadow stalking him from the ceiling.
He walked to a bookshelf in the small adjoining office, pressing the right spots until he heard the subtle sounds of a mechanism kicking in.
He pushed the wooden shelf aside, stirring up some dust, and revealed a dark tunnel like the mouth of a wolf.
He entered, looking one last time behind him before closing the secret passage that led him through a long underground path into the heart of the mountain.
---- That damn Wolf King must have found a way to absorb even more power from the 'Heart of the Beast,' tsk! And that old fool Memento who can't do anything right." He kept grumbling, cursing his own priest.
Thinking back to the day his father revealed the truth behind his strength and how the four great packs had become what they were today. It was all thanks to that frozen crystal hidden in their territories.
They learned in silence to steal the pure and elemental power trapped behind the ice.
That same magic had given wisdom and humanity to the wild wolves of the continent.
After walking a long way through the suffocating corridors, Wallace reached another door, covered with chains and locks, which he spent quite some time unlocking.
What greeted him first was a cavernous room, artificially carved.
He crossed the room, his gaze shifting to the runic inscriptions in one corner, where a body rested underground.
Itwas his father, the Alpha, who never imagined he would watch his back against everyone except his worst enemy his own son.
The runes prevented the pack from feeling the loss of power, but ---- that wouldn't last forever.
###Chapter 1076
---- Now, with Vera out of the way, Wallace had even more control over his people.
He only wanted to become stronger, to take from that power, and for that, he needed the two idiots he was about to meet.
"Memento, you better be ready to chant your crap today!" He exclaimed, entering dominantly into the next chamber.
Avast cavern filled with frost, the ceiling towering high with sharp stalactites pointing downward.
In the center stood a gigantic crystal, much bigger than the one Lyra found near the Fertile Valley Pack.
The temperature here chilled even the strongest hearts, and the two "hostages" were no exception.
Memento rose, pale, from the altar, his old bones aching, the cold biting deep into his soul.
The young assistant beside him helped him up. "Lord Wallace, Mr.
Memento hasn't recovered from the last spell yet.
At this rate, he'll die," the boy dared to whisper.
He hated this bastard who was forcing them to their deaths, just like he secretly murdered the Alpha and now blackmailed them.
---- "Did I ask for your opinion?" Wallace drilled him with his gaze.
"The last I heard about your mother, she wasnt doing so well.
Do you want her to die prematurely?" "you..." Enough, Kile," Memento, an older wolf with some gray strands woven through his reddish hair, finally intervened.
Ithad been along time since he saw sunlight, and his tired green eyes stared coldly at the Alphas son.
"If you want me to extract more power from the rock, we must see our families, know they are well.
Surely, you understand I can't just take your word for it..." "Tsk, you demand too much for the shit you give me," Wallace growled, things getting more complicated as time passed.
"You have until tomorrow night to recover and give me what I want, or what I'll bring back might be your sons head...
and your mothers." He pointed at them, huffing and turning around, shivering as he fought the cold inside the cavern.
Memento remained worried, staring at his back; if that man kept exploiting them like this, they wouldn't survive.
He was using their families to blackmail them while telling William ---- that he was locked away healing the Alphas grave illness.
That way, he secured a loyal warrior and a priest.
Memento thought about buying time so someone could uncover Wallaces web of lies, but his hope was fading by the day.
"Master, if you force yourself again, you'll die, you understand? You'll die!" his young assistant gripped his shoulders. Memento saw his younger self in that boy, many years ago, when he told his own master they were lucky to be chosen to learn how to extract power.
?No, Memento.
This powerful energy is the gift of a God, and we, simple animals, shouldnt tamper with what we dont understand.? His master had saidbut still, he was forced by the pack's Alpha to draw magic from the crystal.
He watched his master weaken just like he was now, and even with all those warnings, he hadnt accepted the offer to escape with him He stayed behind and took his place The Alpha favored him then, even naming his son William as Beta, and occasionally performing the secret ceremony of stealing magic; however, when Wallace learned the truth, his greed dragged them all into ruin.
"T have no other choice, Kile...
I brought this calamity on myself," ---- he whispered, staring at the oppressive frozen crystal where a shadow moved insidealive, throbbing, waitin; Ina hidden corer, the darkness "listened" and "watched," transmitting everything it discovered.
Far away from there, Lyra opened her eyes in astonishment, her heart pounding fast.
She had uncovered a decisive secret.
###Chapter 1077
---- 83.
BLOOD SPELL NARRATOR Sitting in the middle of the lunar runes, Lyra looked at Drakkar with eyes full of surprises.
Lyra, what happened? Is everything alright?" he asked, breaking through the spell and leaning down to hug her.
He didn't like the unknown, those strange things that could go wrong and take his woman away.
Drakkar, I found another fragment of Khalum's power, but things are more complicated than I thought," Lyra conveyed to him mentally everything the specter had revealed to her.
"The Heart...
my Heart..." Aztoria heard Khalum murmur thoughtfully, trying to remember. Khalums secrets stirred a lot of curiosity.
They needed to get that power, and fast; time was running out for Beta Williams father.
But no matter how powerful they were, even with Laziels specter, this pack had too many warriors, well-trained and armed.
Help from inside was necessary, and this time, seriously, Beta William would have to choose a side.
---- sek Meanwhile, far from Lyra, deep within the Wolf King's palace: "Don't talk to me.
You think I don't know this was all your doing?" Lavinia huffed angrily, following the path between the hallways, guided by a specter of her companion.
Laziel watched her straight back, the soft waves of her brown hair, the bounce of her ass, and the sway of her narrow waist.
He had seen her body so many times, he could practically say he knewit by heart, but it was never enough.
"No," Lavinia stopped abruptly and turned to point her finger at him.
"Stop getting turned on and take your perverted magic off me.
The golden eyes looked at her, glowing, and she got lost in their depths.
Damn it, how seductive this bastard was! It had been better before, when she wouldnt even look at his face or had discovered this other side of Laziel.
"I'm not guilty, Lavi, but my father told me the wife is always right," the Nocturne said, stepping forward and bending down to beat the level of his much smaller female.
"What do I have to do to earn your forgiveness?" ---- He whispered with that magnetic voice that made her panties wet ?Go back to being that same weirdo as before, that indifferent block of ice, that little freak of the creepy experiments!? Lavinia screamed inside, but in the end, she thought of many ways to punish him and always ended up wanting to kiss that delicious mouth. "Damn your genetics!" she snorted, spinning around and smacking him in the face with her hair.
Laziel tilted his mouth slightly with the shadow of a smile.
?Lavinia, Lavinia, you're letting your guard down way too much around me.? He followed her in a good mood, lighting up the path with magical lights until they reached a huge barrier door.
"This is it," Laziel announced, and Lavinia stepped forward, but the specter stood in front of her, completely blocking her way.
"It's dangerous, that's why it's protecting you.
That door is sealed with a powerful barrier," Laziel explained.
"[ waste a lot of energy every time I have to open it; it's a very complex spell." 
###Chapter 1078
---- "You can move.
It's fine," Lavinia said, extending her hand to caress the dark shadows swirling around her fingers before ---- disappearing.
In these days, she had learned interesting things, like the fact that Laziels specters weren't the same as his father's.
He had only absorbed the dark magic of those entities at birth, but unlike the tormented souls that formed the original specters, Laziel's minions were modified and created by him in his own dark domain.
Zarek revived the dead, and Laziel fused magical souls born from his own darkness.
How powerful could that be? "Laziel, theres something weird about this spell. I feel...
like it's calling me..." Lavinia frowned, staring at the intricate patterns on the door.
"What do you know about the original Wolf King?" "Not much.
When I arrived on this continent, I searched for the strongest position to take control," he explained.
"T prepared to fight despite the restrictions on my specters, but all I found was an idiot who couldn't even be called a mage." Lavinia secretly admired the confidence Laziel always showed.
He seemed to fear nothing.
"That man pretended to be the Wolf King, but his real identity was the High Priest" ---- ?He fooled everyone, saying he was training and studying behind closed doors, but in reality, he was hiding behind the King's veil.
It was him who invented those lascivious tournaments with the females and ordered the killing of all people in the realm with different and magical traits.
He was afraid of something, but I only connected the dots later, and during my fight with him, thinking he was stronger, I admit I killed him with one blow? Laziel explained, shrugging like someone talking about the weather.
1 took his place, and his secrecy worked out great for me to hide as well." He finished off that worm so fast there wasnt even a corpse left to revive.
So we dont know what really happened to the true Wolf King.
Where is he?" Lavinia sighed, raising her hand and releasing a bit of her magic to test the ground. The transparent barrier began to vibrate at the contact with her arcane energy, and the runes on the dark wood shifted like snakes crawling over the earth.
"1's...
its a spell paid with drops of blood..." Lavinia opened her eyes wide.
---- Behind her, Laziel watched her closely to protect her.
Laziel, are you seeing what I'm seeing?" Lavinia couldn't believe her discovery.
"Yes, this barrier was placed by a witch from your family...
a De la Croix sorceress." "Whats a De la Croix spell doing in this realm?" 
###Chapter 1079
---- 84.
ONE STEP AWAY FROM THE TRUTH NARRATOR "Could any of them have made it to this place using portal magic?" Lavinia was analyzing all the possibilities while examining the spell.
It wasnt as easy as just dropping a few drops of blood, and whoever had done it had sealed it in a complicated way.
Once again, she was amazed by Laziel's power.
Even though it took effort, he could still bypass the barrier.
"Or maybe it was one of the first De la Croix," Laziels low voice sounded behind her.
"My mother said they were very powerful. I don't think the descendants trapped in the realm of the elementals ever developed their magic to this level." And Lavinia agreed.
Magic had been banned among the elementals; even the witch who talked the most about portals in her diary and who had been the lover of that vampire couldnt pull it off.
Over the years, Lavinia had learned that to open a passage strong enough to connect parallel lands, sacrifices were neededlots of souls or a massive amount of magical energy.
---- "Drusilla or Electra de la Croix.
One of them, or maybe both, crossed into this wild continent using a portal and hid things behind this barrier...
but why?" after the fall of the De la Croix Feud, torn apart by my father's fury, Drusilla and Electra wandered together, humiliated and stripped of the power their family once had," Laziel shared what he once heard from the vampire prince.
"Uncle Zarek, when he was young, even stole a spellbook from Drusilla, but he said he never heard of the De la Croix sisters again, "he told her.
"Drusilla must have been full of resentment against the royal family.
And who knows what became of Electra after being possessed by your mother," Lavinia responded without stopping her analysis of the spell.
"['ll open it for you.
I just need about half an hour..." "No, no, I'll do it," she stopped her mate when he tried to help her.
"T have a feeling there are more secrets hidden in this spell, but only a descendant can uncover them.
Give me alittle time, I can figure it out." Right after saying that, Lavinia's waist was grabbed, and she found herself sitting on the ground on her partners crossed legs.
Her ass fit perfectly against her man's crotch, ---- Her back pressed against his hard chest, and Laziels soft breathing fanned her sensitive neck. "T could have sat down on my own," Lavinia grumbled, but secretly she was loving the way he caressed her waist.
"Just so youre not uncomfortable against the hard ground," the raspy voice whispered in her ear.
"Yeah, right, way better to sit on your hard dick, huh? So much comtfier..." and if you keep grinding like that, trust me, it could get even harder..." Lavinia shivered, trying not to give in to temptation she was supposed to be working seriously! "I think P've been completely scammed.
I should have talked more with your mom about the secret personality of the King of the Specters," she clicked her tongue, pretending to ignore him.
But deep down, her heart was secretly thrilled to be the only one who could enjoy this sensual, seductive Laziel.
He was hers, and hers alone.
She leaned back into her mates body as her magic expanded, trying to break into the labyrinth of runes and enchantments.
###Chapter 1080
---- The Nocturne leaned against the wall and closed his eyes like a lazy beast; his arms never stopped hugging the small body he heldhis ---- precious treasure.
Darkness closed in around them, and slowly, the mechanism behind the sealed door started to turn like tiny gears being guided into place.
A dense shadow, full of hatred and grudges, stared from the other side where Lavinia was trying to reach.
A specter so macabre that even Laziel hadnt detected it yet.
The mist swirled around it from its excitement, revealing hidden features: short black hair, hollow sockets glowing with a deep green light.
"Its moment was coming...
another De la Croix witch was unlocking its prison." eke Far away from the royal palace, Lyra had come up with her best strategy...
but now she had a problem. "No.
I don't want you to do that," Drakkar was being stubborn, holding her arm so tightly he was about to leave marks on her skin.
"Babe, its nothing, ve done it before.
Its a bit...
unpleasant, but I'll be back before you even blink," she explained again how she planned to use her brothers specter to send a message to Memento.
---- Not just anyone could do it, but even though Lyra wasn't a sorceress, she had Silas and Laziels blood.
"No Lyra, no...
I...
I'm scared you won't come back," he confessed, looking into her eyes with those midnight orbs.
Lyra felt defeated.
So what now? "] was thinking maybe that priest could give us some proof or clue so that his son, the Beta, would believe us.
How are we going to do this if I can't even contact Nana?" Lyra frowned.
"We're running out of time, Drakkar!" But Drakkar wasnt just a savage because of his loinclothno way was his woman going to jump into that black thing and vanish into nothingness...
not without him.
"You want to see that Beta? I can take you there..." "What?" And without much time to react, Drakkars entire body started shifting, merging into the war form of Khalum, who to Lyra looked like an incredibly powerful Lycan.
"Baby, I know its night, but still...
won't people see you like that? You're... little too much," Lyra huffed, feeling like this plan was turning into a mess.
"No, I'll figure it out.
No ones gonna hurt my mate." ---- Khalum lowered his huge, furry hands to scoop her up carefully, Lyra looked like a delicate porcelain doll tucked into his black and white fluffy fur.
She snuggled up happily, burying her nose in the honeysuckle scent that drove them wild.
"'See how reliable my mate is? I love his war form," Aztoria moaned inside Lyras mind as Khalum slipped away with agile steps.
He was a nighttime shadow gliding like the wind, despite his enormous size.
He protected Lyra from sharp branches and leaves, sniffing and watching the distance toward the palisadeway farther than any regular wolf could reach.
But it was becoming more and more obvious: Khalum was anything but ordinary, and that night, he just kept blowing Lyras expectations away.
###Chapter 1081
---- 85.
I HAVE BEEN WAITING FOR MILLENNIA.
NARRATOR Aztoria was looking at her mate with little stars in her eyes.
Even Khalums fart seemed like the best-smelling thing in the jungle to.
her.
Mmm, so manly...
I think for the next heat, I'll let him do me in' war mode', so he can really hammer me in deep." Lyra felt embarrassed by her wolfs dirty thoughts.
"shouldn't you be helping him scout the area?" "For what? If things get ugly, my man will eat all those little wannabe warriors alive." Khalums chest puffed out even more when he heard that. That little wolf girl had earned herself a good pounding once they were safe Lyra couldnt believe how their animal sides were flirting like this in the middle of such danger.
And even Drakkar agreed with Khalums primitive instincts...
this was insane.
"Let's go through there.
Lyra, hold on tight, Im gonna jump." ---- "Khalum, no, no, baby, wait, thats the beasts pit, they could attack you! We don't even know whats really in there!" Lyra and Aztoria suddenly got nervous.
It was okay to be reckless, but not totally crazy.
rust Khalum, Lyra, he has a feeling," Aztoria said.
With those words, there was no time for more negotiations.
"Wait, baby...
Aaaaahhh!" Lyra clung to her beasts huge chest like a baby as he launched himself from the thick branches of the trees.
Under the moonlight, his powerful figure soared over the ravine that marked the boundary of that area, crossed the sharp stakes of the high palisade, and landed firmly and safely on the other side.
His arm was always wrapped protectively around Lyra.
She thought Khalum would make a huge crash when he landed, but the pads of his paws barely made a sound on the earth and hay.
Lyra was amazedand the surprises kept coming, aztoria, stay sharp!" she immediately warned her wolf, feeling danger all around them.
---- Inside the spacious pen, predatory creatures were rising, baring their sharp teeth and hissing threats.
They were getting surrounded, with red eyes watching them hungrily from the shadows.
But Khalum wasnt scared at all. He marched right through the middle of the corral, growling low, flashing just enough teeth.
"anyone who gets close dies," said the aura around him, radiating that of a supreme predator.
When Lyra saw one of those beasts just a few feet away, they suddenly began to back off.
Tense and alert in Khalums arms, she watched them retreat into the shadows, bowing their heads as the wolf walked among them.
Khalum gave them deadly, fierce, dominant stareslike a King ruling this wild continent.
In the end, they left the pen without a scratch, ripping the locks and chains off, and even closing the door behind them cool and fresh asa lettuce.
"What the hell just happened in there?" Even Aztoria was left with her mouth wide open.
"Did you see how badass your man is?" Khalum was full of swagger, diving back into the wooden structures.
###Chapter 1082
---- That side, being more isolated and supposedly safer, almost never had patrols.
"Way too badass, daddy, Im soaking wet..." "Ahem...
1 smell Nana in that direction," Lyra, the killjoy, cut off what was clearly about to become a very dirty conversation.
Khalum was definitely not as innocent and serious as Drakkar.
Lyra, theres a nasty smell of estrus," Drakkar muttered, frowning.
He didnt want his mate near a male in heat, but thank the gods it was clear that one was already bonded to Nana.
The Betas house had been built near a small wooded park that served as a perfect cover.
Since he was mating, he had ordered the warriors to keep their distance.
What William never imagined was that in the middle of his hot session, just as he was about to shove it back into Nana, the main door to the room would swing wide open.
"What the fuck?!" they both jumped in bed.
"Nana, stay in the room, dont come out!" ---- The Beta rushed out, barely covering himself with some furs around his waist.
He stepped into the room and was shocked to see a creature he could only describe with one title: "The... the Wolf King..." Williams eyes widened as he saw Khalum, who didnt even fit through the doorway, busting the frame and bumping his head on the ceiling.
His father had been a Priest.
William had once seen the secret scroll that revealed the true form of the Wolf King...
and this...
this was the Wolf King almost no one had seen in person.
He froze.
What was he supposed to do? Kneel? But his fernale was still inside, and King or not, he would defend his woman.
"Dont be afraid, Beta William, its me," Finally, the males eyes caught the small female well protected among the layers of muscle and fur.
It was the healer from Nanas pack.
What the hell did this mean? "Lyral"" Nana peeked out from behind her mates back, confused.
"Its me.
We need to talk.
Sorry for...
well, interrupting," Lyra ---- blushed.
She'd told Drakkar and Khalum they should have made a less dramatic entrance.
They almost burst through the bedroom window and landed right in bed with them.
"shift back.
Now," she whispered to Khalum as he gently set her down.
"Beta William, I know we're strangers, and maybe you wont believe me, but youve been lied to by the Alphas son.
Your leader is dead, and his father, Priest Memento...
is in danger." William tensed, staring into the females silver eyes.
Just the day before, he would've doubted every word.
He would've never believed strangers over his own pack.
But seeing the creature behind the healer still watching him like a predator... his entire view of the world changed in an instant.
"Please, let us get dressed, and Ill meet you in the woods to talk," he askedand thats what they did.
That night, William realized just how badly hed been used by the Alphas son.
They began planning the takeover of the High South Pack for the next day.
---- sek "T got it, Laziel, I did it!" Lavinia exclaimed, jumping to her feet, slicing her hand open and watching her blood float in magical clots that fused with the moving runes.
Laziel stood up filled with pride, the hint of a smile on his cold lips...
until it froze the moment the foul energies burst from inside.
As the heavy door slowly creaked open with a chilling groan, a dark mist rushed out toward them, and Laziel instantly knew everything had changed.
He had never entered the passage Lavinia had just opened.
And worse...
something too dangerous, too ancient was waiting inside.
A specter born from the bitter soul of a De la Croix witch.
###Chapter 1083
---- 86.
THE RETURN OF THE DE LA CROIX SISTERS LAVINIA I was thrilled I had done it, something was pulling my magic inward, but the moment I stepped through the threshold, Laziels hand gripped my arm tightly.
Careful, theres an enemy lurking in the shadows.
I tensed at his warning.
My sharp eyes scanned the mist beyond the barrier, sensing an intense malice, but I assumed it came from all the dark energy gathered inside.
When I opened it before, the door never led to this place.
Come, stay close to me. Our hands intertwined, and Laziel led the way.
No matter what was in there, we had to face it, because I had a feeling it was the key to getting us home.
As we stepped into another hallway shrouded in mist, barely able to make out our silhouettes, the door slammed shut behind us.
My heart skipped a beat.
What the hell was hiding in here? Dont be afraid.
I'll never let anyone hurt you.
His dangerous yet protective voice echoed in my mind, bringing me comfort.
---- My fingers tightened around his.
It was truethe prince of specters was now my lover.
The corridor felt endless, oppressive, like the walls could suddenly collapse on us.
Finally, we saw the light and entered a broader chamber carved deep into the earth.
Darkness swirled in the corners, and the only thing illuminated by a supernatural light was a chair in the center of the cavern, like a throne.
And on it...
a woman.
How is she preserved like that? Is she like Zareks undead? I stared at her, amazed If it werent for the thick layer of dust and the gray, withered skin, I wouldve sworn she was just sleeping.
No, shes dead. Look at her neck.
Thats when I noticed the deep slash around her throat.
Her right hand hung lifelessly over the armrest, and the other...
was gone, cut clean off.
1 On the floor lay a dagger, blackened by dried blood Did she...
kill herself? I murmured, walking along the path of glowing stones that led to the center, to that mysterious woman.
There was something oddly familiar about her...
###Chapter 1084
---- She's Drusilla de la Croix.
My mother was the one who cut off her arm.
Laziels voice came from behind me, but I was too obsessed with touching her.
Something was pulling my body toward the sorceress, her eyes shut and head bowed.
Her hair was a tangled mess of gray and black, falling long and straight, covering part of her dress.
I didnt notice the atmosphere changing around us, nor the moment Laziel could no longer follow me, nor even hear his warning in my head...
I had to know...
What do you want to show me? Tell me...
what is it? Less than a meter away, looking up at the seat above the steps, I reached out to touch the corpse of the woman who was my ancestor. Tell me! What do you want from me?! The moment my fingers closed around her cold hand, the spell waiting for another De la Croix was triggered.
With a deathly gasp, her whole body trembled, and her head shot up, freezing my soul.
She opened her eyestwo hollow voids staring at me from a shriveled, wrinkled face that was once beautiful.
---- My vision shifted instantly, and the spell dragged me to another place...
to a past that now unfolded before my eyes: ?Aaajj, I gasped for air, falling into the illusion.
Laziel? Laziel! I turned my head, searching for him everywhere, yelling his name as I stood ina hallway.
It looked like King Aldrics castle, the Lycan king, but something felt...
off.
Viktor, you fucking traitor...! Aroar made me shiver and look back, fear gripping my chest.
Iran toward the noise, it sounded like Zareks voice.
Had he come back? But when I reached a half-open door, what I saw inside chilled my blood.
A brutal, deadly fight, with lycans snarling and lunging at the dark prince.
ZAREK, WATCH OUT! I screamed, trying to run to him, but a crowd was rushing to the exit.
Crying and screaming, their naked bodies marked and wounded, helping each other...
they were elementals.
---- They ran through me like I was a ghost, and I understood I couldnt change anythingI was just a witness to the slaughter.
The walls, floor, and ceiling trembled.
The army of the undead was fighting to protect their master...
the lycans began to fall, and the hall turned crimson.
I remembered this moment from the stories I'd heard. It was when Zarek discovered Viktors betrayal, the leader of the lycans.
I couldnt look away.
It was a distant memory...
but I was feeling it in the flesh.
Then my eyes shifted to the side, behind a column, and I saw them.
Two women trembling in hiding, with black hair, and I recognized one of themit was the one sitting on that throne, but younger and beautiful.
Her panicked gaze locked onto mine, and I stepped back.
It was like she had seen me...
but then her eyes went back to the battle.
What were the De la Croix sisters doing, hiding in Viktors palace 
###Chapter 1085
---- 87.
THE DEATH OF ELECTRA LAVINIA ?The lycans started to flee when Zarek took their leaders head, and those witches ran too.
1 followed them through the hallways to the stables, like a shadow spying on their lives.
Help...
me...
At the horses, they came across a wounded lycan hiding in a corner.
Your father Viktor is dead, and your older brother probably is too, Drusilla told him coldly. Theres no more lycan territory, your race is doomed.
Electra stayed silent beside her, her eyes lowered, wandering like she was lost.
PIL.
be your slave...
I'ma strong lycan...
Ibe loyal...
to you...
The ground trembled, loud rumblings echoed nearby.
The dead were hunting for survivors.
Everything happened fast.
I saw them ride off with that man, heading into the forest, fleeing the pursuit.
There seemed to be no safe place from Zareks fury in this world wrecked by Umbross destruction.
---- But the De la Croix sisters held a well-guarded secretor rather, Drusilla had learned many tricks from the magic book she no longer possessed.
Are you sure this is going to work? Viktors son was still weak, but he had become Drusillas lackey.
Still, I could see it when she wasnt lookingthe calculations in his eyes.
Apparently, the lycans had sheltered the De la Croix sisters, and it was Drusilla who planted the seed of greed toward the elementals in Viktors mind, their first leader. I saw this womans cruelty firsthand, and I felt ashamed of my origins.
This plan has to work because theyre already onto us.
Zarek won't forgive us, especially not if he finds out I saved you! Drusilla screamed at him, painting blood runes on the withered ground with her only available hand.
Next to her, Electra worked in silence.
Ihad figured it outthe other De la Croix sister hadnt just been affected by mental control.
Drusilla had also enchanted her to make her obedient.
Nyx told me the Book of Risorgimento held many macabre spells, and it looked like Drusilla had memorized some of the worst.
###Chapter 1086
---- Electra, get ready to recite the portal spell! Eryon, hold on to me, dont let go! Drusilla commanded everyoneshe owned their wills.
I saw them invoke the same magic I used, but they were powerful, some of the first witches, ancient ones from when the world was full of energy in the air.
A dark vortex formed above their heads, a devouring whirlwind just like the one that had swallowed us atop the mountain.
1 felt the magical currents pulling my incorporeal body and was blown upward, that awful sensation of vertigo and chaos.
Eryon passed beside me, roaring, and crossed through the rift.
But something went wrong after he escaped... the portal was unstable and closing.
No, no!...
Electra, you useless bitch, you need to give more of your elemental energy, more! Drusilla screamed in the middle of the chaos, the gusts of wind shaking the tree branches violently and giving away their position.
They'd be found soon and wouldn't be able to escape.
You wanted this, Electra! You forced me into this! Then I saw it happen.
Electra suddenly snapped out of Drusillas controlthe spell broken when Drusilla could no longer handle ---- the sheer amount of magic needed to escape through the portal.
DAMN YOU, DRUSILLA! The scream of hatred shook the skies, bolts of lightning rained down on the dark forest.
They fought like two maniacs, but in the end, Drusilla was the one who won despite her disability.
Electras long slumber had taken its toll on her mind and body.
I still dont know how they managed to stay together so long, with so much hatred and resentment between them.
The traitorous dagger was driven into the younger De la Croix sisters chest, her bloody hands clutched Drusillas shoulders, and her mouth moved in whispers, cursing her for all eternity Drusilla wasted no time with a dying woman; the death of such a powerful witch could help her gather more arcane energy.
She used the surge of power from her sisters corpse to stabilize the portal and crossed through to a different continent. My eyes looked backI dont know whybut suddenly, I felt pity for Electra.
Everything had been taken from her.
Most of all, the control over her own body and choices.
Until the end, Drusilla kept her under a spell, taking advantage of her shattered mind from the possession, turning her into nothing ---- more than a servant with magic, following her like a pet.
Electras body lay on the cold earth under the rain that had started to cry from the sky, but a black shadow rose...
and I swear it slipped into the vortex before it closed.? 
###Chapter 1087
---- 88.
A MAN OF WINTER LAVINIA ?My world spun endlessly, maybe it was just an illusion, but I felt everything on the surface of my skin.
1 fell into a wild forest, next to Drusilla, and nearby was that lycan.
They were staring, just like me, from a hill overlooking the wild, backward continent where werewolves were only beginning to awaken to their consciousness.
They werent anything like the civilization left behindthey looked more primitive, more wolf than man, ignorant, like innocent childrenand the two outsiders took full advantage of that.
Drusilla and Eryon shared their knowledge, became idolized, wrapped themselves in a cloak of mystery and power, gaining control over this land.
I saw Eryon build his palace and proclaim himself Wolf King.
His lycan form intimidated the inhabitants of this realm, who hadn't yet evolved into that transformation.
Only the basic shifting form existed.
Drusilla became the first priestess, worshiped for her knowledge, which they saw as miraculous.
---- This part of the continent, where they had landed, developed faster than the rest of the land.
Time passed like clouds drifting across the sky.
The moon and sun went through many cycles, but those wretched souls were far from satisfied. They began plotting to build an army strong enough to return.
Exyon wanted to reclaim the lycan landshis greed knew no limits.
Drusilla hated the Selenians and the throne with every fiber of her being.
Both of them despised Zarek and anything tied to the royal bloodline.
But how could they open another portalespecially to move so many people? Drusilla never slept, always lost in thought, looking for a solution.
1 followed her through the halls in the cold hours before dawn.
Sometimes shed suddenly stop and look back, glancing around with madness flickering in her eyes.
Enough already, stop whispering in my mind, damn you! Youre dead...
[killed you...
I murdered you, Electra, and I shouldve done it sooner! I never shouldve taken you in or saved you from insanity! She roared at nothing, then ran and locked herself in her room.
But ---- behind her, I could see ita shadow taking shape, growing stronger, feeding on her madness and fears.
My own fears were growing too.
I felt like I had been trapped in these memories forever, desperate, with no way out...
One day, everything changed...
while digging to expand the castle, they found something too powerful.
My eyes flew open as I watched the landslide reveal a hole so deep and dark, it looked like it came from the center of the earth.
Something was moving down there.
Drusilla also leaned over the edge.
The gusts of elemental magic vibrated powerfully from the depths.
She closed her eyes, savoring the power, breathing in the energy, and stretched out her hand with a look full of greed and boundless desire.
Boom...
Boom...
Boom...
The pounding reached my ears, and when Drusilla managed to lift the veil of darkness, I witnessed the most magical, beautiful, and incredible thing of my life I didnt know whether to fall to my knees in gratitude or cry from the revelation.
A reddish, earthy layer moved like contracting muscle, ---- rhythmically, with dark veins sunk into the mountains guts.
It pulsed with magical energy that flowed across this entire continent...
a beating heart... a gift from some higher being to this realm.
Drusilla and Eryon realized it immediately if they seized such pure power, returning wouldnt be hard.
They could conquer every place they opened a portal to.
Drusilla learned how to steal magic from the heart...
over the years, she sharpened her skills, but the madness grew in a dark corner of her mind.
A vengeful specter followed her every step, just like me, watching the disaster that loomed ahead.
{ cant keep doing it...
the magic is too aggressive.
Its destroying my body, my mind, and my magical soul, I heard her confess to the Wolf King.
Sitting on his throne like a tyrant, unreachable and feared.
You cant stop now, you have to give me more power! He stood up roaring, and the walls shook.
Exyon was no longer the same lycan who had arrived in these lands.
He had evolvedin strength, in size, in ferocity, and in control over the others.
###Chapter 1088
---- cant you see my gray hair?! Look at my wrinkled hand, my organs are starting to fail.
I cant keep going alone! Then train others.
Take disciplesmore priests to learn how to steal the power and give it to me! He shifted on the spot into his lycan form, and I took a step back, just like Drusilla.
I could feel the fear she was experiencing.
The Wolf King nearly reached the ceiling and grabbed the witchs arm roughly, dragging her out to a terrace.
Let go of me! What the hell are you trying to do?! Look what I discovered, Drusilla.
Behold the true power of an invincible being! Exyon roared into the jungle behind the palace, and the trees immediately trembled.
The sound of paws came in a stampede. The roars of those massive predators grew louder as they approached.
Like the De la Croix witch, I was speechless at the reach of that elemental magic.
The animals crowded at the mountains baseall kinds of wild ---- eyes fixed on Exyon, looking like loyal fanatics.
Bow before your creator! he roared, and as if those beasts truly had consciousness, they lowered their heads and folded their legs.
Drusillas mouth hung openand so did mine.
This was insane.
What kind of magic could do this? Control beasts, werewolves, all life on this continent? I couldnt believe it.
Something massive must have happened, because thankfully, things in the present werent like this anymore.
I kept watching as a witness from the past.
The theft continued, even if De la Croix didnt want it.
She became aslave to the Wolf King, intimidated and threatened.
Forced to drain the power from the Beasts Heart until she lost the healthy color of her skin, the shine in her eyes, and her eternal youth.
Drusilla tried to escape Eryons control, to open another portal with the little magic he allowed her to keep just so he could control her.
She plotted in secret, until she finally managed it.
I saw her hidden in the forest under a new moon, disheveled and hunched over, afraid of being discovered by Exyon.
---- Her lips curled into a smile when she saw the energy vortex appear, but her hopes were short-lived.
A chilling frost burst out from the depths of the portal, snowflakes dancing in the air, and before she could go through, someone came through from the other side.
Drusilla took a step back, trembling in fear and cold. Who are you?! she cried, summoning what little arcane energy she had, staring in panic at the silver-haired man with piercing blue eyes who had crossed into this continent from another realm.
Behind him, a beautiful blonde woman stood by his side, and a massive wolf that looked like it had been spat out from pure ice emerged from the vortex.
Dont be afraid, we're not hostile.
We tried to open a passage at the same time you did, and our energies synced, the man said with a magnetic voice.
His features were handsome, sharp, hypnotizing.
My name is Aidan Walker.
Im a Winter Man, and this is my companion, Isabella.
May I ask...
what is this realm called 
###Chapter 1089
---- 89.
COVETING ANOTHER MAN'S WOMAN LAVINIA ?I was just as stunned as Drusilla, but of course, if we could cross into other spaces and worlds, then it made sense that others could access this continent too.
I got to know the Alpha prince through those lost memories.
He was such a strange character.
Even though he was a werewolf, he could wield ice magic and even shape it into that wolf that always followed him around.
His mate came with him, along with a group of creatures that were just way too weird and dangerous.
There were four of them, a male with his female and two pups, massive things, covered in black scales like some kind of impenetrable armor.
They were absolutely terrifying, but Aidan Walker handled them like they were puppies. Drusilla invited them to the palace as distinguished guests.
Im sure she sawa chance to play nice and escape with them to their realm of werewolves and sorcerers.
But she never imagined she was actually inviting disaster to her doorstep.
---- When the Wolf King met Isabella, the sorceress mate of the ice prince, he became obsessed with her.
"What?! Are you insane?! That man is crazy powerful, and not just because of those beasts he controls.
Have you seen his magic?! Hes way too dominant!" Drusilla looked horrified when the Wolf King confessed he felt Isabella was his mate.
But she was already mated to Aidan, so of course, she didnt even look at him.
"You have to help me, Drusilla.
Dont forget you're still alive because of my mercy! I already have your apprentices extracting powerI dont need you like before!" And Drusilla had no choice but to bow her head and swallow her hatred in silence.
She was trapped by her own decisions, and Eryon had already forgotten who had saved him from Zareks claws in the first place.
Off to the side, sighing with pity, I watched the traps being set for those kind travelers who had only come to this world out of curiosity.
Drusilla kept Aidan back one day to talk about magic, but really, she was just separating him from his mate and leading him into a trap.
---- Isabella went for a walk with those gigantic guardians they called Drakmor.
Almost ten feet tall, with razor-sharp teeth, massive claws, and several red eyes scanning the surroundings with full attention.
No predator in this world was stronger than them.
But they never imagined the Wolf King could control beastsand those Drakmor werent an exception. My awareness was split between the two...
my heart was pounding like crazy, something big was coming...
"What the hell is this, De la Croix?!" Prince Aidan roared at Drusilla, trapped by a powerful spell deep inside the castle, in the place where her priests extracted magic.
"Pm sorry, Aidan Walker! The Wolf King is forcing us! Hes holding us prisoner!" Drusilla screamed, pretending to be the victim.
Her lies were half-truths.
She had learned over the years to always keep a backup plan.
The chants rose, and runes lit up around the powerful wolfs feet, but he hadnt even shown them a fraction of his true power.
###Chapter 1090
---- He roared, shaking the entire cave, letting himself be trapped by the boiling lava rising from the core of the earth.
Once it hardened ---- around him, it looked like it was all over.
Even Drusilla couldn't believe ithad she and just three apprentices really managed it? But the hardened lava started cracking, and a blinding blue glow burst through.
With a deafening explosion, shards of the spell flew through the air.
"Aaahhh!" one of the priests screamed as the icy shadow of a wolf pounced on him, ripping his throat apart.
Aidan was way too special. He didnt just have an Alpha wolf inside like any other werewolf.
His winter magic could take the form of another aggressive wolf, one with its own spirit and personality, "No, no, I swear they made me do it!" Drusilla was curled up on her knees, crying and begging for mercy while the massive warrior aimed an ice spear at her.
Blue tattoos vibrated on Aidans strong muscles.
"Twas generous with you! I shared my knowledge, and this is how you repay me?! WHY?!" While the ice wolf tore through the other apprentices, their master was just one breath away from dying.
"He wants your woman.
The Wolf King made us trap you so he ---- could keep her!" Drusilla confessed between sobs, and at that moment, Aidan doubled over in agony, clutching his chest like he wanted to rip it open.
"Isa...
bella..." he gasped, and even I felt itthe bond with his mate was breaking...
she was in serious danger.
Taking advantage of Aidans pain, and the fact that even his ice wolf was howling in confusion, Drusilla ran off down the cavern halls.
1 followed, but not to see what that cursed witch would do.
My spirit surged forward, drawn by the presence of the sorceress... of Isabella.
When I got there, I couldnt believe what I was seeing.
"You stupid bastard! I told you to kill those freaks! You shouldve obeyed me! Look what you did to my woman!" That son of abitch Eryon had messed with the mind of the male Drakmor, making him turn on his own familyhis female and their pups.
The female must have stood up to him to protect the little ones, who were nowhere in sight.
She gave them time to escape their father's madness, but that day they lost their mother.
---- Her blood-soaked body lay lifeless on the grass stained with crimson.
In the violent struggle, Isabella had also been seriously wounded.? 
###Chapter 1091
---- 90.
THE WOLF KING'S PUNISHMENT LAVINIA, ?There were clear signs of the brutal fight all over the place.
Thunder and lightning struck down, sending scorched sparks flying across the grass.
They hit Eryons body, but he was too powerful in his lycan form.
He had almost absorbed all the power of the Beasts Heart.
This continent had lost its glow, and the magic that once danced in the air was now scarce. No, no, you cant die! Take my blood...
Stop fighting your mate already! She threw herself forward to hold the blonde, gasping against a tree, clutching her belly where blood was pouring out nonstop.
The claw wounds were so deep, you could almost see inside her.
I dropped to my knees beside her, even reaching out my hands.
Holy Goddess, I was desperate, torn up by how unfair this was.
But she just stared at Eryon, filled with hatred, and up close, I saw the vengeful glint in her eyes...
she was waiting for her moment.
---- When the Wolf King stepped closer to force her to drink, Isabella tore off some gloves shed been wearing and grabbed him by the temples, screaming like a warrior.
The lycans roar shook the skies, rattling my soul.
Her hands looked like they were sucking all the darkness out of the King, all his evil, but also the magic he had drained from the heart.
That seemed to be the power of that witchpulling dark magic out of living beings.
He fought to break free, but even with all his strength, he couldnt.
Isabella was controlling him, stripping away everything he had stolen from these lands, but at a price that was far too high. Above their heads, a dark mist of elemental power began to swirl in the air, like a shroud of life and death.
Isabella kept shouting curses, and her eyes turned completely black, her hands veined like spiderwebs.
It was too much magic to handle, even for a powerful witch.
Let go of him, Isabella! Just let him go...
YOURE GOING TO DIE! Troared, but they couldnt hear me...
I felt so helpless Blood started dripping from the corners of her mouth, and her body convulsed, her internal organs on the verge of exploding.
###Chapter 1092
---- When everything seemed lost, the world froze like a snowflake.
The temperature plummeted and an ice spear pierced Eryons chest.
from behind, finally breaking his connection with Isabella.
Aidan was possessed, unhinged.
Shaking against the trunk of a tree, I saw him fighting Eryon, who was already dazed.
His size began shrinking to what it was before, and the power from the heart floated above us like a shadowy cloud.
The forest was dying, the grass withered, and agonizing cries of animals echoed in the distance. AAAHHHH! Aidan lunged at the Wolf King, his entire body made of frost, baring the fangs of a wild beast as he tore into Eryon.
His ice wolf moved in sync with him in every attack.
T didnt kill her, your monster did...
I JUST WANTED TO SAVE HER! Exyon lied, now on his knees, arms dangling from their sockets, one eye blinded and bleeding, so torn up his internal organs were spilling from his belly.
{ dont even have the words to call you...
I dont have a curse dark enough for your soul! What you did to us...! You'll pay for it for all eternity! ---- Aidan chanted a cursed spell while staring at the man on the ground.
His tribal tattoos slithered off his body like blue venomous snakes and wrapped around Eryons legs, burning his skin alive as he screamed in agony.
I didnt know what it was, but one thing was certain: that spell was too wicked.
{GNACIO! the prince of ice roared, his blue eyes still glowing like frozen storms.
Eryon trembled uncontrollably as he felt the furious breath behind his neck.
He tried to command the creature to obey again, but he had already lost control of the Drakmor..
JUST KILL ME ALREADY, DO IT, FINISH ME! he begged Aidan for death, but his punishment was far from over.
AAAAA! he screamed as the executioner went for his head.
While that poor beast tore him apart piece by piece, Aidan ran toward his mate. Thats when I realized I had stayed by his side, feeling as terrified as if I were living it myself.
{sabella! he cried out desperately, scooping her into his arms.
---- Drink, take my blood...
no, dont speak, love, dont strain yourself, ...just feed.
He slashed his wrist deeply and pressed it to her mouth, again and again trying to heal her, begging her to use her own magic, but her light eyes only stared at him, obsessed.
Like she wanted to memorize his face and take it with her.
she was dying...
she had taken in too much of the Wolf Kings evil.? 
###Chapter 1093
---- 91.
THE LONELY PRINCE LAVINIA ?The ice wolf whimpered, licking her face, circling her, anxious.
I touched my cheek, suddenly wet.
I was crying, just like the tears falling from Aidan Walkers eyes.
His desperation struck me even in this tragic past.
You cant die, Bella, you promised you'd always stay with me! YOU PROMISED! he roared, pressing her to his chest, taking his own lifeblood and trying to give it to her mouth to mouth A kiss full of pain and agony. The power cloud expanded, covering the sun, killing all hope.
4...
'm sorry...
she could barely speak, crimson tears ran from her eyes as they began to close.
.., love you...
Aidan...
[love you, my...
prince...
The males sobs flooded the clearing, the sounds of flesh being torn from the dead Wolf King echoed in the background, but nothing could fix this tragedy.
The Alpha prince's roars of grief reached the ends of the realm as he clung to his mates body, and a snowstorm began to fall from the sky, like it, too, was mourning her loss.
---- When I thought everything was lost, and just before the witchs hand touched the grass to signal her death, Aidan began to sing to the wind with his eyes closed That ice wolf that had always been by his side leapt onto Isabellas body and glowed so brightly I had to cover my eyes even though it didnt actually hurt.
When I looked again, I saw something extraordinary. The sorceress lay inside a transparent ice coffin, her body preserved, her last breath and that frozen magic completely gone.
She had sacrificed herself to seal off the final thread of life from her mate.
When Aidan Walker finally lifted his head again, I saw it in his tormented eyeshe was no longer the carefree, warm man who had crossed into this continent out of curiosity.
His expression was that of someone who no longer gave a damn, colder than the snowflakes falling around him.
LET IT GO, IGNACIO, THERES NOTHING LEFT! YOU HEAR ME?! THERE'S NOTHING LEFT! He roared without mercy, but the poor creature refused to accept it and ran to lick his mates lifeless body.
He was the one who ended her, following that bastards orders.
###Chapter 1094
---- Aidan walked forward with determination and raised his hands to the sky.
His hair lifted with the windstorm, and his magic started wrapping around the scattered power of the heart.
It rose into the air, mingled with the clouds, and everything began to freeze.
I watched as the elemental energy was split apart, locked inside frozen blocks that shot off in all directions, with no clear path.
Aidan was imprisoning that magic so no one could ever use it again.
My eyes widened in awe.
Once again, I was stunned by this man of winterhow he dismembered the heart and hid it across the world.
I dont know how much time passed, only that snow covered my spirit and at some point, the storm stopped.
Aidan collapsed on the white ground, his magic finally drained, and dragged himself to his mates coffin to embrace it.
His beast also lay under the snow, next to the body of his female, guarding the pups that had come out of hiding. Goddess, this was so heartbreaking, I couldnt even crymy tears froze just like the Alpha princes heart had.
---- Aidan spent the night watching the pack near the castle, the werewolves who had no idea someone was deciding whether or not to wipe them off the face of the earth.
I knewit, I could feel it in his aurahe was thinking about destroying every last one of those miserable savages, this entire realm.
And yet...
the goodness still buried beneath his frozen layers finally won out in his soul.
The next day, he managed to leave.
He summoned a portal once he recovered.
He looked desperate to go backmaybe he hoped to find a solution in his homeland.
Through the vortex, I saw him disappear with his shattered family, some fragments of the Beasts Heart...
and for some reason, he took Eryons remains too.
I stood there, the cold breeze still blowing through my transparent hair, and before his broad back vanished completely, Aidan Walker looked back...
and I saw raw sorrow and regret deep in those blue eyes.
Aman who lost so much in an instant.
And me...
a witch trapped in the lives of others.
Thad no idea what to do.
Once again...
---- eK The Wolf King had died without anyone knowing of his fall, but his influence still lingeredhis name, the castle, and Drusilla.
Aidan was a compassionate man deep down.
It seems he believed her lies, that they were all forced by Eryon, and he let her live. That cockroach who just wouldnt die.
Aged by the very power she stole, she locked herself in the thrones quarters and went back to what she did best...
she tricked everyone into thinking she was the Wolf King.
She built a cloud of mystery and mysticism around the title.
Only one surviving priest knew her secrets and covered for herI imagined he was the one who later took her place and was killed by Laziel.
I dont know how many years passed.
Time here felt endless...
The desperation to leave was eating me alive, just like madness was breaking Drusillas sanity.
She managed to live far longer than she should've or deserved, but the specter behind her back tore her mind and will apart, piece by piece...
until it drove her to suicide? 
###Chapter 1095
---- 92.
A PACT WITH DARKNESS, LAVINIA ?She spent her last days in rags, rambling, talking to herself with Electra, screaming at her, fighting with a shadow.
Insilence, she ordered that door to be built, sealed the secrets of the dying heart beneath the castle, and erected her own tomb.
I saw myself walking that same path of polished stones, into that cavern, watching her sitting on that throne with a dagger in her hand.
go you've finally stopped hiding like a rat...
I gasped, stepping back when she lifted her head and fixed her eyes on me.
Could she actually see me now? But no...
Blectra, she added, and instantly, a spectral shadow passed through me from behind, sending a chilling shiver down my spine I saw it moving toward Drusilla.
It didnt look like the specters of Silas or Laziel, where the humanoid form was barely distinguishableno, this specter had evolved even further. Formed of dark mist, a beautiful woman appeared, with short hair and eyes filled with hatred and resentment.
---- She didnt speak a word, just stared at the scene like I did.
you think you'll be free when I die?! Hahaha! Drusilla began laughing like a lunatic.
Tm going to die, yes! But youre staying locked in here with me, sister...
together forever, dear Electra...
she taunted.
Only another De la Croix can unlock this place, and guess what? Therell be no one left! Hahaha! She raised her hand, trembling with the dagger in her grip, crying and laughing at the act she was about to commit against her own life.
Leven sawher hesitate at the very last second, but it was already too late.
Electras specter appeared beside her with blinding speed, her sharp black-nailed hand grabbing Drusillas wrist and forcing the blade across her throat.
Drusilla De la Croixs bulging eyes widened in agony as the blade carved slowly and deeply through her neck.
Talmost turned my face awayit looked like the whole scene had dropped into slow motion.
Electras eyes shone bright black and green, grinning wickedly as she forced Drusilla to die.
---- She didnt care about being trapped in this place for centuries if it meant ending that damn bitch.
She had waited patiently, and her moment had come.
With a splash of blood and a silent scream, my ancestors hollow eyes stared into mine before her hand fell, dropping the dagger to the floor, and her body remained frozen in the same position we later found it in.
1 thought that was the end...
I figured without Drusilla, the illusion of memories would vanish.
But I was wrong.? The one who showed me all of this wasnt Drusilla De la Croixit was that spectral being now walking toward me. T know you can see me.
What do you want from me, Electra? I spoke when she was less than a meter away.
Her trail of dark power was thick, suffocating.
She opened her mouth, but I couldnt hear a thing.
Laziel could hear his spectershe told me their voices were horrible, that they never let him sleep, but they belonged to him.
{ cant hear you, Electra...
I dont know what you want from me...
Why did you trap me in those memories? 1 frowned in confusion, and in a blink, she had her arm stretched out, about to touch my chest, where my heart thudded erratically.
###Chapter 1096
---- Iwanted to step backIll admit, I was scaredbut there was no time.
Yet, inches from my soul, a white hand grabbed her wrist firmly.
Game's over, Laziels voice came from behind me, and right away, I felt his presence soothing my frayed nerves.
Electra withdrew her spectral arm with a low hiss of pain.
Laziels hand didnt flinch, even while touching that corrosive energy.
Lavi, dont be afraid.
Ive always been watching over your body, he said softly, and I sighed with relief.
She showed me everything that happened in this continent... and it was awful...
I said, still staring at Electra.
What does she want from me? I asked again.
She wants to make a pact with you, Laziel replied, catching me off guard.
She...
wants to become my specter? Like how you control yours, or how Silas handled those souls? I couldn't believe it.
Even with all her failures, Electras magic was incredible, she had been a powerful witch.
---- And now...
she wanted to give all that to me? Lavinia...
you need to understand, specters arent pets...
he turned me toward him and looked straight into my eyes.
Chills ran down my spine from the seriousness in his expression They grant you their power, but in exchange, they demand a part of your soul, your humanity, the life they want to live through you, he said, tightening his grip on my arms, The moment you falter, the second she sees weakness in you, she'll try to take over.
Do you think you're strong enough to contain all the hatred and dark power of Electra De la Croix? I didnt know what to say at first.
1 turned to see her, still standing in the same spot, waiting, If I accepted her, Id reach a level that few witches ever achieved but was I ready for the consequences? I dont know why, but the image of Aidan and his mates death crossed my mind He was so powerful...
and even he couldnt protect her.
I want to be strong enough to protect my love, not always depend on him.
as long as youre with me...
Im not afraid of anything... 1 whispered, intertwining my fingers with the hand of the man who had slipped under my skin.
---- Until my last breath, I'll be watching over your every step.
I closed my eyes, my soul vibrating in tune with my spectral prince.
The trembling fingers of my other hand...
began to reach toward the darkness.
wee On the other side of the Continent, things were about to spiral out of control.
How dare you challenge your leader, William?! Yow're not the Alpha yet! Show us the Alpha or my father, the Priest...
GIVE US PROOF YOURE NOT LYING! Surrounded by the angry crowd and the warriors stirred up by Beta William, the traitor of the Southern High Pack looked cornered.
###Chapter 1097
---- 93. THE FALL OF A LIAR NARRATOR "Here's the priest, so you can see I'm not lying!" Wallace, the Alpha's son, pointed behind him, where a weary Memento was making his entrance. surrounded by loyal warriors, he climbed the steps with great effort. His tired, hopeless eyes immediately searched the crowd for William. If his son was safe, then at least it had been worth holding on. "Father!" William ignored all protocols and started heading up the wooden stairs to the stage.
"stop him!" Wallace ordered. "The priest is performing a very dangerous spell to recover the Alpha's health, no one can touch him! Tell them, priest!" He turned his head and shot Memento a look full of veiled threats. some guards started moving around William. 'Memento was at a crossroads. He knew perfectly well that once he gave Wallace the power and died, Wallace would get rid of William as Beta anyway.
---- But right now, even though the Beta had his loyal men, the whole pack still leaned toward the Alpha's son and believed his lies. "What Wallace says is..." "Dad, tell the truth! I know you're lying, they've threatened you!" In the middle of his chaotic thoughts, William's voice slipped into the priests mind. 'Those green eyes, full of agony and shock, looked straight at his only son. How did William find out the truth? "{ can't, pup! There's a spear pointed at your neck, son!
If I follow Wallace's will, I can at least buy you time to escape..." "Priest, we're waiting for your answer!" Wallace barked, getting impatient. Where the hell had Beta William gotten the info to publicly corner him like this? "Dad, trust me! We're not alone! The Wolf King... he's here, and he's on our side!" 'Memento's eyes widened as he subtly scanned the crowd... Where was he?
According to the ancient records, the King's form was different ---- from theirs-a two-legged beast, terrifying and unmatched. "What Wallace says about the Alpha's treatment ..!"" He looked at his son and prayed not to screw this up again. "A LIE!" He roared with all the strength he had left. "THE ALPHA IS DEAD, HE KILLED HIM!" he shouted, pointing at Wallace, unleashing all the hate he'd been holding. 
###Chapter 1098
---- The crowd exploded. "TREASON! How dare you lie just to destroy the Alpha's family and hand power to your Beta son?!" Despite the shock, Wallace quickly regained his cunning. "Guards, arrest the traitor William and his father!" Chaos erupted instantly, but before they could reach the Beta, he shifted into his massive gray wolf and leapt onto the stage. When the warriors tried to follow, a huge silver she-wolf jumped in front of them.
She growled, flashing her fangs and releasing her dominant aura, making them all step back. From among the confused crowd, the former members of Fertile Valley snuck in from the market. Nana had used a permit William gave her to help them. ---- 'They shifted into their animal forms and formed a barrier beside Lyra. But they alone wouldn't be enough to stop so many trained warriors and the violent members of this territory that were already waking up.
Despite how fast everything happened, when William leapt onto the stage, he was already surrounded by soldiers, and his father was in Wallace's hands. "Did you think that trash you brought would intimidate me?" Wallace growled, his eyes sharp and threatening. 'The sharp knife pointed right at the old man's neck. "Let my father go, this is between you and me!" "T don't negotiate with traitors!" Wallace snarled, then leaned into the priest's ear. "You're gonna pay dearly for this stupidity...
Arrest the Beta!" "NO, WILLIAM!" Memento kept screwing everything up. He hadn't made a single good choice, and now all his sacrifice would be for nothing. Or so he thought... In the blink of an eye, the warriors rushing at William felt a crushing aura that made them freeze. ---- They looked behind Wallace in horror... and so did the entire pack. Amassive form was rising behind the would-be Alpha-a powerful black-and-white lycan that stared at him like the shadow of death.
Wallace started sweating cold and even trembling. What the hell was behind him that made him feel so fucking doomed? He didn't even dare to turn around. "TP'lL kill him! Stop with the tricks, William! Don't fuck with me!" He tried to push the knife further -Memento was his only ticket out now. But something grabbed his wrist with icy, agonizing force. When he looked at the misty clawed hand holding him and turned to see the faceless black void of the specter, Wallace pissed his pants.
"ahhh!" he screamed, dropping the weapon and shoving Memento aside to escape, but there was no salvation left. Khalum grabbed him by the neck with just two fingers and began lifting him into the air. 
###Chapter 1099
---- 94. THE ORIGIN OF DRAKKAR NARRATOR Right away, Wallace's face started turning red, then purple. His feet kicked in the air, and he didn't even manage to shift into his wolf. He was spun around, forced to look at the creature that was now his executioner... and he knew there was no escape. Eyes wide open, choking and twitching uncontrollably, the next Alpha was strangled without mercy. Memento was still frozen in shock. "William... it's true... the King...
the King is here..." he mumbled in his son's arms. "Yeah, Dad. But he says he's not the King... there's some complicated stuff I don't understand," William replied, adjusting the kilt one of his men had handed him. Suddenly, the entire pack began to kneel. Who else, if not the King, could look so damn powerful? Khalum had a splitting headache. He tossed the lifeless body of that idiot aside and checked to make ---- sure Lyra was okay. King or not, he didn't care.
He walked to his she-wolf and scooped her up in his arms. Curious eyes peeked at him from every corner. "Take us to the crystal." Lyra said it mentally to William. "Father, they need to go..." "1 know, I know... that power... come, come... oh, wait..." Memento motioned for them to hold on. He stood in the center of the stage and revealed the whole truth. "Choose several witnesses to come with me and see where the Alpha is!
1'll lift the spell and you'll feel the absence of his power in the pack!" Memento declared. "wallace murdered his father and held me prisoner, threatening my son's life so I wouldn't reveal the truth!" 'The Wolf King's presence alone was enough to silence those still doubting. Even so, they picked their witnesses. With firm steps, Memento led five of the most respected figures of ---- their people through the secret tunnels. 
###Chapter 1100
---- William stayed behind, keeping order in the plaza. Inside the mansion, Drakkar shifted back to his human form, and so did Lyra, slipping into the clothes offered by the omega maids. Everyone trembled with their heads down around them. 'The Wolf King in their pack... What an honor. When they reached the first cave, they found the former Alpha's tomb, and as soon as Memento erased the runes, everyone instantly felt the void of leadership in the pack.
"Wallace forced me to do it..." No one dared to blame him. "Master!" the poor apprentice came out shivering, crying with joy at finally being free. "Watch over this place. No one gets through," he told him, then moved on to the final tunnel that led to the frozen cave. "This is the place..." he said, pointing at the massive block of ice. "y feel it calling me," Drakkar said, placing a hand on his chest as he watched the shadow of power moving under the icy layer, like it was alive.
"You can't get that close!" "Let him, He can," Lyra stopped Memento as Drakkar approached ---- the ice that was rippling on the surface. Tt was just like last time. "Get out, it's too dangerous, you could die," she told him, and Memento nodded. He knew his limits. Lyra painted the runes around him, and when the bright light signaled that Drakkar was absorbing more magic, she helped him however she could.
She watched him merge with the crystal and chanted the spell Gertrudis had taught her-the same one Memento used. 'The temperature dropped. Stalactites on the ceiling vibrated, ready to fall like deadly traps. Inside the ice, that dark shadow clung to the lycan's massive body, making him even more incredible, more powerful, more unstoppable. Suddenly, flashes of light burst out and a roar shook the cave walls. Lyra had to close her eyes, and in that moment, a vision hit her...
something unbelievable that Drakkar and Khalum were sharing with her. ?Ina dense jungle, a wild pregnant she-wolf had accidentally fallen into an underground cave. ---- Her legs were broken and bleeding, and the surrounding cold was deadly. she was dying, slowly, her and her pup... but in the midst of her desperation, instinct pushed her toward a large stone glowing in the darkness. It gave her warmth and energy... the ice around it melted, and she could drink.
Her wild animal heart didn't carry human darkness, just the pure desire to survive. And Lyra saw her. She managed to live there for several months, her belly growing with life inside. Wild wolves don't stay pregnant that long; yet she spent nearly nine months in that cave. But the glowing stone beside her kept getting smaller, dimmer. Without knowing it, the mother had been feeding on that elemental magic for her children. Right before giving birth, her legs healed, and with great effort, she found a way out and back to her old pack Still, they didn't welcome her back the way Lyra imagined? 
###Chapter 1101
---- 95. MEETING BETWEEN BROTHERS NARRATOR ?Her own Alpha mate sniffed her with disgust. Everyone stepped back, looking at her like she no longer belonged to their group. Banished, the she-wolf took refuge deep in the impenetrable jungle to give birth to her pups. Lyra could hear her whimpering in pain, extreme pain. Blood poured from her back legs, staining her white fur. 'There wasn't a litter. All that effort was to give life to just one pup.
And it was incredible: the moment that wolf pup left her body, it started shifting and became a human baby. Crying his lungs out, until his mother's warm licks cleaned his tiny body. That poor wolf didn't survive the birth. She left, in the middle of nowhere, in the middle of danger... a werewolf baby. How could it be, if she was a wild wolf?... Was it the power she absorbed that turned her pup into a werewolf?
Lyra had no doubt: that baby, the one no predator ever ate, the one found by the healer of Fertile Valley, was her mate. Drakkar? seb: ---- "Lyra..." 'The rough, hairy hand held her waist with the softest care, lifting her toward him. Lyra wrapped her arms around his thick, furry neck. Drakkar had grown even more muscular... he looked dangerous. "Are you okay?" he asked, knowing he now also understood where he came from. "Yeah, as long as you're by my side, nothing else matters.
I don't even want this weird power... I don't crave it. I just want to get stronger to protect you," his raspy voice confessed in her mind. "But Lyra, were my mother and father wild wolves? Am I from wild blood?" "Looks like it, baby. You shifted because of the power your mom. absorbed from that fragment. Maybe this is how the werewolf race began on this continent." They still didn't fully understand it. Why was it scattered everywhere? Who created it in the first place?
"I know where the other fragments are. I can feel them even stronger now. They're calling me to unite... What do we do, my love?" Khalum's voice asked her, his huge hand gently stroking her back. 
###Chapter 1102
---- "We'll find them. You can't run forever," Lyra replied with a slight frown. "Maybe when you recover all of it, we'll finally understand where that insane power comes from, the one that can turn wild wolves into werewolves." She had always thought their race was born from the Moon Goddess, but this world had different origins. Lyra could feel it-they were getting closer to the truth. So, they set off in search of it.
RE In the Southern High Pack, William was chosen as the new Alpha, officially elevated. And with him, his female became Luna. Nana believed she had finally found her place, bringing her people to join the new pack. But fate still had a few good surprises in store for her. Little Lorencita bawled her eyes out when it was time to say goodbye to Drakkar and Lyra, but the moment had come. "Thank you for welcoming me into your pack," Lyra bowed respectfully.
Despite the rocky beginning, they'd become special friends. ---- Drakkar, however, felt no sorrow. His home was Lyra, and he'd never felt like he belonged to Fertile Valley. see So, they set out in search of the remaining ice crystals. Some had already been found by other packs, while others were scattered deep in the jungle. Memento went with them to the other High Packs as a mediator, helping the other priests understand that the true owner had come to claim what was his.
No one even dared to resist especially not in front of Khalumn's war form. 'The priest eventually returned to his own territory, watching them disappear into the dense jungle. Their journey took nearly a month of adventures. Finally, the palace doors opened to welcome them. "Brother!" Lyra had just been led into the throne room with her mate. Laziel pulled back the annoying veil and dropped the whole " mysterious" act. Drakkar growled a little when he saw his mate hugging that handsome male.
---- He knew they were siblings, but he still didn't like the scent of another man on Lyra. "Lyra, you finally made it," was Laziel's "warm" response. "What?! You didn't even miss me alittle? Oh right, you were so. hey, babe, what are you-?!" Lyra pouted as her fur cloak was yanked from behind and she was pulled into a possessive embrace. "You must be Drakkar," Laziel said, totally unfazed by the warning flashing in the male's eyes. He was more than used to that sort of thing in his family.
In fact, he didn't want anyone near Lavinia either... who, by the way, was still hiding behind the throne. "Pm Drakkar. And you must be Laziel, the so-called 'Wolf King'," he growled through gritted teeth. "Easy, babe, that's my brother," Lyra whispered, feeling him sniffing at her neck. Men... seriously "That's me," Laziel answered as flat and neutral as he could. "Eeeeh, Lavinia, you plan to keep picking lint off that chair all day? " Lyra called out teasingly from across the room. 
###Chapter 1103
---- 96. SILAS IS NEAR NARRATOR "Lyra, sweetheart! I just thought I'd give the family reunion some space," she said as she moved in for a hug anyway. "But you're already family... not just a friend, right?" Lavinia nearly choked on her own smile, standing there like an idiot in front of Lyra and beside Laziel, who also looked secretly amused. "1... well, I'm sorry for... you know... Ugh, whatever!" she suddenly burst out, tired of pretending like some teenage girl caught in the act.
"I slept with your weird brother and I liked it so much we're mates! Happy now?" Everyone froze at Lavinia's outburst of truth, and Lyra had barely pushed her. Out of nowhere, a deep, magnetic laugh echoed through the hall- one that only she had ever heard before. "Holy shit... my brother can laugh? I've never even seen his teeth, not even when he was a baby!" Lyra was stunned. Drakkar, beside her, was just relieved they really were siblings. ---- 'That guy laughing like that...
was even more attractive. He better stay serious. And Lavinia... well, she covered her face with a groan. "Baby, enough," she whispered to Laziel, who wrapped an arm around her waist and kissed her hair. "sister, let me introduce you to my magical soul mate. Lavinia is mine," he said with a deep look into her eyes. "You can go pay Nyx now. You lost the bet." Lyra froze. Did Laziel really know about the bet they made about "Lazinia" becoming real? "Wait, wait...
what bet?" Lavinia already had a pretty good idea. "You bet I'd end up with your brother?! You guys are a joke... Lyra, don't you dare run!" the sorceress growled, chasing after her. Drakkar watched his mate bolt like a child. Lavinia really had a temper when pissed off! "Are they... always like little pups?" he asked his brother-in-law, because yeah, Laziel was officially his brother-in-law now. You have no idea, And there's still three more like those two. Come on, let's have a drink.
'll tell you about my father. See if you ---- survive... at least a week." 
###Chapter 1104
---- Even Drakkar paled. Deep down, he was nervous about Lyra's family... was her dad really worse than her brother? "Though Grandpa Aldric is nightmare level. Honestly, I'm already on your side," Laziel added as he walked off. 1 Drakkar stared at the door Lyra had just run through. "Don't stress. Right now, they're probably comparing the size of our cocks." 2 Drakkar immediately looked down at his loincloth. Was Lyra satisfied with his size? He frowned, following Laziel to his office.
Aman who loved silence, and a wild one who barely spoke... they'd get along better than expected. see Inno time, they had gathered all the information they'd found. The women's faces were filled with awe at fate's tangled web. "Nyx and Victoria aren't on this continent, I can confirm that now, " Laziel told them, everyone gathered in the library. ---- Lavinia sat on his lap, having already overcome her shyness around Lyra, who was also curled up with her mate.
"Drakkar absorbed all the power from the heart, even what was beneath this castle, but... he still feels something missing," Lyra said, as Drakkar nodded beside her. "The Winter Man, Aidan Walker, took it. I saw it in those memories. He has the rest of that power," Lavinia had already shared the details of those visions. "] still can't believe you created a dark domain where Electra De La Croix is!" Lyra frowned. "Well, I just hope the elders don't get mad...
your father is close," Lavinia said with a worried twist of her lips. "Dad?" she turned to Laziel, who nodded. "He reached out to me through one of the specters. They're very close, but they need help from this side to open the portal," he told her. "With Electra's power, I'm stronger. If you guys help me, I can open the breach from our side," Lavinia said with confidence in her eyes.
This continent had already been claimed by them, and the poor creatures living on it had no idea what was really going on. ---- Rumors were spreading in secret circles that the Wolf King had gone to the packs to reclaim his magic. The palace priests whispered among themselves, wondering when their majesty had left and what he was plotting now with those suspicious visitors-but who dared to question the monarch's moves? see One morning, like any other, Lavinia led them to where she felt the energy of a portal about to emerge. 
###Chapter 1105
---- 97. HELLO AGAIN, SIGRID NARRATOR Lavinia was now sharper and more powerful than ever. 'They left the palace in silence, leaving strict orders not to disturb the royal quarters under any circumstances. "] feel it deeper in the jungle," the sorceress told them, pointing toward a shadowy stretch under the massive trees. "There are extremely dangerous animals in there. 1'll go first," Drakkar said, immediately shifting into his war form. Lavinia secretly watched him in awe.
Despite what Lyra had told her, she had always believed Drakkar was some lost son of Eryon. After all, no one in this continent had ever evolved into a lycan on their own. But now that she was seeing him... they looked nothing alike. In fact, with all the power he had absorbed, Drakkar practically had to push trees out of the way just to keep walking. His steps left deep marks in the damp ground, his dominant, wild aura spreading for miles, scaring off every possible threat.
Even the beasts lowered their heads when he passed. He was more ---- incredible than Eryon ever was in his time. Because the "Beast's Heart" wasn't a corrupt power. What created evil was the rotten soul of the people who used it. Drakkar was a good wolf. wee 'They pushed forward nonstop until they reached a clearing where the air shimmered and magic felt like a dense gas you could breathe in. "It's here," they all felt it and began preparing the spell. "Lyra, I'll stay close to you!
You're not going anywhere without me!" Once again, fear gripped Drakkar's soul. "I would never leave without you, my love... never." Lyra stroked his beard, unaware that Drakkar's fears might soon become real. "Are we ready?" Lavinia asked, and both of them nodded. Forming a triangle with Lavinia at the head, they began reciting incantations. Well, at least the two of them did... Laziel didn't speak, not even for that.
The clouds above began to darken, just like Lavinia's hair, which ---- shortened to her chin. Her features became sharper, older... ghostly beautiful. Her eyes opened again, glowing a blinding green. The ancestral necklace around her neck vibrated. A black mist burst from her body, wrapping her skin, cloaking her in the power of her linked specter. Laziel didn't take his eyes off her, but everything was still under control.
Electra De La Croix was one of the most terrifyingly powerful specters he had ever seen. She had formed herself from rage and fury, trapped inside her own mind, just like those other specters were prisoners of cursed trees. Lyra was stunned by Lavinia's transformation but kept supporting her however she could. After all, she didn't have real magic like her brothers. "VALENOR AKHTAR NEMARION ESH TALVAR!"" The merged voices of Lavinia and Electra screamed into the storm above, and suddenly a lightning bolt struck the ground in front of them. 
###Chapter 1106
---- A swirling black vortex started to form, and from the other side emerged two massive hands, dark as night, with claws that could ---- rip off your head in a second. The hands stretched the portal wider, tearing open the breach between worlds. Winds howled violently, though this portal was more stable than the others had been. From this side, Laziel moved his fingers like a puppeteer, summoning more spectral hands from the ground to hold the portal open. 'The first to emerge was Sigrid.
She stepped through, her Selenian magic still flickering gold, and when she saw Electra standing there, pure hostility flared in her eyes. "YOU DAMNED ELECTRA! WHAT DID YOU DO TO OUR CHILDREN?! " she roared, ready to tear that ghost apart. What was she doing here, alive? And what did she have to do with the portal disaster?... That could wait. Before she could step forward, Laziel's shadow blocked her path. "Mother, calm your rage. That's Lavinia.
Electra is her contracted specter," he said with firm authority. But Sigrid's eyes widened in disbelief. She couldn't see Lavinia's shadow-only Electra smiling back at ---- her with a disturbingly calm smirk. "Hello, Sigrid. Long time no see," came the strange, hollow voice. " Looks like you finally tamed your villain." She added, glancing at the silver-haired man stepping through the vortex, placing himself protectively at Sigrid's back.
"Return to your cursed domain, De La Croix," Silas growled like she was one of his servants. No matter what, he was still the Specter King. He had healed from the past with all the love Sigrid gave him, but facing those memories still wasn't easy-even knowing Electra was long dead. "You're still as boring as ever... slave Silas," Electra replied with a trace of amusement. "You! Bitch witch, don't you call my mana slave!" Sigrid stepped forward, furious.
She'd be scolding these kids later-they really loved playing with fire. Electra's eyes glowed intensely. So much bitterness... she had forgotten what it felt like to provoke someone. Sigrid's face... such nostalgia... so many millennia had passed... ---- "see you around, Selenia... and thank you for the beautiful son you created," she added with a cryptic smile, glancing sideways at Laziel and driving Sigrid's rage even higher.
Lavinia's hand lifted and passed over her face, like removing a mask. Her body shifted again and the black mist vanished, taking Electra's power with it. "LAVINIA! What the hell have you gotten into now?!" Before she could say a word to Sigrid or Silas, her mother's voice came from the vortex too-making her freeze with anxiety. The clearing quickly became far too crowded. 
###Chapter 1107
---- 98. FAMILY MEETING NARRATOR "Mom, were you there too? Hehe... And Dad, did he come too?" Lavinia asked the busty brunette who came over like a mother hen to check on her She tried to break free from Laziel's arm wrapped around her waist, but he clung to her like glue, even though Sigrid was yelling at him hysterically while smothering him in kisses on his cold cheeks.
"yes, I'm here, Lavinia, And I see you didn't waste any time on your little 'trip'." Elliot's gruff voice echoed as he stepped into the vortex. His icy eyes locked on Laziel's hand around his daughter's waist. Lavinia wished she could open a hole in the ground and vanish... Could she summon a portal right now and disappear? Elliot snorted, glaring at the grandson of the King. He knew damn well that Nocturne had perverted thoughts about his Lavinia. They'd have words back at home.
While Katherine was checking her pup and Sigrid ran toward hers after smothering Laziel with kisses, Silas walked past his son. ---- "You did well taking care of the girls. I'm glad you finally had the guts to catch your light," he whispered in his mind, patting his arm before heading toward Lyra. Laziel twisted the corner of his mouth a little. Apparently, the whole family knew he and Lavinia had the hots for each other... except the two of them.
"Mommy, Daddy!" Lyra, on the other hand, was totally clingy and rushed to hug her parents. "You little rascal, your father's been running around nonstop trying to find you this whole time!" Sigrid started smacking her butt like she was a little girl. Didn't work with Laziel, but with Lyra, it sure did. Silas gently stroked her platinum hair, just like his own, not contradicting his mate, who was the one that had rested the least during all this time.
"Dad, save me, save me!" she cried, throwing her arms around his neck, but then remembered she now had someone even more reliable. "Babe, save me!" She tried to run to Drakkar, who was staring off to the side, trying to process all the things he was seeing and hearing. ---- Lyra's family was nuts. 1 He stretched his arms out to catch her, but his Lyra never made it to him. Silas had grabbed her by the collar of her blouse. "Youre gonna explain to me right now what this 'babe' thing is about.
And you, wild man-how dare you claim my daughter without our permission?" 'The temperature around them started to drop. Lyra gave her mom pleading eyes, but then. "You're corrupting my innocent Lavinia's mind! 1'll be speaking to your father and your grandfather, the King!" "Hey! Why isn't my son good enough for your daughter?!" Sigrid heard that and spun around to defend her precious "stiff Laziel." "Pm not abandoning Lyra!
I want to get along with her family, but if Ihave to fight for her...!" "SHUT THE FUCK UP, ALL OF YOU!!!" The Lycan King's roar made the sky tremble. They all turned to see the powerful redhead standing beside the small black-haired female, who looked relieved but also stern. "T leave you alone for one damn second and it doesn't matter what world, universe, realm or divine shit you're in... you just have to act like a bunch of lunatics!!" 
###Chapter 1108
---- Even Elliot got scolded. Valeria's voice trembled with emotion and rage "Get your asses into the damn portal! Come on, you've got your mom drained from using her magic, her blood pressure's through the roof and mine keeps rising every second!" she yelled, and they were actually more afraid of her than of Aldric. Queen Selenia was a very sweet woman... but terrifying when she was angry. "Laziel, are you sure your sister and Victoria aren't here?" Aldric asked his grandson.
It wasn't just them worrying about their granddaughter. Sigrid and Silas exchanged a look, shifting from joy back to concern. Zarek and Celine were devastated after hearing through the spirits that they had no news of their daughter. "She's not here, Grandpa. I've already searched this whole world," Laziel replied. "They're not here," Drakkar's deep voice confirmed. "I can feel every living thing on this continent.
There's no one else that smells like any of you." ---- Drakkar lifted his head, sniffing the air. Everyone was a bit shocked, even the Lycan King. Could he really sense the whole land? Not even he did that with his own realm. Drakkar confirmed their worst fear and took the opportunity to pull Lyra tightly to his chest and not let go. A dangerous specter was swirling behind him, but Sigrid gave her man a sharp look. "silas, chill. she's not a little girl anymore.
Look at the fool Elliot's making of himself with your own son. You gonna do the same thing your dad did to you?" Well, mentioning the old man earned her a point. 'The Specter King looked at Drakkar with less hostility now... He'd better not hurt his little she-wolf, or he'd be a Lycan without balls. "We'll sort everything out at home. Get in already, I'm scared we'll be stuck here," Valeria confessed, stepping aside. This time, the pups would go back first.
On the other side, the rune circle was glowing brightly, powered by the magic Selenia left behind Lavinia passed through with her parents and Laziel, just in case ---- they needed to stabilize the portal from the other side. There was so much power involved that-for once-they didn't get blown up. 'Then Sigrid crossed over, hugging Valeria. 'The twins stayed behind to protect the palace and the Nocturne realm, Katherine and Elliot's son standing guard before the Elementals.
If it were up to them, they would've all gone through, even Beof and Amara, but getting that many people across wasn't easy. "Welcome to my realm, Wolf King," Aldric said in a deep voice to the new member of the family. "We'll talk later about your relationship with my granddaughter." He added with a sharp tone. There would be time for him to pass "the test" to see if he was worthy of Lyra. "Pm not the Wolf King, just Drakkar," he replied, and Aldric immediately liked the simplicity of the man.
He stepped aside and Drakkar started moving forward, following Lyra's hand that led him home. He'd go wherever she went. But at the last second... ---- "Drakkar!" 
###Chapter 1109
---- 99. INSIDE THE WINTER PALACE NARRATOR Lyra roared as she felt him let go of her hand all of a sudden and was lifted into the air, landing with a dull thud on the grass. "LYRA!" he roared, clutching his chest where he was bleeding. It hurt, but not as much as the panic of seeing his nightmares come true. He stared desperately at the vortex, thinking she had left them behind. Khalum howled, calling for his mate. "calm down, baby, I'm back...
I'm back," Lyra ran to him and was pulled into a fierce hug. "No, no, let me check your wound..." "T can't go through, I can't follow you home! It won't let me go! This thing won't let me leave!!" He roared, tearing at his chest in agony. Lyra would never leave her family behind, and he understood it the moment he touched the barrier: the "Heart of the Beast" couldn't leave this continent. "Dad...
Grandpa..." Lyra looked at her elders with teary eyes Aldric didn't fully understand what was happening or anything, ---- about magic, but he did see all the love in that wolf's eyes. If they took Lyra away from him, he'd die. And Aldric would never take away someone's mate. "We'll find a solution, don't worry. Now that the passage is open, it's easy to travel between continents," Silas confirmed, bringing some relief to the tense situation.
Lyra convinced Drakkar to let her heal him, and he stared at her like she could vanish in the blink of an eye. "Pm sorry, Lyra. You can't go home because of me. I'm... selfish. I don't want to lose you," he hugged her in anguish. "My family is very powerful, love. We'll find the solution," she told him-and she truly believed it. Her people could do anything. "according to what Lavinia told me, I thinka traveler who came here tooka fragment of the Heart.
We need to reach his world," Lyra thought out loud. "Maybe if we gather all the Heart's power, we can pull it out of Drakkar and return it to its original place." Silas nodded. That was a possibility. "We'll do whatever it takes, Lyra," Aldric told her, and she looked at him with red eyes, nodding as she sat on the grass. ---- If her grandfather said it was possible, then it was as good as done. Everyone got to work, setting aside their differences and the silly parental jealousy.
Laziel and Lavinia had to go back to keep control of this continent under the disguise of the false "Lycan King," since Drakkar couldn't care less about ruling anything. He lived with Lyra in the private quarters of the palace, waiting for a solution to their problem. eke Days later, Lavinia stood in front of the place where Aidan Walker had disappeared into that portal. "This is it, but I don't dare open a rift at random.
There are infinite possibilities, we need clues," she said, learning from the Ice Prince's mistakes. Jumping into other spaces like that, without knowing what kind of evil might be on the other side, could cost your life and that of your loved ones. "all right, 'll try using my vision magic here, see if I can connect with something about that man," Katherine told them. This time, Sigrid and Gabrielle were the ones supporting her with magic. 
###Chapter 1110
---- 'The three of them pushed Katherine's energy, trying to find a thread to "see" more about the Alpha Prince Aidan Walker. However, not in a million years did she expect to find who she did. "gaahh!" she screamed, breaking the spell, hands clutching her head. "Mom! What happened?!" Lavinia held her as her legs gave out a little. This spell demanded a lot of energy. "are you okay, Katherine?" Gabrielle asked, reaching out to check her pulse, but Katherine passed the vision to her instead.
Inside a cold cellar, filled with boxes of supplies, a woman with short black hair and blue eyes was hiding, peeking cautiously toward a door. "T's Nyx! You found my granddaughter!" Gabrielle was stunned and overjoyed, just like the others. "But I don't know if that memory is from now or from before... I don't really know where Nyxis either..." 'The atmosphere turned tense again. "Wherever my pup is, she'll make it. She's a Selenia and inherited our gifts.
She can do it," Sigrid said firmly, staring at the part of the forest where the vision had taken place. ---- "Just hang on, little one... we're coming for you, my daughter." KE 'THE VERY MOMENT LYRA, LAZIEL, AND LAVINIA FELL INTO THE WILD CONTINENT. REALM OF THE WEREWOLVES. NYX When I came to after falling through the madness of that vortex, I found myself in a forest. I survived a few days in the wild, but kept moving, trying to find my way home.
It didn't take long to realize this wasn't the Lycan King's realm. Hiding behind some bushes, I saw a caravan of merchants pass by. They looked like werewolves, but I didn't dare approach. I was afraid of being reckless, so I chose to hide and observe quietly first. I managed to sneak inside one of the covered wagons and, hidden ina crate, I let myself be taken-hopefully-to some friendly pack.
It seemed like a mountainous area; the bumpy roads shook the cart, and the increasingly intense cold made me shiver. In silence, swallowed by the darkness of the wood, I ended up in ---- some kind of storage room. I stayed there for a few days, eating fruit and eavesdropping on the maids who came for supplies, trying to learn more about where I had landed But I couldn't hide forever. Soon something would force me out and make me face the most feared and cruel man in this palace. The owner...
the one they called the Prince of Winter... Aidan Walker. 
###Chapter 1111
---- 100. ISABELLA Y NYX NYX "Ahhh!" A scream jolted me awake, stretching my back as I sat in a dark corner. Truth be told, it was about time I left my hiding spot. "What's going on, Mora? Ssshh... lower your voice... the prince is in a foul mood today," I heard two maids entering the storage room. "Looks like there are rats, I found some fruit stems," one of them said. I twisted my mouth. Obviously, the sneaky rat was me.
Worst part was, they rushed off saying they'd go get some guards It was time to get out. "Damn it," I muttered, finding the exit door locked. I looked around. It was a basement, so no windows during my quick scan. Then I hurried to a fireplace in one corner. I peeked through the hole, looking up. It led to another room or maybe outside. "Come check, and don't let a single one get away!" Footsteps approached, followed by commotion.
---- I summoned my magic and flowed like mist through the narrow chimney passage, rising toward the unknown. The violent trip through the portal had drained most of my energy. Pd been recovering over the past days, but I was injured inside, and it was all too slow. 'The soot and darkness pressed down on me. I saw light above-the exit to a room-and slipped through the warm passages that heated the cold place. "Cough, cough," I let out a soft cough as I dropped onto the floor of a lounge.
I immediately scanned my surroundings. No one. Just a beautifully decorated antechamber. It looked like it belonged to awoman's quarters. Alert, brushing off some soot, I stepped into the room. It was exquisite. Every piece of furniture, every divan, chosen with care. The books on the shelf didn't have a speck of dust. T began to lower my guard. I reached a closed oak door. 'There was powerful magic sealing it, but when my fingers touched the runes carved into the wood...
the door slowly opened! I stepped back, raising my hands, ready to defend myself, explain... whatever I'd be allowed to do. 
###Chapter 1112
---- But there was no one on the other side, and I shivered at the icy mist drifting out. Something was calling me, it was some kind of magic. I thought of a way home and decided to go in. But what I found wasn't exactly what I expected. 'The walls, the floor, every had been frozen, preserved under a translucent layer of ice, and the most shocking thing was the woman sleeping on the bed. "Goddess, what is this?" I approached, step by step.
'The dense layer of ice wrapped around her protectively, perfectly tracing her figure. She was beautiful, with golden hair, and looked like she was sleeping peacefully. She was a sorceress, no doubt about it, and the insistent magic calling to me was coming from her. Ishouldn't have done it, I know... but I reached out, curious. So enchanted was I, I didn't notice the waves of magic shifting under the ice. suddenly, it started glowing intensely.
By the time I sensed the danger, it was already too late. 'The woman's eyes flew open, glowing purple, and her hand burst ---- from the ice to grab mine. "Let me go!" I struggled, trying to break free, but it wasn't my body she was holding on to-it was my magical spirit. Just like my mother Sigrid, I could enter others' bodies and control them, but this time... I was the one being controlled. I knew that feeling well.
I heard the dull thump of my physical body hitting the floor beside the bed, as my spirit slipped into the sorceress's body. she might've looked near death, but she still had power. "What do you want from me? Why did you trap me inside your body?" 1 found myself standing in a world full of dark shadows and lightning. It was her inner space. "Ym sorry for doing this to you... really, I'm just... desperate..." She stood in front of me, giving me a faint, embarrassed smile. Iwanted to be hostile.
I felt her holding me prisoner-I could force her-but her pale face and the fragility she gave off made me hesitate. In the end, I listened to the strangest proposal I'd ever received. 
###Chapter 1113
---- 101, MEETING THE WINTER PRINCE NYX "My name is Isabella. I see you're a traveler from another continent." I was stunned by her words. "Just like you, one day I also stepped into other realms," she said, twisting her mouth into a sarcastic smirk. "Let's just say it didn't go very well... But that's not the reason I brought you into my inner world." "Then I need you to explain it already," I said abit coldly, alittle worried by all the strange things happening.
She told me so many things-some I didn't even understand-but the ending, what she actually wanted from me, left me kind of speechless. "You want me to live inside your consciousness and use my magic to help you get up and keep living?" I asked in disbelief. Who wanted to be "parasited" by someone else? Even if she was on the brink of death. "I know it sounds crazy... but I'm doing it for my mate... Ineed time to say goodbye to him...
Nyx, I beg you..." She said my name, the one I had told her when we first met. ---- "No, no, what are you doing? Wait!" I grabbed her arms as she went to kneel down. Goddess, I was really getting myself into something way too complicated. "Look, I'm sorry. I get that you want to spend your final moments with your partner, but do you really want me inside your mind while you're with him?" "{ don't care," she said, squeezing my hands with her frozen ones. "{ know you want to go back...
give me three months of your time and your magic, just three, and Ill find a way to open a portal to your home." I didn't respond, I couldn't even wake myself up. Where the hell was I supposed to get the magic to return? Guess all of that showed on my face. "1m the princess of the Continent of Sorcery. My own mate can open portals easily, but you can't tell him about our deal," she added, anxious. "He won't understand, and he won't let you go when the time comes, and I...
I won't last forever." I sighed, thinking about my options... three months would go by ---- fast. 
###Chapter 1114
---- Pd ended up in a strange place, and I had no clue how to open another rift. Maybe with the princess's influence, I could try finding my family. "You know that with how weak you are, the longer I stay in your body... the faster you're going to die," I warned her. This woman was destroyed on the inside. Something way too dark was crawling through her spirit, like deep scars that had never healed. 'That's why the healing magic here couldn't save her... I don't think anyone could.
"J don't care about the consequences... just a few months, Nyx, that's all I need. And please... be patient with my mate," she extended her hand. Tstared at her, still unsure. I didn't even have a guarantee she'd keep her word. She was warning me about her mate, but really, I had nothing to do with that. 1'd only be sticking around for a while, helping her move her broken body with my magic... almost like Uncle Zarek's corpses. Sad, but true. ---- "{ accept. And I hope you keep your promise.
Just those three months, Isabella. And... there are other favors I'll need too." she nodded, promising to help me search for my family. Textended my hand, and we made a pact between witches, Only the Goddess knew what fate I had just sealed. "Now, please... lend me your power, Nyx. My mate already felt the disturbance in this room, and he's coming." 'My control magic blended into her consciousness, inside the cracked, shattered walls of her soul.
'Through her eyes, I could see and feel the outside world, even if I was in the background. Isabella was still the owner of her own body and senses. It was a strange kind of symbiosis between us. Usually, I would trap the person I possessed in their own mind and control all their reactions... but I had never experienced something like this The icy sensation over her body began to melt, glowing with a soft blue light.
Before Isabella could slowly sit up in bed, the door burst open and I "saw" aman rush in, desperate, ---- 'Tall, powerfully built, and with short platinum hair-much shinier than my father's. Like a snowflake... and his eyes were as blue as a clear sky, yet so many storms swirled in their depths. "BELLA!" He lunged toward the sorceress, full of anguish, euphoria, shock, and love...
He looked as frozen as this room; yet, his hands felt so warm in that embrace, that even his intense emotions reached me. The intruder inside his beloved's body. And that's how I met Aidan, the man who would change my life forever. 
###Chapter 1115
---- 102. COLDER THAN ICE NYX "My love, it worked!" He held her tightly against his chest, his heart pounding, his emotions raw. His winter magic began to seep into the sorceress's body and I took a step back. I wanted to hide from his scrutiny, but not only was his energy overwhelmingly dominant, my own magical soul started reacting. It fluctuated, eager to get closer to that werewolf. Because yes, I realized ithe had a wolf spirit inside him, but at the same time, he used magic.
Powerful magic. So special I could feel it brushing against the princess's legs, transformed into an ice wolf... I think it was the same energy keeping her frozen. What did all of this mean? Not even I had seen something so incredible. "wait, Aidan... I need to tell you something, babe..." She started to say, but his hands cupped her cheeks. His masculine face, handsome and intense, began moving closer. ---- His thin lips were aiming straight for Isabella's.
1 turned my face away-I mean, I didn't want to see their intimate moment. I was about to retreat to a corner of her mind when suddenly... "You're not getting away from me!" a cold voice echoed. No doubt about it, he had discovered me, and now his energy was tangling with mine, pushing me out of his woman's body. "Abhh, wait, don't kick her out!" "Isabella!" He held her in his arms. If I left right now, her body would collapse. "T need... to explain... she's not bad...
she helps me..." She lifted her gaze to meet the prince's His blue eyes stared deep, searching for me. Itwas insane how fast he detected me. 'This man... was dangerous. "Let's go to the bed, and you'll explain everything to me." He lifted her in his arms and when they reached the massive bed, he stopped-spotting my body beside it. Yeah... I'd landed in a pretty embarrassing position. 
###Chapter 1116
---- Even though I'm not as vain as Lyra, being like that, with my face scrubbing the floor and my ass in the air, was not amusing at all. "That's her material body, lay it on the bed too... we need to take care of it." "No, Bella, explain all of this. Who is that woman?" So, she gave him a half-truth, half-hiding our deal. "She... is the one who moves your body?" He sat on the edge of the mattress, taking Isabella's hand, his expression darkening. "Well... sort of, she helps me with her magic.
But it's not like she controls me or anything!" "In exchange for what? I don't trust anyone from the outside." His brow furrowed, his face hardening. "She just wants to survive in a strange land. Are we going to do to her what they did to us?" She held his gaze. I didn't understand everything they were saying, but I stayed alert in case they tried anything shady. "aidan, right now, only Nyx can help me," Isabella sighed, "or I'll fall asleep again and maybe...
never wake up..." "Don't say that!" ---- He threw himself onto the bed and lay beside her, wrapping her in his strong arms. The woman's body rested on his muscular frame. The male stroked her head, kissed her, and whispered words of love. His other hand moved up and down her spine. Honestly, all of this felt so strange. "alright. Fine. As long as she doesn't hurt you..." he finally gave in. "Can she be present during these private moments?
I can feel her consciousness lingering in your mind." Athis question, I glanced to the side like I was trying to play it cool. 'Truthfully, I shouldn't have been "spying." So I dove into the depths of her inner world. A forest full of shadows and crazy laughter. But hey, I'm the daughter of the Spectral King and sister to Prince Nocturne-this kind of thing doesn't scare me. Lent Isabella my magic. Somehow, I trusted her words. Iwas inside her mind-I knew she wasn't lying.
---- When I reconnected with the "outside world," it was because of a dominant command. "T order you to get out of my womans body! NOW!" The command shook me to the core. I realized Isabella was lying in bed, resting, and the master of the castle wanted to meet me. I summoned my magic and my primordial spirit left the sorceress. I wandered the room, searching for my own body. Honestly, I thought they'd laid me on a couch or something Nope.
still in the same humiliating position, kissing the damn floor. Seriously... not even a little respect for the one buying his dying wife some extra time. "Mmm..." I groaned as I took back control of my limbs, cracking my stiff neck. Being tossed aside like that... everything hurt, even my soul. I stood up as gracefully as I could and dusted off my skirt. "Come with me," he ordered again, after giving me a cold once- over. 
###Chapter 1117
---- 103. IDON'T CARE WHO YOU ARE... NYX If Thadn't seen him being warm with her, I'd say this man rivaled my brother Laziel. Before following him, I noticed that winter magic had covered her again on the bed, like a protective blanket. 'The head of the bluish wolf stared at me for a few seconds before glowing brightly and shifting into that blanket form. My hand itched to touch it, something inside me wanted to stroke that icy head.
Eventually, I stood up and followed behind the broad back of the castle's owner. The doors shut behind me, controlled by him like everything else in this place. He walked over to a small table with some liquor bottles. Looked like he spent a lot of time in that room. Watching his silver hair, I started getting nervous-would he really help me? "My name is Nyx Von Carstein, I come from the realm of the Lycan King.
I got here by accide..." ---- "I don't care who you are, or your name, or where you came from, " he suddenly turned around and cut me off. "The moment you plot anything against my mate, know this-you won't leave this castle alive..." "Then I think you're very wrong," my aura flared up, pulsing around me. I'd had enough of his rudeness. "Don't know if I gave off the vibe of being some weakling you could intimidate." His eyes flashed dangerously, and mine did too.
Right now, with the damage inside me, I was at a disadvantage... but I just needed time. He was powerful. and so was I. "Pm helping your female more out of compassion than anything else. With or without you, I'll find my way home." "Don't be so sure about that," he took a step forward. His body started to radiate a cold so intense, anyone else would be shaking. still, my heart thumped hard. 
###Chapter 1118
---- My magic stirred anxiously and poured out of my pores, drawn to that icy glow. Icouldn't stop it, but when it touched Prince Aidan's magic, he frowned and stepped back, separating our energies. He looked conflicted; still, he hardened his face again. "You'll stay in the room next to hers, help her with everything she needs, and when she recovers...
I might help you get back." 'That was the last thing he said before leaving the room and slamming the door shut behind him, just as I was about to tell him to go to hell. "Rude bastard," I muttered through my teeth. I could've told him she would never truly get better, but I kept my mouth shut. My deal was with Isabella. I sighed, wondering what to do next, and walked to the locked bedroom. When I tried to open it, the spell didn't budge. I glared at the wood. He had sealed it.
"Don't think I'm your little princess's slave, you unbearable man," I grumbled, shivering from the cold. Then, a faint knock came from the main door to the antechamber. I walked over cautiously and opened it. ---- Right away I recognized one of the maids who always fetched supplies. "Miss, the prince asked me to show you to your room," she said quietly. "Thanks," I replied, finally leaving that suffocating room and following her down the hallway.
My eyes wandered a bit -until now, I'd only seen the food storage areas. 'The silver lamps and decorations, the walls looking like they were made of ice... everything here was soaked in his magic. 'The burgundy carpet under my boots led me to the room next to Isabella's. "This is it," the girl said, letting me in. It was a bit simpler, but not bad at all. 'The huge mahogany canopy bed was the main piece. "We'll bring some dresses and prepare your bath." I nodded easily.
Honestly, it reminded mea lot of home. If not for one very important detail... "The prince said you must be ready before seven to attend to Princess Isabella. You can't be late," she added before leaving to get the water. ---- She still spoke to me like I was just another servant. Something told me this arrangement wouldn't last long if that vanilla popsicle didn't cooperate.
"Tsabella, control your mutt," I muttered, heading into the bathroom-and I really needed it because you can't survive on cleaning spells alone. That night, I got ready as instructed and once again snuck into the princess's body... except nothing went remotely as planned. 'That man... was unbearably... attractive 
###Chapter 1119
---- 104. DANGEROUS FEELINGS NYX "You're so nervous. Relax, that wolf doesn't bite." "Yeah right, easy for you to say, you're his wife," I shot back at Isabella with a sarcastic tone. She was adjusting the final details of her dress in front of the mirror. A soft, melancholic smile tugged at her lips. "aidan wasn't always this cold," she explained. "'Some bad things happened, and he... well, he hardened his heart. I wish he'd smile the way he used to." She added that, and I didn't dig further.
I've been putting the pieces together, and apparently, they had an accident crossing portals. The same one that caused Bella's current condition. "Well, I think I'm ready." "You look beautiful," I said, gazing at her reflection in the mirror. She really was beautiful, with pale skin and blonde hair. Even though the layer of makeup couldn't hide her weariness, those amethyst eyes still dazzled.
---- "Thank you." she had just responded when a knock sounded at the door, and Aidan entered, bold and dressed more formally. The dark blue tunic made his eyes and sharp features stand out even more. "Bella, you look stunning," he said, scanning her from head to toe and opening his arms for her to sink into his chest. I tried to quietly retreat to my little corner, but then... "Don't go, Nyx, please... I need you close.
I don't feel well at all." She begged in a whisper, even though she tried to sound cheerful when speaking to him. "But... if he finds out I'm not locked inside your inner world..." "He won't. He won't explore unless I give him a reason. He doesn't like violating my privacy, just like that." Lagreed, not entirely convinced. 'Truth is, the last thing I wanted was to be spying. "Let's go to the dining room.
They prepared all your favorite dishes," the prince said, possessively wrapping an arm around her waist. His fingers clung tightly to the corset as he led her down the ---- corridors of this castle to the large dining hall. It always amazed me how few people there were, barely any servants. If he was the prince, then where were this continent's kings? The table seemed endless for just two people, but everything had clearly been prepared with great care.
A huge bouquet of roses stood out among the silverware. "Nyx, I'm sorry... please give me a second... I can't keep it up... entertain him for a few minutes," Isabella's tired voice said suddenly. "wait, princess... damn it..." I muttered inside her mind, sitting up abit straighter. Isabella had retreated into her inner world, like when she used to imprison the body's owners. Now I was in full control. I tried to steady the trembling in my hand as I took a bite of the chocolate mousse.
"Come on, Nyx, what's wrong with you? You even played the role of a brothel madam, this is nothing." I told myself, but the very next second... I screwed it up. 
###Chapter 1120
---- "ssh," I hissed in pain as the spoon smacked into my front teeth. A metallic taste immediately flooded my mouth-I'd hurt my gums. "Bella, did you hurt yourself? Let me see," Aidan's voice made me tremble even more. He was at the head of the table, with her beside him. "It's nothing..." I said, eyes lowered. I could imitate her voice... everything. Just like my mother once impersonated Electra De La Croix. "Come on, come here.
I need to check you." 1 don't know how, but in a blink I was sitting sideways on his strong thighs, before I could even think of an excuse. "Let me look at you." I felt like a little girl. His heartbeat pounded against my shoulder, and his other hand wrapped around my slim waist. His fingers began caressing my lips, inspecting the tiny wound carefully. Through amethyst eyes, I stared at him up close. My heart skipped a beat.
---- His magic clung possessively to the feminine body, and I feared he'd discover the truth again. That Isabella had pulled away and I was the one feeling all his, affection. "You're bleeding a little," his voice sounded husky, lips way too close, his breath mingling with mine. "T can wipe it off with a napkin," I managed to say. "Why use a napkin, when we can make it more fun?" For the first time, I saw him smirk faintly, a sparkle flickering deep in his eyes.
Asif in slow motion, his handsome face leaned closer, his fingers brushing over my lips, silently telling me to open up. "Jsabella, come out right now! Now, woman!" I screamed inside, but she didn't answer. I could've pushed him away, but Goddess... I didn't know what to do. I simply closed my eyes and let his tongue explore my mouth. The taste of blood and intoxicating winter flooded my tongue. He started soft, slow, delicious... then his lips crashed into mine in a deep, dominant kiss.
His hand slid down my neck and brushed over the Alpha wolf's ---- mark. The whole body shivered at the memory of being with him. I felt his arousal growing beneath my ass, his thick cock hardening, ready to make love. I sighed, breathless, feeling his tongue tangling with mine, his canines brushing my lower lip in erotic little bites. Holy Goddes wasn't even my body.
was getting wet and for a moment forgot this T rubbed myself against his cock and wrapped my arms around his neck, kissing him back with just as much hunger. His sensual hands slid up my thighs under the dress, and muffled moans were swallowed in the friction of our lips. 'Then I cracked my eyes open just a bit, catching the burning desire and barely contained lust in his expression, and suddenly I realized the terrible mistake I was making.
I pulled away, breathing heavily, cheeks flushed as I looked down at his chest. ")'m sorry... but my body... I haven't fully recovered," I said, words strangled in breathless gasps. "Don't apologize, baby. I... damn it, I swore I'd take it slow... but Vlad misses you too much..." ---- He pressed gentle kisses to the top of my head as he held me tight. 
###Chapter 1121
---- 105. THEO, THE WINTER WOLF NYX Pd learned that Vlad was his inner Alpha wolf, and Theo was the ice wolf, his strongest magical power. I was so relieved he wasn't looking at my face... had no idea what to say to him right now. Pretending to speak intimate words as Isabella... I didn't think I could do it. This had already gone way too far. "Pm exhausted, love," I said, swallowing hard. Tried to sound as little cold as possible. "Of course...
you shouldn't be thinking about this kind of stuff. ''m sorry, baby... I'm just an animal." He raised his head and kissed his woman's forehead. But I caught the disappointment deep in his eyes. Or maybe it was sadness; I still couldn't figure this man out. "How about we take a walk in the garden to digest the food, and then I'll take you to rest?" And so I wouldn't seem too odd, I accepted and let him lead me by the hand outside.
Then I took in the view beyond the garden built in front of his ice ---- palace. Because yes, it really did look like it was carved out of ice, right on the slope of the snowy mountains. The moon shone brightly in the distance, above a lake that disappeared into a river winding through the peaks. "How beautiful," I thought, seeing this world through a different lens. It didn't feel that different from my home.
Isabella had told me a few things about this continent, where only werewolves lived, but beyond it there were lands inhabited by sorcerers and even beast-men. I didn't really understand what a "beast-man" was. According to her, they could shift into other animal forms-not just wolves. It sounded fascinating, I wanted to explore before I had to leave. But the hands wrapping around my waist and the warm breath at my ear reminded me I'd made a deal... and now I was a prisoner in this palace.
"When you get better, we'll go to the Sorcery Continent to visit your parents," he said, still believing I was Isabella. "Now that you're awake, I'm still searching for a way to ---- strengthen your magic so you won't depend on that woman anymor: I twisted my lips at the mention of myself. He kept making plans for the future, and I don't know if it was her sadness or mine, but suddenly I felt awful. Isabella was never going to recover. She was far too broken.
"T need to rest, Aidan..." I repeated, lowering my head. In the very next second, he picked me up in his arms and hurried back to the room. ene "Rest now, my love. You can release that sorceress," he whispered. I think Aidan believed I was weaker than Isabella. I had no idea why he thought that. "Pll stay with you tonight so Theo can go out for a run," he added, mentioning his ice wolf again. Lying beside her, he kissed her lips once more...
but all of those tender sensations were being felt by me. "Goodnight... my prince..." I whispered against his jaw. "This is only for a dying woman... only for that." I repeated to myself as I summoned my spirit and finally left Princess Isabella's ---- fragile body. "Thank you, Nyx," her weary voice whispered faintly. 
###Chapter 1122
---- Guilt settled deep in my chest. I hoped she hadn't discovered my little slip-up at dinner. "You're welcome, princess. Get some rest." 'My primal magic slipped away like soft mist across the room, returning to my body resting in the other chamber. "If you have any important requests, you can talk to me," acold voice rumbled behind me. He could sense me wandering through the room. "PIL hold you to that," I answered mentally, and finally went to my chambers.
ee 'That night, I couldn't sleep well Nightmares twisted through my mind ?1 was trapped forever in another woman's body. Screaming to get out... feeling that male's touch on my skin. I was Isabella and she was Nyx... she was stealing my mate's lovel...? "AAAHH!" ---- I screamed, trying to escape the web of lies, drenched in sweat, but then a familiar magic slipped into my consciousness and brought me calm.
I found myself standing over crystal-clear water, and in front of me was a sorceress I knew well. "Katherine?" "Nyx? Oh, Goddess, I did it!" she gasped joyfully and rushed to hug me-but her image flickered like she was about to vanish. "No, no, don't gol... They're looking for me, aren't they?" "Yes, yes, listen Nyx, I don't have much time. We built an artifact to contact you in dreams using my power, but I don't know where you are to open a portal," she explained urgently.
"I'm in the Werewolf Continent!" I shouted, watching her slip through my fingers. "That doesn't help me, sweetheart," she sighed. "But I have a clue: you're in a place with a magic called the Heart of the Beast. There's someone connected to your sister who can track her, and you need to find ama-" "A what?! A man?! What's his name? What does he look like?!" 1 screamed at the fading shadow. Katherine was losing her link to me. ---- "'..your blood, on the Heart... search...
Walker..." "Walker?" "aidan Walker!" Her final scream rang loud and clear. 1 froze hearing it-that was the name of the Winter Prince. "Katherine, wait! DON'T GO!" I shouted, reaching out my hands. Suddenly, I felt so alone in this place, like an intruder in someone else's life. Tell mom and dad that I'm okay... and the grandparents and great -grandparents too!
TELL THEM I'M COMING BACK!" I screamed, tasting the bitterness, letting myself break down ina way I hadn't since being stranded in this strange world Tears rolled faster and faster until they turned into sobs. Yet as I sank deeper into grief, something pulled me out-a light calling insistently. A cold body wrapped itself around mine, offering comfort. Thugged it without thinking, just letting it seep into every pore, soothing my magic with warmth.
---- My fingers clung to that feeling of safety and icy calm that I adored. I wept, broken, against a strong chest. Gentle licks wiped away my tears, covering me completely on the bed. I don't know how long it took to come back to myself, but when my blurry eyes focused, I knew I was still in the Winter Palace and not hallucinating. Someone really had come to comfort me. I sat up a little, sniffling, my hands buried in that bright, glowing magic.
Staring into those deep blue eyes, pure ice and power. "L... little wolf?" I could barely believe it. But the massive head leaned in again and licked my cheeks. It was Aidan Walker's winter magic. That powerful wolf inside him. Theo. Right now, he was in my bed... right next to me... comforting me. 
###Chapter 1123
---- 106. I MUST STAY AWAY FROM YOU NYX I wiped my tears, feeling kind of lost. I even looked around the room, into the dark corners, searching for its owner. "You...2"" When I turned my head again to look at him, he was right there, watching my face. I stared into the depths of those icy orbs, and my magical soul vibrated in sync. His cold nose slowly slid across my damp cheeks, licking me. It felt way too unreal-this magic's awareness, its own personality and autonomy, an ice wolf.
I closed my eyes, letting myself go, raising my hand to caress his. back, which mimicked fine frost-like fur strands "Mmmm," I moaned with pleasure, feeling my energy slipping out against my will, blending with that winter, the scent of pines and snow-covered mountains flooding my mind. 'Too delicious, addictive, too... dangerous. "No!" I jolted awake, backing up on the mattress. Pulling away from his influence, feeling like a traitor.
---- What the hell was I doing with that male's power, by the Goddess? Iwas scared to go further, afraid of discovering something that would really hurt me. A muffled howl came from his mouth as he approached me again, cornering me against the pillows. He was massive, taking up almost the entire space, and I felt so small beside him "Don't do it... I don't know what you're trying to do, but please leave," I pleaded, begging when he got just inches away from me again.
He stared at me, muzzle low, and his tongue gently slid across my feet. I struggled again to hold myself back-I wanted so badly to touch him. "Go to Isabella... she's your mate. I don't know why you're testing me. Did Aidan send you?" Lasked without expecting an answer, but to my complete surprise, he lifted his head and shook it firmly. Despite how tense everything was, between the tickling on my feet and that sweet gesture, I almost smiled... almost... but this situation wasn't a joke.
---- Right. Why would the prince even send him? "Then... thanks for staying with me. I'm fine now, you can go," I said, curling my legs in tighter, folding my knees up against my chest. After what felt like an eternity, with a sad expression, he stepped down from the bed. He walked slowly toward the slightly open balcony door, his tail down, looking all dejected. lalmost called him back. He even turned one last time to look at me. "You're not going to convince me...
I want to be alone," I whispered, and with a sigh of relief, I watched him step out onto the terrace. His body flickered, shifting into a cold mist that blended into the night's darkness. Iplaced my hand over my chest-my heart was pounding out of control. Thad never felt like this before. Everything around Aidan unsettled me. I couldn't control myself with that male, and guilt filled me up inside. "T need to leave this place... find an excuse. I can't stay by his ---- side..." I murmured, making up my mind. 
###Chapter 1124
---- I spent the whole night tossing and turning, thinking about what Katherine had told me. From what I understood, I had to find something called The Heart of the Beast and spill my blood on it. Because someone close to Lyra might be able to track it, and our blood is connected since we're sisters. Had Lyra found her mate already? All kinds of theories ran through my head. At least she had been. taken home. I wasn't worried about Laziel.
I was more afraid of whatever poor place my little brother had ended up in. 'There were still Lavinia and Victoria. I hoped they were okay-I hadn't lost hope of finding them on this continent. But one thing was clear: I wouldn't get anywhere if I stayed locked up in here. eke "{sabella, I need to leave the palace. My family's looking for me, they found a lead-something called The Heart of the Beast." I told her the next day while she stood on the balcony getting some air.
---- The breeze moved her blonde hair, but a spell from Aidan hung over the palace, keeping the blizzards and bad weather away from the mountains. "The Heart of the Beast?" she repeated, and I felt her emotions grow... turbulent. "What do you need that curse for?" she asked through clenched teeth. "Tt's the only way to contact my family. Do you know where it is?" She seemed to know the artifact, magic, or whatever it was.
If they sent me to find Aidan, maybe things were easier than they looked, "No, I have no idea," she replied softly. "sometimes I heard things around me. Aidan once said he hid it somewhere no one could ever find." "Then... can you ask him?" "No," she refused flat out. "{f you even mention those words to him, he' never help you.. Nyx, that power is very dangerous. If someone cruel gets their hands on the heart..." She didn't finish the sentence, but I got her point.
---- It seemed like that was the magic that destroyed her. So why the hell did my family need it? 1 felt like I was missing way too many pieces. In fact... had a gut feeling Isabella wasn't telling me everything she knew. "pither way, I can't stay locked up here forever. Aidan can open portals, but it's obvious he won't do it for me." I said, and a wave of bitterness clenched my heart, but I forced myself to shut out those confusing emotions. "{ get it. We'll find a way.
I need you to lend me your magic-I'm going to contact my older sister." Tnodded, going along with her plan. What good would her sister do us? I had no idea. But Isabella was weaving her own plans, and I really hoped they worked in my favor too. We were both hiding secrets in our hearts, and everything led back to one person: Aidan Walker. freee "No, no!
She's here to help you, not to go sightseeing across my realm!" he roared furiously when Isabella told him I had to go look for something in some swamp. ---- "aidan! She's not my slave-she doesn't owe me anything, she's just helping!" she shouted back, furious, and even I was holding myself back from smashing that animal's head in. "If she leaves, if she doesn't help you, I'm not sending her back home! EVER!" "] DON'T NEED YOUR FUCKING HELP, YOU MORON!" I roared, unable to hold back.
'My own spirit burst out of Isabella, I was so damn angry. "7''m sick of your arrogant macho attitude!" 'My shadowy silhouette floated in front of Aidan, pointing a finger at him with one hand on my hip. "Tone down your cocky-ass way of talking to me, you might be the little frost prince, but Tam a damn Selenian! Got that!?" Our wills clashed, his magic flaring against me, and mine exploded too. Only, when they collided, instead of sparking violently, they tangled and tried to merge.
Darkness with icy light. A Selenian and a Winter Wolf. 
###Chapter 1125
---- 107. SHOVE YOUR HELP WHERE THE SUN DON'T SHINE NYX Aidan immediately tooka step back, like he was horrified. His pupils narrowed, and his breathing came out in ragged bursts. His Alpha wolf, reflected on the surface, stared at me with a mix of, rage and other feelings I couldn't figure out. "You're not in your territory, little witch, this is my world!" he growled, flashing his canines like I couldn't flash mine too.
"If don't show you the way to your home, you'll never find it without my guidance!" "shove your guidance where the sun don't shine!" I snarled like a wolf and enjoyed the surprise on his face. "How are you showing wolf traits? Aren't you a witch?" "What part of 'I'm a Selenia' didn't you get?!" I wanted to get closer, grab his face in my claws and... and... I don't know... maybe bite him? "Please, both of you calm down..." Isabella's weak voice broke the tense atmosphere.
Aidan's face changed again, and that icy mask that kept me from seeing his true self covered his features once more. ---- "Bella, it's better if you go rest in the room, don't push yourself..." He walked around me, keeping a safe distance like he was afraid 'd infect him. I clenched my jaw, the rage still roaring in my veins. No one had ever treated me like that before, especially not a male. Way better to keep my distance.
"Don't treat me like I'm some kind of idiot!" Isabella's sudden outburst made me turn. But all I could see was Aidan's broad back shielding her from my view. "Pm just worried about you. I'm not leaving you alone to go follow astranger..." "Nyx is my friend. Without her, you wouldn't be able to see me again... ever," T heard her say, and Aidan just sighed, clearly not wanting to argue. I didn't want to be there for their little fight, so I headed to my room.
'Tomorrow I'd leave, whether he liked it or not. A few days away from Isabella shouldn't cause any harm. "{ called my sister, she already knows I woke up. ---- "Bella, we agreed to wai "Lisa won't tell our parents just yet. We need her healing magic- maybe with her here, I can get better..." I stopped following their conversation once I stepped into the hallway. 'That was a private matter between them... I was still the intruder stuck between a couple. I waited in my room.
After all, I had nothing to do-just a few dresses Isabella had given me, some basic clothes. I was looking out the window when someone knocked at the door, and I knew it was her. "Tsabella, do you need me to return to your inner world?" I asked when I saw how pale she looked. "No, don't worry... with your help and Aidan's blood, I can hold on "Barely..." I added in my head, watching her sit heavily in the chair. Her face twisted into a grimace of pain she never showed her mate. She was suffering-deeply. 
###Chapter 1126
---- I didn't even know how she could endure all those inner scars... Aidan just didn't want to face it. "T'll teach you everything you need to know to survive in this realm," she said out of nowhere. "go sit down, we've got a long way to go, and tomorrow you'll start your search in the Swamp zone." "The swamp?" I asked, frowning as I sat on the bed. "Well, that territory is the gateway to the Beastmen Continent.
I think it's the best place to search for information about that magic," she told me. "You think Aidan might've hidden it there?" I asked, uneasy. "Could be. I don't even dare bring that up with him," she replied witha sigh. "He believes you're just looking for a way back home, exploring a little to get to know this continent, and it has to stay that way, got it, Nyx?" I nodded, feeling more conflicted by the second. It was insane to think that man wouldn't help me...
but when I looked at Isabella, I knew we were both doing this for her. I didn't even know her, and I agreed to something huge. I can't imagine how Aidan must feel. ---- But still, other doubts were eating away at my mind. Did Isabella really not know any useful information? I had the power to invade her mind by force, but I wouldn't do that... not without a good reason. 1 focused back on what she was saying. "The swamp is ruled by a wild Alpha, and his luna is a Centuria.
Let me explain about the fire-taming women..." And that's how I learned that this place wasn't just full of werewolves like the ones I knew. There were also two special clans: the Winter Men and the Centurias. Aidan was a Winter Man, that I already knew, but his mother-the queen-was a Centuria. Wolf women with fire magic who could pull a deadly flame wolf out of their bodies. Powerful and untamable. They reminded me a lot of the Selenias. Twas learning just how unique this realm was...
and soon, I'd be facing some very interesting characters. see NARRATOR: ---- ONE HOUR BEFORE NYX AND AIDAN'S ARGUMENT 'Many leagues away from the Winter Palace stood the true palace of the Kings of this continent. Lying in her room, an old woman suddenly opened her eyes and sat up in one sharp motion. In her reddish pupils, flames and revelations seemed to vibrate. 
###Chapter 1127
---- 108. SECRET CONSPIRACY NARRATOR "what happened, Dalila?" a man woke up beside her, his hair silvered with age, his eyes a vibrant blue. "aron, she's here," she said, gazing into her mate's worried eyes. "Someone made a magical soul resonance with Theo. Aidan has another chance." Aron, the Druid of the Winter Men, looked genuinely astonished. Aidan wasn't just the prince of this continent, he was also his successor. In fact, the student had surpassed the master.
Not all Winter Men could manifest their magic outside their bodies. Theo was one of a kind, the living proof of Aidan's inner strength. "I must inform the queen," Dalila said quickly, getting out of bed to get dressed. "How did you know? Did the Goddess reveal it to you in a dream?" he asked his mate, the Priestess of the Centurias. Fate had a funny way of working. These two elders from rival clans ended up being mates after centuries of feuds. ---- "No, it wasn't the Goddess...
it was Isabella. She's awake, but she doesn't want many people to know yet. I need to contact her sister Lisa quietly," she added with a heavy sigh. They looked at each other in silence for a moment. No words were needed. They both knew exactly why the sorceress princess had called for Dalila. "We have to help that female. Her name is Nyx, she's a stranger. You know Aidan's going to reject her no matter what," Dalila added, stepping into the bathroom.
"Can you blame him?" Aron muttered under his breath. "If I lost you, I wouldn't want a replacement either." "Theo may have found his magical soul mate. But what about Vlad? Will that Alpha let go of the faded bond with his mate? He's the one who recognized Isabella as his companion." Aron thought about how Aidan must be feeling inside. Sometimes being that powerful came with a price. 'The prince himself seemed torn between three different personalities, and they didn't always agree.
see The Priestess's steps echoed alongside the clack, clack, clack of her magical staff. ---- She always walked with it. Fools thought she needed it because she was a millennia-old crone ... but those who really knew her understood she just used it to beat the stupidity out of thick skulls. And speaking of thick skulls, Dalila knocked on the kings' door. Very few dared to disturb the royal chambers at this hour. 'The reason was well known throughout the realm.
King Cedrick, a Winter Man, was always melting over his Centuria. "open this damn door already or I'm walking in and catching you mid-nastiness!" she barked, banging her staff harder against the wood. She didn't need keen hearing to know they hadn't heard her over the loud, lusty moans coming from inside the room. Seconds later, hurried footsteps approached the door. "My daughter's back!" Dalila took step back just as a massive man nearly six and a half feet tall flung the door open.
His long silver hair cascaded over his muscular back, tribal tattoos glowing in icy blue across his chest and strong shoulders. Loose pajamas clung to his hips, scratch marks and kiss trails glowing across his pale skin. 
###Chapter 1128
---- His sky-blue eyes darted eagerly down the hallway, searching for Amber, his youngest daughter. She'd bonded with his Beta after a rocky love story, and now the two spent most of their time traveling across the realm-far from their overbearing monarch of a father. "That bastard Vincent told me they'd be back in a month. It's already been three," Cedrick grumbled mentally, plotting his revenge for when he saw him again.
He still couldn't stomach the fact that his best friend and Beta was mated to his baby girl... even though years had passed since their union. To him, she'd always be a pup-even if she was a curvy, fiery- haired Alpha bombshell. A fully grown woman, madly in love with her male. Cedrick Walker still hadn't wrapped his head around the fact that it was his daughter who seduced poor Vincent in the first place.
"Do I look like your precious daughter, Alpha King?" Dalila curled her lip, covering her nose. "You reek of mating! Stop being so shameless and put something decent on!" She raised her staff, ready to smack him, despite the massive height difference. ---- The Alpha King took a cautious step back. He knew exactly what that old hag was capable of. "What does the Priestess want so early in the damn morning? Can't you see we're busy?" he grumbled, clearly annoyed.
He'd been having a great time with his female, and this ancient woman always showed up at the worst moments. "You two are always busy! I don't know how you only have two kids -you should've repopulated the entire realm by now." "Cedrick, that's enough, love. Don't tease Dalila," came the husky voice of the queen from behind the wild silver-haired male. His blue eyes immediately softened at the sound of his mate approaching, her robe now closed.
Her reddish-brown hair fell almost to her butt, her face mature, yet still stunning and full of life. Cedrick leaned in, his short beard brushing her temple as he kissed her sweetly, holding her by the waist. "PIL leave you to talk," he said with his magnetic voice, leaning in to whisper to the Centuria queen: "you still owe me an orgasm, baby..." Dalila rolled her eyes. Did they think she was deaf? ---- "alpha King, don't go anywhere.
What I have to tell you is about the crown prince." The relaxed atmosphere shattered instantly. "Don't tell me... Bella, is she dead?" Raven's reddish eyes darkened with turmoil. "No, Your Majesty... it's something much more... complicated. We need to help your son Aidan and someone else very special..." 
###Chapter 1129
---- 109. ABET WITH THE ALPHA NYX Alright, today's the day I go out and explore this world. Thaven't seen Aidan again since the fight with Isabella. Pretty clear that if it were up to him, I'd be locked up in some dungeon in his damn castle... let him try if he dares I glanced back at the windows of the sorceress's room, but she was shielded by Theo's magic until her sister, the healer, arrived. 'That little wolf hadn't come to see me either... maybe that was for the best.
"Just a few days," I muttered, feeling torn. 'The steady steps of my boots took me through the front gardens, down the stone path that twisted along the mountain and disappeared past the frozen walls. Iwas heading northwest to a pack. Isabella told me someone would meet me there and guide me to the swamp. No idea who she kept talking to, and I didn't want to spy on her, especially when she was helping me.
I followed the route she gave me, planning to wander a bit through the beastmen's continent. ---- I could've used my power to fly with the wind, but I chose to walk, stretch my legs, and soak in the scenery. What I didn't expect... was the ambush. Didn't even need to see it. The breeze carried that intoxicating scent right to me, hitting all my senses. I stepped out from between the trees where the path curved and found myself in a clearing... where he was waiting.
That intense gaze sliced right through me, those sky-blue eyes, sharp masculine features; I never imagined platinum hair could look so damn good until I met him. "prince Aidan," I stopped a few feet away, trying to steady my heartbeat. "You're wasting your time. Finding portals isn't that easy-not without a guide," he snapped. "hen be my guid how me how to get hom: "J don't even know where the hell your home is," he said, and honestly, he had a point.
Iwas tempted to tell him about the heart magic, but Isabella's warnings echoed in my head. "If you just showed me, maybe I could make the connection... feel my people..." 
###Chapter 1130
---- "what do you want in exchange for staying by my mate's side? Anything... just don't leave. I can give it to you," he offered, that arrogant tone of his starting to piss me off. "Riches, more power, another spell...? What do you want to turn around and serve my companion?" he growled, stepping closer, fangs showing. His pupils narrowed, turning red-the Alpha inside him was the one challenging me now.
"what makes you think you've got something I need or want, besides opening a damn hole that'll get me back home?" My words came out laced with fury too. The air between us grew heavy. Inablink, he was on me, slamming me hard against a tree trunk. His claws wrapped around my throat, his dominant aura closing in onme. "Pm not giving you choices, Nyx. You're pushing me to my limits. I swear by the Goddess, if you don't obey..." He kept throwing out threats, one more ridiculous than the next.
Ireally tried to pay attention, but my eyes kept drifting to those damn lips, just inches from mine. ---- His cold breath brushed my skin, his massive body caging me in and-Goddess help me-none of this was scaring me... What the hell snapped in my brain? "Pve got a deal for you, prince," I cut him off, because the urge to shut him up with a kiss was driving me insane.
His voice was gravelly, his breathing getting heavier by the second, and honestly, I wasn't sure anymore if this Alpha wanted to rip me apart... "So, what do you want to bargain?" "you," a twisted voice echoed in my mind, but I chose to ignore it. "since you can't accept that I'm not some weak little girl you can scare, how about a bet?" "his isn't a damn game, Nyx!" he growled, pressing harder against my throat, though he still didn't hurt me. "alpha," I called out straight to his inner wolf.
I could feel it pushing its dominance into my mind. "We fight, as equals. If you can overpower me in five minutes, I'lL go back to the palace. If not... you let me explore." 
###Chapter 1131
---- 110. I'MA SELENIA! NYX Aidan stayed quiet, staring at me like he wanted to devour me, break me, pin me down, wreck me... I don't know, I couldn't make sense of this man or all his moods. "Well then, little witch," that wolfish voice suddenly whispered in my ear as the winter male leaned in close. "But even if you cry, I won't show you any mercy. Time to learn who's in charge here." He even had the nerve to threaten me.
I scoffed as he walked away, taking off that black cloak, then the white shirt, heading toward the shelter of some trees. "Pm a Selenia, a Selenia!" I growled at him, even though I was starting to realize he only called me 'witch' to get on my nerves. My eyes locked on his bare, muscular back just before he disappeared behind the trunk. "Focus, Nyx." I slapped my cheeks lightly and took a deep breath, closing my eyes and summoning the shift. Thad good control of my magical wolf form.
---- Grandpa loved taking us out to run under the moon and train us to fight; even Laziel wasn't spared. I felt the transformation ripple through my limbs, dark mist rising from my pores, tingling in every nerve ending. He didn't even give me time to breathe. T opened my eyes the second I sensed the threat-the whisper of crushed leaves under fast paws. A massive, magnificent white wolf with piercing red eyes came charging at me, furious.
"T won't go easy on you just because you can't shift, disobedient female. I'm gonna teach you a lesson!" He roared through the universal link of his kind-and what he didn't know... was that Selenias could tap into that connection too. "Who said I couldn't shift into your species?" My icy blue eyes met his, savoring the flash of surprise he couldn't hide. With a sly smile, I spread the dark mist to blind him for a second. That's all I needed... "How... how can you hear me?" "Better watch your back, Alpha!" My wolf form lunged to bite his tail, but Vlad snapped out of his ---- shock fast. 
###Chapter 1132
---- He turned sharply, baring his fangs, catching sight of me just as the mist faded with the wind. Goddess, 'd left him speechless again-and that stunned expression was priceless. I stopped ameter away, ina fighting stance, ready for battle. "What? Surprised?" I said proudly, even spinning around to show off the fluffy black she-wolf I'd become. 'My soft tail flicked through the air, and his ruby eyes followed it, chaos swirling in their depths.
Not to brag, but my transformation could totally rival Aztoria's, Lyra's Alpha. "What... what kind of spell is this? Am I caught in an illusion?" His voice, tinged with Aidan's, echoed in my head. He even sniffed the air, looking around for illusion magic. "The only magical thing here is the bite I'm about to put on your ass!" I roared, leaping at him to fight. Vlad was way bigger than me, but I wasn't scared. "Time's almost up, Vladie!" I teased, dodging his bites and attacks.
Iwas faster thanks to my lean body. ---- Plus, Grandpa Aldric trained me to fight lycans-but something told me Vlad wasn't even going all in... Every time his jaws were close to my fur, he "missed" or slowed down. He pinned me down in the grass more than once, his huge body overpowering mine, but always left me just enough space to slip away. An Alpha like him didn't make mistakes like that. Something told me this wolfboy was enjoying our "fight" way more than he let on.
He jumped on my back when I got distracted, but I dragged my paw and flung some gravel into his eyes. "Cheater!" he shouted in my mind, shaking his head in frustration. "anything goes in this game, Viadie! One minute left!" I yelled, then dashed into the forest. 'My heart pounded like a drum in my chest, but damn, it had been a long time since I felt this alive. Still, I was panting and tired-no way I could keep dodging forever. I stopped for a second at the edge of the woods and glanced back.
Viad was still standing in the clearing, just watching me with that ---- intense gaze... but he didn't follow. 
###Chapter 1133
---- 111, NEITHER OF US WON NYX 'Those ruby eyes were so red they looked like they were bleeding. His muzzle slightly tensed-he looked conflicted. That fluffy head turned toward the palace, and I understood... the strange little game was over. The morning breeze blew through the white strands of his fur. An untamed wolf -and what's more... he had a mate. For a moment, I'd forgotten the most important thing of all... Isabella. "Well, I guess I won.
See you in a few days," I told him through the universal link of his race. He looked at me again, but this time, I was the one who didn't want to keep staring. Because every time I got close to Aidan, I felt conflicted, guilty... and greedy. I turned and ran down the mountain, dark paws moving through the bushes, scaring off squirrels and other little animals. Vlad didn't answer me. Neither did Aidan. It was better for everyone this way... but damn, it hurt.
Why did it ---- suddenly feel like there was a deep hole in my chest? I tried to shake it off and focus on finding the clues I needed. But then, out of nowhere, a sharp sound snapped me alert. I turned to dodge the incoming attack, but now it was obvious- Viad had been playing during our previous fight. 'My body rolled through the tall grass, scattering insects, and when Iooked up, his white muzzle was just a breath away from mine Ruby eyes were devouring me.
"Don't even think for a second you can beat me," the Alpha's voice echoed in my mind, his jaws lowering with warning I shut my eyes, sure he was going to bite, twisting to escape, but instead, he pinned me down, lying over my smaller body. Tbraced for pain... but it never came. What I got was something warm circling my wolf nose in slow strokes. Ipeeked one eye open and saw the black tip of his nose pressed against mine. "So grumpy...
and besides cheating, you're also a cowardly witch." "Ym a Selenia!" I growled, masking my nerves with fake anger. Butterflies fluttered in my stomach when I heard his deep, raspy laugh from deep within-low and way too short. 
###Chapter 1134
---- I wanted to hear more. His magical scent was intoxicating, and 'Theo wasn't even with him. Iwas fighting the crazy urge to lick him, to do something stupid.. We just stared at each other for what felt like an eternity, no words, only the weight of everything between us. Every day I had fewer doubts about the connection that tied me to Aidan Walker. How the hell did I end up with such a twisted kind of luck? "Go.
My realm is safe, and I can see you can take care of yourself." Aidan finally spoke, and Vlad stood up, making my body shiver from the sudden cold. "Ifyou get in trouble, show them the emblem Bella gave you. No one will mess with you," he added as I sat up. Just hearing her name again chilled my mind and soul. "selenias don't get into trouble, prince," I said, summoning my power and covering my face, now full of resignation.
"T'll be back in a few days," I added, shifting in the middle of a swirl of misty aura that burst into rays of golden light. My animal body turned human again, clothes forming around me, ---- and huge raven-like wings unfolded from my back. I wasn't just a Selenia's daughter. I was also the daughter of the Wraith King. 1 flapped my wings, sending strong gusts of wind that ruffled the fur of the white wolf watching me from below.
I started rising into the sky, giving him one last glance as I flew off in the direction I had chosen. A freezing breeze circled me, making me sneeze, messing up my hair before slipping into my ears. "show-off." Ismirked at his snort, and I admit-deep down, I wanted to impress him. I wanted him to see my power, my worth... that I was worthy... of... of... 'The smile on my face faded completely as I flew toward the horizon. I was only worthy of being called a traitor.
Craving aman who belonged to a woman who was suffering... and dying. Inever thought I'd feel like such a piece of shit... I need to go home. Thave to stay away from him. And maybe, after a long time of being alone, losing my mind missing what couldn't be... maybe then, P'll get another chance at love. ---- "you won't find what you're looking for, Nyx." Those were the last whispers on the cold wind. I wasn't going to let that get to me.
If he didn't want to help me, I'd carve my own way out of this damn continent. But my entanglement with Aidan was far from over... That night, something happened-something too disturbing... and too arousing. 2 
###Chapter 1135
---- 112. FORBIDDEN DREAM. NYX "7'm lost... no way it was this far. Did Isabella even give me the right directions?" I was talking to myself... I mean, deep in the forest, and no matter how much I flew around... not even a chicken coop, let alone a werewolf settlement. "Ugh, I'm still not at a hundred percent," I muttered as my boots touched the grass and I massaged the muscles in my shoulders and neck. 'My wings vanished with a touch of magic.
"[ think Pll rest here," I said while looking around. It was a small clearing surrounded by thick trees. I stretched out my senses and didn't feel anything dangerous nearby. The sun was sinking into the horizon, and nighttime was creeping up above me. "Grrr," my stomach growled out of nowhere. "If P'd known I was going to waste all day burning energy, I would've brought something to eat." I twisted my lips, wondering if I sucked at following directions or if Isabella just gave terrible ones.
---- I spent the last few hours of light looking for edible fruit and caught a hare-pretty easy for me. With the flames flickering across my face, I ate the roast, thinking about casting a spell and catching some sleep. And that's exactly what I did. I set a simple shield and conjured a dark blanket on the grass to keep me warm. The fire crackled beside me as my body quickly relaxed into rest Honestly, I got alittle too comfortable.
I didn't think anything big would happen out here in the middle of nowhere. But somewhere between drowsiness and sleep, I started feeling strange sensations. Someone was touching me... at first it felt like shy caresses, almost clumsy, but then they grew bolder. "Mmm," I moaned, squirming as two large hands softly squeezed my breasts. Cold licks trailed down my neck, fine lips sucking and kissing, hot breaths sweeping over my skin. Twas confused, my mind hazy, lost in some kind of dream...
I guess. "ssshh..." Larched when delicious sucks pulled at my nipples over ---- my dress. 'My hips were being groped and handled, a heavy body grinding against mine, a hard erection moving against my thigh. Aknee slid insistently between my legs and-damn Goddess-it was turning me on too much. I spread my legs, drowning in desire, flushed from the mix of heat and cold. I moaned, needy, as lustful growls echoed against my breasts, devouring my nipples like a feast, nearly ripping the fabric.
My hands wrapped around his broad back, fingers tangled in his short soft hair. He slid between my legs, lying fully on top of me. "gshh, Aidan..." I moaned his name in my sleep, unable to help it, feeling his tongue invade mine. A clumsy kiss moved over my lips, but I wasn't exactly good at kissing either, so it was weird and... kinda sweet.
But when my dress started to ride up my legs and the front straps over my tits were yanked hard, my mind tried to snap back for a second All of this felt way too... real. "Wait... mmnn, wait..." I pushed a little against his firm chest. 
###Chapter 1136
---- Then I saw him, kneeling between my legs, panting, sexy, and tousled from my touch. That man who was driving me insane. Those bright blue eyes stared at me, obsessed. "q... Aidan?" I looked around. It looked like the same clearing, with the same campfire, the same trees surrounding us... but it felt different. A misty veil clouded my senses. His masculine scent filled the air and wrapped around my soul. "Why are you here?
What..2" But the words stuck in my throat when he leaned in again, panting against my lips Those dangerous eyes, half-lidded. His tongue came out to lick my bottom lip. His hand slipped between my thighs, and I felt his calloused fingers exploring the soaked panties sticking to me with thick fluids. "aidan, no... ssshhh..." I hissed when he gave me a soft bite on the chin. My pupils froze seeing his smile up close-seductive, carefree, ---- slightly crooked.
This definitely wasn't the real Aidan. He would never look at me like that, much less chase me into the woods just to touch me like this. Guilt gnawed at me, but as that face I adored leaned toward mine, all I could think was... this was my fantasy. And no one had to know. It would be my secret, buried deep in my heart. I let him kiss me again and pulled him with me onto the blanket. Opened my legs to welcome him in, feeling that hard erection pressing against my mound.
'My hands clung to his strong back, and I kept taking in that wild kiss full of bites. "Mmmnonn... easy, my prince..." I licked a bit of blood from a nick caused by his massive canines. He sat up, looking worried as his fingers touched my lips. Yeah, it stung a little. "Don't worry," I smiled, touching his short soft beard. "since you're just a figment of my imagination and I have no kissing experience...
I guess that's just how it turned out." ---- I told him sweetly, enjoying having all his attention. "Come here, little wolf... let's learn how to kiss together." I pulled him close again, determined to make the most of this forbidden dream. 
###Chapter 1137
---- 113. IMITATING AIDAN NYX But he didn't want to kiss me anymore. He just gently pushed me back. 1 fell onto the blanket again, and his hands grabbed my ankles with dominance. Lended up in a shameful position-legs spread and bent. "aidan, what are you gonna do?... Wait," I tried to sit up, but he placed a hand on my belly, keeping me from resisting. He slipped under my skirt and started lifting it, exposing my thighs and the dagger strap on my right leg.
His tongue caressed my trembling skin, rising toward that pulsing spot that clenched, desperate to be touched. I saw his silvery hair buried between my legs, anda shiver ran down my spine as he deeply inhaled my scent. "Mnnn..." my toes pushed against the blanket when that wicked tongue licked up my soaked slit. "My prince, aah..." His rough fingers pulled my panties aside, exposing my dripping pussy to his wolfish gaze-all wet and needy, just for him.
---- 'My insides vibrated, and I felt lust and arousal like never before in my life. My moan got lost in the forest as Aidan opened my folds and shoved out that wild tongue to devour me. see AIDAN (The real Aidan, in his private bedroom at the castle) "Mmmnn, fuck, you taste so good... shhhh..." 'My tongue licked along that trembling pink flesh. I circled her clit and sucked it into my mouth, tasting the sweet juices dripping from that tight little pussy.
Heavens above, what the hell am I doing? sitting in the dark, against my headboard, pajama pants bunched around my thighs, I jerk off to thoughts way too twisted and insane. "aahhh, Aidan... suck me more there, yeah, yeah baby, right there The moans from that voice messed with my head and senses. Every time she said "baby, harder. 'my prince"... my cock got even 
###Chapter 1138
---- Her magic had me completely under its spell. What started as a release, fantasizing about my true mate, turned into my hand pumping my cock like crazy, jerking off to thoughts of her. That black hair spread across a blanket in the forest, her beautiful face looking up at me in awe, creamy tits spilling out, legs wide open just for me. I reach out in the fantasy, and as I eat her out, I fondle and grope her soft tits beneath her neckline. Everything about her feels so sweet...
like a horny, seductive virgin ...a fucking virgin driving me insane. "ah, ah, ah..." -her moans rise with every thrust of my tongue, Saliva runs down my chin. I squeeze her thighs, grope her ass, lift her off the blanket so I can eat her properly. Back in my room, I stroke my rock-hard cock faster, biting my lip so [won't moan from the filthy thoughts in my mind. It feels like I'm in two places at once. Her trembling pussy tells me she's close, and fuck...
asshhh, so am I ---- Iwant us to come together, to feel her tightness clenching around my cock as she cums. If I can't escape this filthy fantasy-even if I wanted to-then I'm riding it all the way to the end. sit up and nearly rip the buttons off my pants, loving the sight of her flushed face, those moans spilling from her bitten lips. When the hell did I kiss her? This dirty dream started between her legs. I don't care, and I'm not stopping to figure it out.
I pull out my cock right in front of her wide eyes and stroke it like I do in my room. I want to tell her not to be scared, 'cause her eyes almost pop out seeing I'm not exactly small. I savor her innocent reaction, how she gulps, the intoxicating scent of her arousal, and my pupils lock on her mouth, Filthy ideas of shoving my cock inside that mouth have precum dripping down my length toward her thighs. Ican't take it anymore, so I reach out and stroke that soaked, delicate, fuckable pussy.
I lean over, growling against her lips, rubbing my tip between her folds and feeling her tremble. I close my eyes, hissing in pleasure... damn it, it's been years since I was this turned on. The sensations are so intense, so real... is this ---- even a dream? I slide it up and down, mixing our juices, leaning in to kiss her lips, ready to push inside. Mmmnnn... I'm dying to fuse my body with hers. Her magic seeps into my skin and vibrates with my soul like nothing I've ever felt.
My hips lift stiffly from the bed, like I'm really about to experience heaven. I guide my cock and press in slowly... ssshhh... I can already feel her pussy clenching, swallowing me... mmm... yeah, baby, open those legs wider... "wait, Aidan... mmnn... wait..." Fuck, I can't wait, babe. I need to take you! A primal voice roars inside my head, but a whimper of pain makes me freeze instantly. 
###Chapter 1139
---- 114. THEO'S BETRAYAL AIDAN Her body's trembling. she's not closing her legs, but I can feel the tension and resistance. Ilook down. Ihaven't even pushed the tip in completely, but that uncomfortable expression on her face makes me come to a shocking realization. She really is a virgin... she's never given herself to another male, and in this crazy fantasy, she's going to let me take her first time. And my heart starts pounding like crazy as we lock eyes.
Something deep inside roars that she's mine, made for my pleasure alone. That this stunning female has been waiting for me. I don't want to hurt her body-not even in this illusion... The Aidan in my mind hesitates too, despite the savage desire to mount her... he doesn't know how to make love to her, and ''m starting to understand this madness even less... I want to wake up, and at the same time I don't... am I in my room or in the forest? ---- I feel myself kneeling between her legs.
Damn it, I can't leave it like this. "You can... you can do it, if it's you... it's okay..." I hear her soft voice and look at her face Woman, don't look at me like that-for the Goddess' sake-you're gonna shatter the last bit of sanity I have. With that innocent expression, tits out, and her pink pussy all wet and waiting for me... fuck, you're killing me. Icouldn't resist anymore. I leaned down and kissed her intimately, in away I never imagined wanting to kiss anyone but her.
She fell back on the blanket and I followed, pressing my body against her sexy curves T gripped my cock in one hand and started grinding against her hips, sliding between her slippery folds, rubbing the head right against her clit. Soon we were burning hot again, between kisses and touches. Her moans melted into my mouth, her throat vibrating under my lips. My mouth finally captured one of those tits I'd been dying to suck. "Grrr... mmnnn... yeah, yeah, fuck...
come for me, do it, little ---- selenia... shhhh, so wet..." 
###Chapter 1140
---- I ground frantically against her pussy, my hips hammering forward and back, my cock nearly slipping in from all the slickness between us. Her hands tugged at my hair. I couldn't stop sucking her nipples... Goddess, I don't know how I held back from fucking her when she was so damn wet, the squelching sounds echoing in my ears. "My prince, aahhh, I'm gonna cum... don't stop, don't stop..." And damn it if I was gonna stop.
I sat up, grabbing her hips with icy claws, holding her and thrusting her into me while my cock rubbed between her flushed, swollen lips. Her ass rested on my thighs, lifted from the blanket, spread wide just for my domination and pleasure. I tortured her clit, pressing the tip against it with no mercy, making her scream and squirm with lust. I felt the exact moment her pussy spasmed in a blazing orgasm.
My pupils burned that image into memory: her back arching, the look of bliss in her closed eyes. Her fists clenching the blanket. ---- Sweat trickling down her neck, droplets I was dying to lick from her breasts. She trembled against me, and the scent of her magic filled the air, spreading like a wave of aphrodisiac that pierced my soul and lifted me to the heavens. Troared in my mind, grinding two or three more times until I felt hot spurts spilling... onto my hand...
Because yeah, in that fantasy, my cum coated her pussy, and I made damn sure she was dripping with me so no other male would dare even get near her But in reality, when I opened my eyes and my head cleared, I realized I was just a pathetic man jerking off alone in his room. 1 looked down and saw the evidence of my betrayal on my hand. Suddenly it all made sense, and rage smothered the arousal that had been roaring through my veins seconds ago.
'The only one capable of manipulating my mind like that, of tricking me and casting a spell powerful enough to drag out all the forbidden desires I try to suppress... can only be him. He even dared to impersonate me and link our sensations so the two of us could feel Nyx at the same time... 'There's no way he dared to go that far... to use me and betray me ---- like this when I clearly told him I wouldn't accept her. "Damn you, Theo! WHAT THE HELL DID YOU DO?!" 
###Chapter 1141
---- 115. TWO AGAINST ONE AIDAN 1 No matter how much I called out to him in my mind, begged him to return, he didn't obey. Our differences were becoming more and more obvious. Theo had been with me since I was born, unlike Vlad, who was gifted to me by the Goddess on my 18th birthday. He was too powerful, with a will of his own, forged from the union of Centuria's fire and the Winter Men's ice.
He had always followed my will, accepted and loved Isabella as his own even though we weren't magical soulmates. Lused to think that kind of thing didn't even exist... until I stood before that energy, a mix of light and darkness. So vibrant and beautiful... just like her. Like the woman who makes me feel alive again and, at the same time, the worst man in the world. I furiously threw off the sheets where my desire had been released, yanked my pants back on, feeling disgusted.
Disgusted with myself, my thoughts, with the urges I could no longer control... ---- Iwalked barefoot to the balcony, stepping out into the cold night, digging my claws into the stone railing, staring up at the massive moon above my head. "Why have you punished me like this?!" I cried out to the Goddess for the first time. "Tt's because of the power you gave me!" I bared my canines in rage and helplessness. "You should've punished me! I was the one who took her to that damn continent!
THEN TAKE MY LIFE INSTEAD!" Iroared in my mind, letting out everything I'd kept buried for years, all the time away from my loved ones and my home. Ibuilt this cold palace with my magic to protect her from everything. Iwas just trying to keep her by my side, and now that I finally did... why did things have to turn out like this? 'The snowstorm grew stronger, the winds violently lashing through the air, mirroring the gales raging inside my soul.
I dropped to my knees, clutching my chest, head hanging low. My claws curled inward, nearly trying to rip my own heart out; blood droplets stained the floor. Theo wasn't going to stop-he craved her like nothing he'd ever ---- longed for before. 
###Chapter 1142
---- 'This was the first time he ever rebelled against me, and I knew he would fight with everything he had. Vlad wasn't helping either. He did nothing to stop his spell from invading my mind. And with my instincts and magic turning against me, it felt like they were both betraying me. Vlad was also giving up on his mate. "she's your mate, Viad! Even if Isabella won't let you feel the bond, you chose her for us!" I searched for his elusive presence in my thoughts.
I wouldn't give up-I'd fight them if I had to. "Aidan... we're just lying to ourselves... you know the truth just as well as I do..." "No, NO!" I growled furiously. "Nyx only showed you a damn wolf form and you already fell for her!" I remembered every conflicted, fascinated feeling he had when he saw her jump at him in her black-furred wolf form. Viad had always secretly longed to be with a woman who could shift into his own kind.
---- "Because Isabella could never give you what you wanted, now you let yourself be swayed by some cheap trick?" "AIDAN WALKER!" His roar made my head explode in pain, and I had to press my temples with both hands. "Don't treat me like some filthy traitor! I loved Bella more than my own life, but I'm going to spell it out for you, since you refuse to understand." I didn't want to hear it-I already knew what he was going to say. I wasn't ready for it... I never would be.
"Don't say it, don't say it..." "Aidan, it's not that she's blocking the bond with us... it's that it no longer exists..." Iwanted to silence his voice, stop the truth that was smashing into the wall I had built around myself. "My mate died in your arms that day, and with her, my mark. We're just clinging to an empty shell. Bella is suffering, and we're keeping her here out of our own selfishness...!" Iwas listening, but it felt like I was facing another enemy.
"Looks like Theo managed to rot your brain too." I stared down at the stone tiles with frozen pupils. ---- Cold tears had turned to ice on my cheeks, and I wiped them off roughly. "aidan, you're not the only one suffering here..." "gure looked like you weren't suffering while chasing after that wolf's ass." I snapped, standing up. He went silent, hiding like a coward in his inner world. If Thad to save my woman alone, I would. "You've always had the solution in your hands.
I can't open portals," he said before fading away from my consciousness. 1 "You're the one lying to yourself... the selfish one here is you." 
###Chapter 1143
---- 116. IT'S TIME TO CHOOSE AIDAN 1 Iclenched my teeth, shutting out his presence and Theo's damn presence too. I don't know how many hours I spent out there, almost naked under the storm... just thinking... Ineeded to feel her warmth again, to remember our bond, to search for that blackberry scent her body used to have... and now only reeked of death. Iwalked back through the halls like a ghost, like I had so many nights before.
Hiding my presence, I stood in front of her bedroom door-the one she hardly let me into anymore. Ever since she woke up, I could feel her growing cold, detached Isabella wouldn't let me touch her. She was always finding excuses to avoid me. It's not like I wanted to do anything extreme-I knew she was weak -I just wanted to sleep beside her, holding hands like we used to... like a real couple. "Mmmnn aayy..." I tensed at the low, painful moans.
Treached for the doorknob but froze when I heard the conversation happening inside Bella's room. ---- "gis, you can't keep going like this, I can't stand seeing you suffer like this... I'm telling Dad, we have to do that spell..." "No... no, Lisa... don't you dare... I'll never forgive you if you do that..." she gasped, her breathing erratic. Thad never heard her like that... so agonized. She had hidden those symptoms from me... "Nyx is good... You can't lock her away!
I don't want to live like this!" My soul clenched as I understood her words. "You won't be able to hold on much longer, the Goddess is calling you... Bella, you no longer belong in this world, we need to steal that woman's spirit!" Bella kept telling her no, saying she regretted calling her. I stood there, paralyzed in the dark. I knew exactly what Lisa, Bella's sister, meant. Of course I'd thought the same thing the first time I saw Nyx and realized the nature of her possession magic.
But after feeling her... knowing what she means to Theo... even to Viad and me... I couldn't do it. Tcouldn't do that to her. ---- Not even to save Bella. I turned and walked away from those rooms that were suffocating me, dragging me deeper into a hole Thad barely taken a few steps when I sensed someone following me to my room. "T now you were listening," Lisa's voice rang out behind me, but I didn't turn around.
"That foreign witch might be powerful, but with my father, Vincent's magic, mine, and of course yours-we can trap her spirit inside Bella forever..." "Do you really think that's what your sister would want?" I turned to face her coldly. "To live forever with another woman's presence trapped in her mind? Carrying the guilt of having stolen her life?" With every word I spoke, more and more rage burned inside me. It was so cruel that fate was forcing me to choose.
"Did you ever ask my sister if she wanted to be frozen in time just to please your selfishness?" she took a step forward, throwing everything back at me. "suffering all these years, those scars eating her from the inside..." 
###Chapter 1144
---- They had never agreed with me. I thought they would support me, but her father, the Sorcerer King, had long buried Isabella in his heart. "If you've already denied her a dignified death, then now that she has a chance to live-you have to help her!" Her words were blades sinking into my chest. Iwould do anything for Bella-I'd give my life if it meant she could go back to who she was... but sacrifice Nyx?
"It's true P've preserved her last breath all these years because I didn't want to lose her... but like you said, all I've done is cause her greater pain..." Iclenched my fists, swallowing the bitterness in every word, the truth I never wanted to admit. "[ won't keep adding to my sins, Bella will never forgive me if I do what you ask." I turned around, defeated, exhausted from everything. "are you really doing this for Isabella...
or are you just doing it for yourself again?" Lisa's voice echoed in the darkness. "Why are you protecting that outsider woman so much, Prince Walker?" I didn't answer. I kept walking. I wouldn't admit to anyone my ---- connection to Nyx. Theo confessed to me later that he felt her magic the moment she reached the edge of the barrier. He was the one who opened the door for her... who pulled her into Bella's body. He's the one who's been manipulating everything.
I don't even know how much Isabella is aware of any of this. I hope... none of it. I refused with all my strength to accept my bond with Nyx, but he would never give her up. sei I shoved one of the windows open and climbed onto the ledge, staring down into the icy abyss beneath the castle. Let myself fall like a rag doll, closing my eyes, surrendering to the free fall... to the icy wind trying to swallow me whole.
It wasn't the first time the thought of smashing into the ground had crossed my mind. But as the wind howled in my ears, a radiant vision lit up the darkness within me. She, flying with those black wings of soft feathers, laughing so beautifully, daring me from above. Inever thought of creating anything like that with my magic. ---- Even without Theo, I possessed arcane ice energy too. I started shaping each translucent feather, every icy strand, feeling the stubs grow from my bare back.
Just meters away from the deadly rocks below-I took flight. With massive wings made of winter, reflecting the moonlight. I soared skyward, feeling a kind of freedom I'd never known. So this was how Nyx felt when she flew across the skies. She had a kind of magic I'd never touched before-just as powerful as the only one Id ever known... my own. Thovered among the clouds, snowflakes falling over my almost naked body. Halfway between the full moon above and the lonely castle below.
That's exactly how my heart felt. Torn between the promise of something incredible and the sorrow of memories I couldn't forget. Viad had been right. Completely right. If I truly wanted to get rid of Nyx like I claimed-why hadn't I helped her go back home? ---- I kept lying to myself, saying it was all because of Bella... but deep down, I knew the truth- Even the thought of losing her too... terrified me. Stil .. it was time to choose.
My blue eyes drifted from the beautiful, distant moon as my frost wings carried me back toward the familiar castle Twouldn't abandon Bella. Even if every part of me resisted it... soon, I'd have to open another portal. But fate, once again, didn't follow the path I had planned. 
###Chapter 1145
---- 117. LOVE YOU NYX My brain was telling me to react, to realize how weird all these fantasies were. But my heart-and more than anything, the delicious sensations running through my body-were screaming at me not to stop whatever this was. Panting and trembling with pleasure on that blanket, I couldn't take my eyes off Aidan's shimmering ones. But after he came, so hot, showing me just how fucking sexy he'd look having an orgasm between my legs, he completely changed.
I felt him freeze, and he lowered his head without letting me see his face. His short, sweaty hair fell over his eyelids, where his pale lashes fluttered nervously. "Prince?" My voice came out a little hoarse as I stretched out my fingers, trying to sit up. "Are you... regretting this?" Even my determination shook, like I was really in front of the Prince of Frost himself. ---- Like my heart was about to split in two the moment I met his eyes full of disgust and revulsion.
My hand stayed suspended just inches from his face, hesitating, wishing I could just wake up in the next second. "If you regret it, go... I can't hold you back, even if I want to..." I whispered, ready to summon my magic and break what I knew deep down was some kind of spell I had willingly fallen into. But at the very last second, he raised his head and caught my hand in his, intertwining our fingers.
He was on top of me again, almost pinning me to the blanket, his cold lips pressing against mine. Wrapping his muscular arms around my body. His face was a mix of torment and desire, and those blue eyes, like ethereal stars, were locked only on me. "Nyx..." he murmured, saying my name in a voice that was part Aidan and part something much more primal. I was surprised to hear him, he hadn't said a single word to me all this time. "T..." he swallowed, devouring me with his gaze, so possessive he gripped my soul in his fist. 
###Chapter 1146
---- "I love you... you... you're mine." He confessed with such certainty, it sent my heart into a wild, erratic rhythm... Before I could answer, he crashed his mouth onto mine ina desperate, demanding, insane kiss. kissed him back just as hard, biting his lips, tangling my tongue with his, moaning in pain and pleasure against him. Tasting the bitterness of a few tears that escaped as I held him against my chest. 'That dominant magic of his tangled with mine, so cold and yet so warm.
It seeped into every pore of my body, rushed through my veins, and marked every cell with his essence. Ididn't resist, I exposed my magical soul too, which eagerly wrapped around his. Irecognized him too, and let our energies vibrate in sync; making the forest sing as the breeze filled with golden and silver sparkles. Let myself drown completely in that white winter, snowy pines, and beautiful snowflakes. eK ---- 'That night, I slept in "Aidan's" arms.
I don't care what really happened-I'm not interested, and I don't want to know. I'll just keep these sensations buried deep in my heart. Curled beneath his magical body, fooling myself with something that could never be. Almost at dawn, still wrapped in night and forest shadows, a sudden noise and the chill breeze woke me with a start. Still drowsy, I sat up, and when I saw the empty blanket, loneliness crept back in. "Goodbye, little wolf," I said to no one, pushing down the bitterness.
The muffled sound of some soft moans made me glance toward another part of the forest. What was happening? I stood up carefully, checking on the campfire, which had gone out. My clothes were alittle rumpled from sleeping, but definitely not soaked in all the "stuff" Aidan was supposed to have left between my legs. Just horny fantasies. ---- Sighing over the mess of my life, I decided to check out what was going on. I wasn't scared-maybe someone was in trouble-so I headed into the dark woods.
Insects hissed, and a few owls were flying back from their nightly hunts. Close by, there was a cave half-hidden by vines, and low growls echoed from within. As I got closer, I realized it was some kind of animal... could it be a werewolf? I decided to take the risk and stepped through the shadowy entrance. Isummoned a small floating flame to light my way, and what I saw was incredible. There was definitely a creature in distress, but it was a species I had never seen before in my life. 
###Chapter 1147
---- 118. SAVING A LIFE NYX At the back wall lay a massive body that nearly reached the ceiling. Solid black scales looked impenetrable and sharp, with powerful claws on all four legs, and the most terrifying part of all... That creature was now staring at me with hostility, six red eyes locked on me-uh-huh... a seriously oppressive feeling, Through its sharp teeth, a low hiss warned me that if I took one more step... nothing would really happen to me...
Not just because I was able to defend myself, but because this female was injured, bleeding from everywhere, and most concerning of all-her belly was huge. She was pregnant, bleeding out... and in labor. "J don't want to hurt you... can you understand me?" I said, raising my hands to show I meant no harm. I took a few steps, but her growls of warning mixed with agonized ones. Lying on her side, I could see all the bloody fluid pouring out from between her legs.
The worst part were the wounds and bite marks from what had ---- clearly been a brutal attack, they had even gone after her belly. She was going to die-her and her baby-if I didn't act right now. "Pm a witch. I know some healing magic. I can save you..." I stepped closer, but she tried to get up and attack me. "your baby's going to die if you keep being stubborn!" I yelled, releasing my magic, hitting her straight on.
regretted it a second later, thinking she'd go wild, assuming I was attacking. But to my surprise, she calmed down. Those ruby-like eyes stayed locked on me, then she sniffed in my direction, and finally slumped back against the wall in pain. I subtly smelled myself. Could the scent of my magic have soothed her? "Ggrrr..." A deep growl and a gush of blood from her rear legs snapped me into action.
Driven by compassion, I rushed to her, staying alert in case she attacked, and began weaving healing spells. We had studied all the basics with Great-Grandma Gabrielle. I filtered my magic through the open wounds and broken-off scales. The fight she'd been in had been brutal, defending her life and the one growing inside her; I had no doubt. 
###Chapter 1148
---- I checked the baby inside her belly-the pulse was barely there. 'There was only one pup, and I wasn't sure it would survive. As if she had read my mind, the mother gave a painful whimper and nudged me with her head toward her belly. 'The contractions made her tail slam hard against the ground, kicking up clouds of dust. "I don't know... I don't know if it'll make it..." I muttered sadly, but she kept pushing, insisting, nudging me toward her belly again.
Without words, I knew exactly what she was telling me: save her pup. "Oh Goddess... what have I gotten myself into? What do I do?" My hands, soaked in blood, even slipped inside to try and pull the baby out, but she was too weak to come on her own. Desperate roars echoed from the creature. It was all too heartbreaking-I could feel the tiny heart fading. I swear, even that beast, who looked like a fierce predator, had tears rolling down her black scales. "No!
I'm not letting anyone else die!" I shouted, sick of all the drama in my days. This was a life I was going to save no matter what. ---- "('m going to cut open your belly to take her out. It's going to hurt, but don't move. You can't move!" As if she understood, she stayed perfectly still, enduring it... 'Thanks to my first-aid spells, at least she wasn't bleeding out anymore.
I summoned a sharp blade of ice-Aidan's elemental energy-And I began to cut through her stomach, guided by the signals my magic sent me. 'The belly was softer than the rest of the skin, and after layers of muscle and tissue, I finally saw the treasure that mother was hiding. Sweating and trying not to mess up, I tore through the sac and pulled the little one out. She was bigger than I'd imagined, curled up, and I held her in my slippery hands, placing her beneath her mother's muzzle.
I saw the joy and love in that rare creature, even while enduring such a destructive birth like a warrior. As she licked her pup and breathed life into her, I looked for a way to help close the deep wound. I'd spent a lot of energy-I was exhausted, sweating, and still hadn't fully recovered from my forced trip through the portal. ---- Even so, wiping my forehead and watching them recover, I smiled with satisfaction. 
###Chapter 1149
---- 119. MEETING ANOTHER WALKER NYX I felt good having saved them-the little pup was a female too. They were born with those armor-like scales already in place, even with their eyes open. Right now, she was eagerly feeding on her mother's milk, who still lay against the wall. "you did great," I told her, standing up and noticing the mess of blood all over me. Outside, the birds were already singing the notes of dawn. "Pll go hunt something for you.
It'll be my last help to you," I said, looking into her tired eyes before turning around. But something suddenly brushed my hand. I looked back-it was the creature's cold snout. Her dark tongue came out to lick me, careful not to hurt me with those massive teeth. I was surprised by the change in her behavior, but I understood-it was her way of saying thank you. "It's okay... my mother gave birth to us in a cave too, and it was really hard," I said, stroking between her nostrils.
---- I stepped out of the cave and took a deep breath. The air inside had been kind of suffocating. Iheaded into the forest, looking for a large prey to hunt for her. Thoped I wouldn't run into any more strange species, but honestly, this continent kept surprising me. Not only did I find another one of those massive creatures, but also the breathtaking scene of a fire wolf fighting it. Exotic and fierce, with blazing blue flames full of danger.
Hidden behind a tree, I thought for a second the whole forest would go up in flames, but the wild fire only touched the scales and burned through the flesh A deafening roar shook the clearing as it lunged to bite it; however, the attacks just sank into thin air. Waves of intense heat hit my face, reddening my cheeks and making my short hair blow back.
The trail of power soared into the sky, the wild fire swirling in the shape of a two-meter-tall wolf that now circled the creature, charring it inside the ring. It was fascinating! BAM! 
###Chapter 1150
---- The ground shook when it hit the floor, writhing in agony and burning in flames that wouldn't die until it was completely consumed. I stared at that elemental magic. I remembered Isabella's words about the two hierarchical werewolf races of this continent. This had to be Centuria fire. His bright eyes turned in my direction, spotting me, and he began to walk toward me, not burning anything he touched unless he wanted to.
I backed away from my hiding spot, wondering if now he was coming for me. Iprepared my defense, but all my senses screamed-someone was sneaking up behind me I spun around and attacked without even thinking. But the dark magic dagger was absorbed by the extended hand of a man. Just like that, without any effort, he swallowed my power and his skin remained intact. Inow found myself in front of two peculiar figures.
A stunning redhead with vibrant blue eyes and the dark-haired man who had just devoured my energy like a snack. "Don't be afraid, we're not hostile," the female said with a smile. ---- Her features looked a little familiar. "and you two are...2" I asked, not lowering my guard, still alert as, the fire wolf passed by my side, giving me a curious look.
suddenly, it jumped eagerly and wrapped itself around the redhead's fingers like a spoiled child, then dove into her body ina burst of blue sparks. "Pm Amber, and this is my mate, Vincent. You must be Nyx...!" she stepped forward, and before I could back away, she hugged me like we were old friends. Her silky, vibrant hair tickled my nose. I felt like pulling away-I was filthy, and she was so beautiful and smelled like roses. I stood there kind of stiff... and also, how did she know me?
Could they be the ones who were supposed to take me to that swamp? 'The man remained silent, standing with a serious expression, always watching the redhead. "Pm family of that grumpy ice cube!" she suddenly said, stepping back and grabbing my shoulders to give me a playful shake. "aidan's my big brother! I've been dying to meet you! You're so cute!" ---- Meet me? And wait... She's the princess of the continent?! Aidan's sister?! 'The question mark was practically floating over my head.
But before I could say another word, my Selenian magic picked up something interesting in the belly of that powerful she-wolf. 'The Prince of Frost... was going to be an uncle soon. And well... Isabella too. Iwas getting really close to discovering the entire royal family, and I had no idea that the creature I'd just saved during labor was also connected to Aidan Walker. It felt like fate itself was conspiring to drag me into his world, into his family, into his loved ones...
But every time I was with them, and I craved the warmth they shared, guilt would eat me alive because deep down, I felt like I was stealing the love that belonged to Isabella. A woman who also had a powerful family... and without realizing it, Iwas already in the crosshairs of the Sorcerer King, Edmund... her father, 
###Chapter 1151
---- 120. THE NEW PACK OF NYX NARRATOR Nyx felt a little shy in the face of Princess Amber's excitement. She didn't even know her, yet the redhead was chatting nonstop about her realm and her family. The sorceress's blue eyes drifted to the serious man standing behind the overly cheerful woman. That Vincent guy barely said a few words by way of introduction. Just as reserved as the powerful magic he carried, even though he was a Beta Werewolf.
Truth was, Nyx felt more in her element around people like him. Maybe it was because her first teacher had been her father, and he was so quiet you'd think he'd been made in a silence factory. But she had always loved how her dad only had the most beautiful words for her mother. "Why did you fight that beast?" she asked Amber curiously as they stepped into the clearing, where the scent of scorched meat filled the air.
"Because it attacked us out of nowhere, and with deadly intent," Vincent explained ---- "It's a female Drakmor. They're not native to this territory, but they cross over from the Beastmen Continent," he added, tightening his grip around Amber's waist. He pulled her closer, telling her mentally to tone down her happiness.
Amber was being way too enthusiastic; the only thing missing was her screaming, "please take care of my brother when he becomes a widower!" Everyone in the family had been too worried about the prince's detachment and mental health, but the idea was to help him, not scare away the woman who might pull him out of the abyss. "Are they evil creatures?" Nyx kept asking, thinking about the mother she had saved along with her pup. "Not necessarily...
they are aggressive, but right now there's a pact with the Alpha of the Drakmor," Amber frowned slightly as she thought of Ignacio. Ignacio was the male Drakmor Aidan had saved as a cub, who later became the Alpha of those bloodthirsty predators. He had clung to Aidan like he was his own father. Even after finding his own family, Ignacio left his mountain and brought them all along to chase the prince on his adventures. 
###Chapter 1152
---- Sadly, that also cost the Drakmor the life of his mate; only his two children survived. since those dark years, his bond with Aidan had faded. Ignacio was no longer the same one who used to treat them like his people. More and more, there was fear that the Drakmor would go back to being enemies of the Werewolves. "J... found another one of those things in this forest," Nyx told them, full of doubts. What if she had made a mistake? "Another Drakmor?" Vincent glanced at Amber.
They definitely needed to increase surveillance on the passage between the two continents. Nyx gave them a brief summary of how she saved her-and that she was pregnant. They walked to the cave and peeked inside. Right away, the female hissed a dangerous warning, hiding her little pup behind her tail and belly. "It's okay, no one's going to hurt you," Nyx promised, taking a few steps forward. She didn't care about their disputes-she actually liked this beast.
---- No way was she going to let them roast her. She approached slowly, leaving Amber and Vincent at the entrance "Nyx, no, she could be dangerous..." "Don't worry, I can defend myself," she replied to the princess, reaching out toward the Drakmor's snout. 'The creature instantly calmed down and licked her slowly, revealing the treasure she'd been hiding for Nyx to see. "Already this alert, huh?" The little one raised her head and let out a soft chirp toward her.
The spiky scales running from the crown of her head to the tip of her tail twitched in an amusing way. She jumped out from her mother's protection and stood in front of Nyx on her four powerful legs, reaching up to her thighs and catching her off guard. "How are you already walking?" she murmured, lowering her hand to scratch the cold snout, and the little Drakmor closed her eyes, pleased by the strokes... from... from... her sister! Selenia had already been included in a new family unit.
"Drakmor creatures are incredibly dominant. They're born ready to fight," Vincent explained. "Nyx even shares Aidan's love for those ugly beasts," Amber ---- muttered, remembering how her brother was always chased around by little Ignacio when they were kids. But as they neared the mother and pup, something caught both sides' attention. 'The Drakmor sniffed toward Amber and looked at her more calmly, and the princess recognized a familiar scent too-especially from the pup.
"She's the daughter of the Drakmor Alpha," Vincent sensed it too. "Ignacio's?" Nyx turned around, the pup now in her arms and her face full of shock. 1 What kind of unbelievable coincidence was this? 
###Chapter 1153
---- 121, FIND YOUR OWN SELENIA! NYX "Yes, she's definitely Ignacio's descendant. That's why she's not attacking us. They still honor Aidan's bloodline," Amber said, locking eyes with the female. "I don't know what's going on up in Drakmor Mountain. It seems... complicated," she added with a sigh. A Drakmor giving birth to an heir here, and that other beast they'd killed looked like it had been searching for something. "They were after her to execute her.
It's clear there are disputes among the female Drakmor," Vincent summarized. Nyx just stared at the mountain of black scales. There wasn't much more she could do to protect her. "Well, you're doing better now. Stay hidden, don't attack any werewolves, and take care of your baby," Nyx started giving her orders like the old woman of the family. Amber and Vincent watched her with amused eyes. When they came out of the cave, Nyx noticed their amused expressions.
"What is it?" she asked, confused, following them through the forest. ---- "You really think she's just gonna stay there?" Amber said, sniffing the air. "Uh-huh... she's already following you." Nyx stiffened a bit, walking slower, and realized the massive creature was indeed carrying the pup in her mouth and following her "cautiously." "Why is she doing that?" she leaned down to whisper. "That's just how they are. Skittish, even cruel... but also deeply loyal and grateful.
She owes you her life and her daughter's. You're already part of her pack," Vincent explained, leaving her speechless. What kind of crazy situation was this? "Well... let her do what she wants, as long as she doesn't cause trouble," Nyx finally shrugged, not thinking much more of it. She had no idea she'd just gained the key to control the rage of the Drakmor in the future... and possibly avoid a brutal war. "We'll head to the Winter Pack first, okay?" Amber took her hand and explained.
"So you can change and rest... and meet other Winter men like my brother." Amber met the Selenia's clear eyes as she nodded. She sighed silently, her heart caught between sadness and relief. ---- They'd done their part. Now all they could do was hope Aidan would make it count... especially the effort Isabella was making in her final moments. seek Aidan stood at the top of his castle's tower, still staring into the dark hallway. He had fought with Bella again.
She insisted he go to the Winter Men's pack. His Druid, Aron, had summoned him after many years for a Clan ceremony. Normally, Aidan would blowall that off without a second thought. But this time... Isabella had gotten it into her head that he needed to support his people. He didn't want to leave her alone-especially not with Lisa. He was terrified of the things that woman might plant in Bella's mind. But there was no convincing her.
The sorceress had screamed at him like amadwoman, telling him he was suffocating her, that she needed to be alone without his pitiful gaze always following her. Aidan sighed, pinching the bridge of his nose. He was exhausted... and sinking. 
###Chapter 1154
---- Deep down, he wanted to run from this castle that had turned into the grave of his love He threw himself into the void, and the wind shaped enormous wings of ice as he took flight toward his people's pack. He was to become the next Druid, and it had been years since he'd even shown his face among the Winter Men. He crossed the vast forest and descended the frozen mountains. His eyes constantly searched, hoping for a trace of Nyx... but she wasn't there, not among the trees.
He didn't want to admit how desperately he longed to see her again. Hopefully, she had already reached the swamp. The sun disappeared over the horizon, and the moon rose with silver rays. From afar, Aidan saw the lights of the houses and the bonfires in the plaza. Lively music floated in the air. The towering walls of ice marked the boundary of the Winter Clan. The sentinels looked up at the streak of frost soaring over their heads.
Aidan inhaled deeply, breathing in the scent of home, of fresh- ---- baked bread, even the familiar smell of his family-but one in particular captured his full attention. Vlad suddenly stood up, sniffing hard in a certain direction and wagging his tail discreetly. Theo was still in full rebel-without-a-cause mode; Aidan couldn't even find him. His wolfish eyes narrowed from a rooftop, hidden in the night, wrapped in shadows. There she was-his sweet torment. What was she doing here...
and next to his sister and brother-in-law? Aidan devoured her with his eyes. She wore a tight dress that hugged her slim waist, and the seductive curves of her breasts spilled over the square neckline. That bold cherry-red dress contrasted perfectly with her pale skin and raven-black hair. She clapped, smiling at the dancing couples in the center of the plaza-mostly stunning redheads dancing with white-haired men. Centurions with Winter Men. The perfect mix of ice and fire.
But nothing was more beautiful than Nyx... than the glow in her eyes, and those delicious lips that-despite everything -he was dying to kiss, this time with no illusion behind it. ---- Aidan stepped forward, like some invisible string was pulling him toward her, ready to fall... but something stopped him. A powerful wolf, with platinum hair braided back, walked over to his Selenia. Itwas Phillips, the current Alpha of the pack and-besides being gorgeous-he was single.
"Damn it, Amber," Aidan growled between clenched teeth, watching his sister shove Nyx into the man's arms so he'd ask her to dance Something dangerous stirred in his chest as he saw male hands closing around Nyx's body. Aidan took a step forward, folding in his wings and crashing down from above. Acloud of dust rose beneath his boots. His fangs stretched from his gums and a jealous snarl clawed at his throat. He began walking toward the plaza, his aura as sharp as a blade.
This party was about to end with a maimed Alpha... and a Selenia no longer on the virgins' side. 
###Chapter 1155
---- 122. SHE GAVE YOU HER BLESSING NARRATOR 'The frozen aura burst out all at once, freezing even the happy little fly that was buzzing over the pot of stew. Phillip froze, his fingers inches away from touching Nyx's hand, who was also staring wide-eyed at the dark alley where her greatest temptation had just appeared. Her heart started pounding like crazy the moment their eyes met. What the hell was Aidan doing here?
"Oh, oh, this is about to get interesting." Amber popped a bit of ground meat into her mouth with a devilish grin. She wanted to see how long her big brother could stand someone drooling over his mate right in front of him. Vincent glanced at his brother-in-law with pity. Poor guy had no idea about the entire plot against him... or maybe, for him. seb Everyone began greeting him with respect, even the elders of the Clan. They admired power, and no one doubted Aidan was at the top.
---- "prince, to what do we owe the honor of your visit?" Phillip turned toward him, speaking politely but without submission. He had always hated how superior Aidan acted, saw it as disrespectful that he didn't even care about the issues of the winter men. "Why? I can't come to my pack whenever I damn well please?" Aidan pushed back hard, doing everything he could not to give in to those primitive instincts clouding his head.
"of course, this has always been your hom..." "Didn't you say you'd be back at the palace quickly?" he cut the Alpha off, turning to Nyx. "This was the urgent matter that couldn't wait?" His eyes locked onto the few inches between her tiny hand and the other male's. Nyx couldn't believe how rude this wolf was being, and in front of everyone. Who did he think he was? Did he really see her as just a tool to keep his mate conscious?
"since when do I owe you any explanation about what I do or don't do with my life?" Gold clashed against blue. Aidan stepped forward, ready to grab her arm and pull her aside, but then... "Aidan! So glad you're here!" Aron's voice rang out nearby as he rushed over. ---- Amber and Vincent had also gotten up to intervene. Amber looked like she was ready to tear her brute of a brother apart. How dare he talk to Nyx like that?
Things settled a bit with Aron's arrival, pulling Aidan into the druidic ceremony prep But the prince's mind and attention kept drifting toward the plaza, where she was still chatting, laughing, and having fun with another man...a man who wasn't him. Every instinct in his body screamed to go claim what was his. "Damn it!" he slammed the table full of herbs, sending them crashing to the floor under the splintered wood. Aron sighed, seeing how completely unhinged Aidan was.
"calm down, or do you want everyone to know just how much you care about that female?" he said, slamming the door shut. Aidan didn't answer right away, just stared at him... "J don't know what you're talking about..." "aidan Walker, don't you dare play me for a fool. I've got centuries on you!" he growled, stepping closer. "It's obvious-you're dying of jealousy, kid." Aron sighed, heart heavy at seeing how destroyed he was. Aidan collapsed into a chair, burying his face in his hands. 
###Chapter 1156
---- "she's Theo's mat and Vlad likes her too... He's willing to betray ---- Isabella. Both of them turned against mé "No, Aidan... you're the one turning against yourself." The Druid's hand squeezed his shoulder. Aidan looked up, and Aron could see the torment in the depths of his soul. "You're the smartest man I've ever met. Your wit and sharpness have always amazed me," he told him honestly.
"so connect the dots, analyze what's happening, climb out of that damn pit of guilt you've buried yourself in-and you'll realize who put all these 'coincidences? in motion." The prince's heart skipped a beat. Of course he'd noticed... he just didn't want to face it "she's giving you her blessing, Aidan. She's never blamed you. Don't repay her with selfishness... Loving someone means letting go too." Aron could feel the storm raging inside his disciple- contradictions crashing into each other.
The guilt, the regret, the faded love, the growing desire, and anew craving to feel and to live again. He patted his shoulder once more and walked out of the ceremonial house to give him some space. Aidan's magic was fading. He was barely a shadow of the man he used to be. ---- Not just because Theo was no longer inside him, but because his arcane energy was constantly feeding the spells cast over the castle to protect Isabella's final breath. It was draining.
Only he could manage something so colossal... But nothing lasts forever. If he kept this up, he'd bury himself along with her. eee NYX Why? WHY?! WHY THE HELL?! Damn it, Iwas so pissed at myself. Ever since that unbearable wolf showed up, I couldn't focus on anything else. He was such a jerk, nothing like his magical little wolf -so damn annoying! Ugh, he drove me nuts. "_.?'m really strong, maybe you'd like to challenge me in Valhall..." "Huh? Oh, right, sure..." I smiled awkwardly.
I had no clue what he was talking about. Iwas only entertaining this guy out of pure rebellion. I could admit it-I secretly wanted to piss off a certain prince, maybe even make him jealous... But Aidan wasn't even around. "The ceremony's about to start. I have to go. But Nyx..." He tooka step closer, and I tensed abit. ---- T wasn't dumb. I knew this male was into me. "afterward comes the celebration. Maybe... you'll say yes to a walk with me." His intense eyes were drilling into mine.
Maybe it wasn't fair to keep giving him hope, but then... that snowy scent I loved drifted to my nose. 
###Chapter 1157
---- 123. DO YOU LIKE MY BETA? NYX "sure, I don't see why not," I gave him a dry smile, watching his eyes light up. Oh Goddess... what a bitch I was. Maybe I shouldn't... But when the Alpha walked toward the stage in the middle of the square, my eyes followed him-and locked with Aidan's. He was staring at me from afar, and I knew damn well he'd heard me. This time, I was the one who looked away, heading over to where Amber was waving for me to sit.
T listened to her chatter, to the excited buzz about what was about to happen, but my senses always drifted back to him: For heaven's sake, I'm getting obsessed with Aidan. "Let the Ceremony to give thanks for our strength begin!" The called Druid stood beside Aidan and began lifting prayers to the Goddess.
At least they shared the same deity as we did, so I looked up at the moon too, wondering, ?When the hell am I going to find the clues to get back home "Let the Valhall begin!" he shouted after a while, and everyone cheered. ---- "What's the Valhall?" I leaned in to ask Amber. "They're battles to prove the clan's strength," she explained briefly-they were basically power challenges. "wanna join?" she suddenly asked.
"You can also challenge your favorite male..." Iblushed at her very not-so-subtle hint. Apparently, my interest in her brother wasn't such a secret after all. "sure, why not?" I replied, though I wasn't thinking about fighting that icy jerk. The truth was, there was someone in particular who'd caught my attention. "Nyx wants to fight!" Amber suddenly shouted over the crowd. "amber," I hissed through my teeth, seeing all the eyes turn toward us-my hand raised high by hers.
I didn't know whether to laugh or cry. She was like the wolf version of Victoria. "T wanna see the outsider fight!" "Go on! Get in the ring!" "She's skinny, who do you think she'll challenge?" "They're gonna turn her into mush..." All kinds of wild guesses were flying around, even bets. Most of them were underestimating me, and I smirked a little. 
###Chapter 1158
---- "state the name of the person you wish to challenge, dear guest," the Druid's vibrant voice called from the stage. Tlooked his way-and Aidan was watching me, even stepping forward slightly. Did he really think 'd pick him? Pfft. ?Not giving you the chance to reject me this time, frosty vanilla? Without breaking eye contact, I said the name of my opponent "{ choose to fight Beta Vincent." Ha! Right in your snobby little face.
His brow furrowed hard-he looked like he wanted to freeze me with his aura. Too bad that didn't scare me at all. But when I turned to look at the Beta... Amber was the one who looked scary. What the hell? Why was she staring between Vincent and me like that? "T... [just want to test his power, that's all..." I even felt the need to defend myself. 'Was she jealous? Her eyes narrowed, sizing me up, giving me goosebumps. Vincent whispered something in her ear, and she relaxed a bit.
From the murmurs around me, I finally got it-and almost backed out. These fights... they were kind of for flirting. Especially with ---- females challenging the males they liked. That's why the Alpha had suggested fighting me. By the way, now he was watching me like a sad puppy from the crowd. "J accept the challenge," Vincent's serious voice finally came, and he stepped toward the open ring.
1 looked back at Amber and snorted a laugh when I saw her pointing two fingers at her eyes, then at me, like ?I'm watching you.? She was such a kid-spoiled and clearly adored by her people. "For the record, I just want to see what your power's about," I said to the Beta when he was a few feet away. "No need to explain," he replied, straight and to the point. Yep, definitely another one of my dad's team.
'What are the rules?" "Whoever gets a dagger or their fangs to the opponent's neck first wins," he said, locking eyes with me. "Don't think I'll go easy on you. I can feel your power-it's not something to mess with." His sharp instincts impressed me, and I appreciated the respect. Then his dark eyes drifted over my shoulder. I knew he was looking at Aidan. Maybe even talking to him mentally. ---- "Let the first battle begin! Ready yourselves!" the Druid called, and I focused on the fight.
"gol" With that shout, I saw the Beta's muscular body shift into a midnight wolf, tearing through his clothes and unleashing his aura in one violent blast. Shit. He was dead serious. 
###Chapter 1159
---- 124. MAGIC DEVOURING FLOWERS NYX I summoned my favorite weapon with magic, and just as he lunged at me, a huge, razor-sharp axe materialized in my hands. T swung the blade toward him, grazing just millimeters from his fur -he'd think twice before attacking me head-on. But he was fast and slippery, sharp as hell. I rolled across the ground when he launched at me from a blind spot on my side Hit the cold stone hard, arms raised with the handle gripped tightly.
His open jaws clamped onto the wood, jerking my arms back and forth. Twas about to kick him in the gut, but then something insane happened: The axe's magic was being absorbed by the wolf. Something oozed out from his fur-black root-like vines from some kind of plant, and they wrapped around the handle, disintegrating it at an alarming rate. "What the hell is this?!" "NYX, STAY FOCUSED!" Aidan's roar snapped me out of it. The axe vanished from my hands-along with my defense.
When the Beta's wolf went in for the win, I raised my elbow and ---- slammed it into his snout, stunning him for a few seconds. My knee landed squarely in his stomach, forcing him back just enough for me to shift into mist and escape his trap. "so, it's true..." I said, panting, standing a few meters from the powerful wolf. "You really can consume magic. In that case..." I paused, my eyes flashing with excitement.
"Let's see how much you can swallow..." I smirked, raising my hands and unleashing my power. The sky began to darken, shadows stretched across the ground, and a thick layer of dark mist began to surround the arena-and Vincent. He rushed toward me, realizing he couldn't waste more time... But it was already too late. seek VINCENT "artemis, focus!" I shouted to my wolf, disoriented by the fog.
" Use your nose, find her!" "But she smells like everything around us!" he growled, frustrated, narrowing his eyes in the impenetrable darkness. "Then bring out the Devouring Flowers to clear all this damn shadow magic." I pushed him to use that dark power that had almost cost me my life. 
###Chapter 1160
---- But it was also the only thing that let me be with my mate without being burned by her Centuria flames. Artemis let them out to play, and vines stretched from his paws, crawling across the arena, blooming into black roses that immediately sucked in Nyx's power like addicts. But she was right -even surrounded by a field of flowers, we couldn't swallow all that heavy Selenian magic.
"Behind you, Artemis!" I felt the danger coming from behind, and my wolf spun around-just in time to see the gleam of a golden blade cutting through the fog. She had switched weapons. Damn it! How many tricks did that race have?! Nyxwas appearing and vanishing all over the place, blocking our sight and scent. She became a shadow that could've killed me at any second. If this had been a real fight... I don't think I'd have made it.
'My own paws were stepping over the massive roses, now bursting with her magic-and that Selenian girl felt damn near invincible. "Above us!" Raven wings echoed over our heads. Artemis lunged to bite without thinking-but his jaws snapped on nothing. The caws and flapping surrounded us, driving us mad, disorienting us- And by the time we recovered...We had already lost. ---- Artemis froze with the sword pressed to his throat, and Nyx standing before him.
T'll admit it-admiration stirred in my chest. She was incredible. And something told me... she hadn't even used her full power yet. "Do you surrender, Beta Vincent?" she asked, waving her hand and clearing the fog. 'We were both standing in the middle of a field of black roses. "T surrender," I had to admit. I wasn't her match, and I feared that in this entire continent, only Aidan could stand a chance against her.
The flowers vanished into the wind as I pulled that curse back into my body and walked, still in wolf form, toward the worried redhead. "My sweet Artemis, did that mean Selenian hurt you?" My love- struck wolf licked Amber's soft cheek as she hugged his neck. "Babe, give me alittle credit," I muttered, smirking-though I happily accepted her sweet kisses on my Beta's fur, who strutted like he had been the winner. I'd done my part-showed off how amazing Aidan's future mate was.
The rest, it was already in his hands. see ---- NYX Well... 1'll admit, it was fun. Just like I imagined: a magic power of gorgeous flowers that devour energy... But consuming a Selenian? Not easy. The looks around me changed. No one called me weak anymore. No one thought I was just a pretty face. But truthfully, this whole power show... was for him...Just for him. The one who hadn't stopped watching me from the stage.
Something had changed in Aidan-But I still couldn't tell if it was for better... or worse. 
###Chapter 1161
---- 125. YOU HAVE ME UNDER YOUR SPELL NYX The fights continued, full of energy, and I got to see firsthand the strength of this continent. The Alpha was challenged by a Centuria she-wolf who kept throwing hostile looks my way. "Well, he's all yours, fire girl," I scoffed in my mind at her little jealous display. In the end, she lost to the same male who was still trying to get my attention. I didn't want to keep giving him false hope, so I avoided him for the rest of the night.
I joked around with Amber and Vincent, who had changed clothes in a nearby cabin. They were good people, no doubt about that. od As the night went on, it was time for the magical part of the ceremony. The Druid stepped into the center of a circle of runes and began chanting spells, surrounded by those platinum-haired males. Snowy power condensed in the air. Aidan stood in the center too, eyes closed, weaving enchantments. His silver hair lifted as the runes lit up with vibrant glows.
---- Whirlwinds of frost rose from the ground, coating everything ina growing layer of ice. The temperature dropped, and snowflakes began falling from the night sky. lifted my head, breath fogging from my lips, and stretched out my hand, catching some flakes between my fingers, feeling the melancholy in every note of magic. suddenly, gusts of wind whipped through the air above the pack, and a wave of floating lights began to ripple in the sky, like a magical display of color.
Deep howls burst from the wolves' throats. It was exotic and beautiful, but the most incredible part was a glowing streak that descended from the clouds, like a wolf stepping down on soft white cotton. I felt its intensity, its overwhelming power as it approached, vibrating, reflecting in my eyes It wrapped around me with force, swirling my dress, slipping under my hair like seductive caresses.
"Little wolf..." I whispered as I watched pure magic take the shape of a wolf's head right in front of me. It looked like it was made of thousands of snowflakes. Its glowing nose touched mine, calling to my elemental magic. Iraised my hand, hypnotized, to touch it. ---- My own energy flared gold and black around me, dancing and vibrating with it. It circled me again like a whirlwind pulling me in, and then it rose back into the sky, letting out a deep howl that echoed through the night.
I stood there, stunned, hand still raised, heart pounding out of my chest and my breath ragged. What the hell had just happened? T began to hear murmurs, people saying that the prince's magic had claimed me, that it had recognized me in front of everyone... "They whispered that Aidan had found a replacement for his dead mate. I panicked, humiliated that this had played out in public.
I knew very well Aidan would be furious- I'd understood last night that only Theo felt the connection to my magical soul I turned and ran from the crowd. I didn't want to see his eyes, his judgment, maybe even more hatred... "Nyx, wait!" Amber shouted behind me, but I didn't stop. I turned into mist and fled into the forest surrounding the pack. But the moment my foot hit the grass, a hand closed around my arm. I knew it was him. He had followed me. 
###Chapter 1162
---- "['m sorry, I never meant to put you in this situation. I never went after Theo, I would never do that to her, I." I stammered, staring into nothing, too afraid to turn around, but Aidan yanked my arm with force, pulling me right into his chest, against his strong body.
Before I could react, his hand gripped my chin and tilted it up, his arm wrapped possessively around my waist, and his cold lips crashed into mine in a kiss full of hunger and dark temptation, I clenched my fists into his tunic, gasping against his mouth as he devoured me, pulling me hard against him-no thoughts, just sensation, just him. The man made of flesh and desire. The male who turned my world upside down and held my heart in his hands.
een AIDAN, I completely lost control when I saw her run off, nearly in tears. Nobody had the right to judge her, to judge us; they didn't understand the feelings that were drowning us. I didn't hesitate for a second to go after her. I could feel the winter magic crackling in the air, striking my chest. 'Theo had returned to me... only because of her. All three of us were dying for Nyx. My fist clutched her hair with desperation, crushing her body ---- against mine.
My mouth devoured hers, my tongue slipping inside, tangling with hers, drawing out those rough moans that escaped her throat. Her small body trembled beneath mine as I pinned her to a tree, my hands roaming her breasts, her waist, her hips... I bent over my Selenian, hiking up her dress to grab and squeeze her thighs lustfully-until I reached her soft ass and gripped it with pure hunger. I growled in pleasure, licking the creamy skin above her neckline. "Mmm...
baby, open your legs and jump on me," I growled, my voice rough and wolflike. The scent of this female was driving me mad. Her little hands clutched my shoulders, and I had her wrapped around my body, pressed against the smooth trunk, legs spread around my waist. Her wet, virgin pussy rubbing against me, teasing me... hhh. heating my blood. Tremembered how it looked-tight and pink-and how damn good she tasted... ah fuck, what a fucking delight... Mmmnn...
I buried my face in her neck, breathing her in deep, licking the sweat rolling down her sweet skin. Vlad growled with excitement while my hips moved, grinding gently into her as she drowned in moans. ---- My cock throbbed painfully in my pants, desperate to claim that creamy little cunt. My Alpha pheromones were calling to her, and Theo was rising up to fuse with her powerful magic. "You've got me completely under your spell, Nyx... How the hell am I supposed to fight everything you make me feel?" 
###Chapter 1163
---- 126. STRAWBERRY MILKSHAKE NYX "Mmm," I moaned, burning up, my bottom lip sucked and trapped between his teeth as he gave it soft, sensual tugs. Wild growls escaped his throat. His hands under my ass squeezed me tight, pressing me harder against that hard cock rubbing lustfully between my open thighs. "aidan..." Lwhispered, looking up at those hypnotic blue eyes through trembling lashes.
I clung to his neck, caressing the hair at his nape, letting myself go crazy for this insanely sexy male. "Shhh," [lifted my head, closing my eyes as I felt the suction on my breasts through the fabric. Thad never felt anything this hot before. He had me cornered against the tree, dominating me, devouring me. "gamnn," I forced myself not to scream when he ripped the fabric with sharp canines and the breeze hit my exposed skin. "Gggrr... mmnn, baby, you're perfect... shhh, I love your tits... 
ah fuck, so soft... mmnnn..." ---- His tongue began licking all around my areola, playing with the hard tip, swirling it in circles. Tarched my back, moaning silently when his hot mouth closed over it and those sinful lips began sucking with obscene sounds. He was eating me up so damn good, his pheromones driving my senses insane. That hard cock moved with growing lust against my soaked panties. suddenly, his hand slipped under my panties, and perverted fingers slid into my wet pussy.
"aahh," I licked my lips with anticipation. His fingertips moved from my ass to sink between my slippery petals. "Mmm, you're so fucking wet... sshhhh..." I turned redder than a tomato when he groaned hoarsely, lifting his head and pressing the tip of his nose against mine "q... 1don't..." "you don't like me touching you, little Selenia?... Then why is your sweet cunt this hot..." I got caught up in the wicked smile that curled at the corner of his lips. I knew he was playing with me.
I was no match for his experience ---- in these matters. T opened and closed my mouth, frowning, trying to come up with something coherent. Aidan just chuckled more at my struggle. Soft, sweet kisses landed on my lips... Down below, those fingers kept playing slowly, back and forth, touching that little vibrant, sensitive button that made my pussy tremble. "I swear, baby, you're driving me insane... Nyx... 
sshhh, we're dying to taste that juicy virgin pussy of yours..." Oh Goddess, don't do this to me, Aidan... I'm so nervous! "No... it's not just that I like you..." I dared to respond, swallowing hard, "...'like' doesn't even begin to describe what I feel when I'm with you, Aidan..." I confessed, my heart beating so loud I was sure he could hear it. I saw his pupils narrow, darken, full of forbidden promises. His mouth crashed into mine in a dominant kiss.
Without words, his body screamed at me that he felt the same, that he wanted me and craved me just as much. Inasecond, he placed me on the ground, propped on one leg while the other was hoisted over his shoulder, my panties hanging there. 
###Chapter 1164
---- Aidan had yanked them down, nearly tearing them, leaving me completely naked and wide open for his taking. My hands gripped the tree trunk, nails digging into the bark, while my eyes closed to the stars and my mouth moaned uncontrollably. His head between my legs, licking back and forth, just like his fingers did as they parted my tender flesh. My clit was sucked on, teased with hot, delicious licks that sent me straight to the edge. 'Moans and aroused growls escaped his throat.
The most powerful male in this world, on his knees in front of me, giving me so much pleasure. Aaahahh, Goddess, it feels so good... so wrong and yet so perfectly right. One hand grabbed his platinum hair and the other squeezed my breasts the way he did. I pushed him deeper, urging him to devour me more. 'There'd be time to ask for forgiveness later... weKE AIDAN ---- The thrilling sound of her orgasm echoed in my ears.
While my mouth sucked on her greedily, Viad's tongue dove into those delicious trembling folds and drank up her sweet climax. I fought hard not to hurt her with the huge canines pushing wild from my gums, itching to mark her. 'My half-lidded eyes locked the image of my Selenia reaching her peak deep into memory. Her magic tangled with mine, golden snow falling from the sky over this sinful, exquisite act.
Breathing like a beast against her womanhood, kissing her pussy the same way I kissed her mouth, I reached down desperately for my zipper, With rough tugs, I freed my cock, aching from how hard it was. It had been so long since I felt like this. Growling, I started stroking myself, desperate to cum too, breathing in that strawberry jam scent. Her whole body tasted like everything I loved. She was my favorite dessert.
"ahh yes, yes baby, mmmnnnnn..." I moaned between her legs, speeding up my hand, imagining it was that tight pussy taking me over the edge. ---- Fighting like a madman not to fuck her right there against that tree. But I kept jerking off like a fucking pervert in front of her, eyes closed, on my knees before this incredible woman. Nyx kept pushing my limits further and further... "Don't do it alone..." a gentle tug on my head made me snap out of it. "wait... sshhh, baby, just...
ahhh, I just need a little more..." my hand worked my cock roughly. "Twant to do it..." "What?" I looked up, torn between aroused and confused. "T want to taste you too..." she said, cheeks burning red, but her pink little tongue peeked out to lick those thick lips-just imagining them on my cock nearly made me spill right there. Damn it, Nyx, I'm trying to be a gentleman with you... babe, don't play like that with the beast or that strawberry jam might end up as a strawberry milkshake. 
###Chapter 1165
---- 127. STEALING HOURS FROM THE NIGHT AIDAN "Nyx... you don't have to... sshih... easy, baby..." I hissed, overwhelmed by a mix of painful pleasure when those fangs grazed my sensitive tip. Her soft tongue kept licking the head while those hot lips wrapped around me and started to suck. "Ggrrr don't stop her... I wanna see her sucking me on her knees..." My Alpha wolf was drooling, unleashing all his primal power through my body to flaunt it to the female he had claimed as his new mate.
"Look at me while you suck me," I tangled my hands in her silky black hair, giving it a gentle tug to make those gorgeous eyes look up at mine. Damn it, seeing her all submissive, blushing, and with her mouth stuffed full of my cock sent chills of pleasure crawling up my spine. I started to thrust inside that wet mouth, setting the rhythm, watching my shaft glide in and out soaked in spit. 
"ssshhh..." I licked my fangs, grinding my hips, hunched over and sweating above her, struggling not to ram it all the way in. "Touch the base, baby... stroke my cock... grrrr... just like that, fuck ---- yeah, baby... faster, Nyx, more... my female... Mmnnn..." I lost it, pounding halfway in, feeling her hot breath on the throbbing veins. Her glowing eyes never left mine, watching every damn reaction, devouring me.
'The scent of strawberries coming from her pussy filled my nose, sending me straight to fucking heaven. "Mmmnn.... what would your family say if they saw you like this, on your knees, sucking my dick..? Sshh fuck, baby, I'm kidding... mmmn..." Her suction got brutal, her teeth brushing dangerously over my cock, in and out, wet slurps, her clumsy fingers squeezing my balls. Damn this little virgin... "Grrrrr, I'm coming, Nyx... Mnnn...
Aahahh fuck!" Icame so deep in her throat, holding her chin, stroking her lips, and pushing all the way in. 'My muscles clenched, sshhh... so damn good I almost howled at the moon. Thad forgotten what it felt like to be consumed by a passion so intense it wiped your mind blank. My magical soul hummed in tune with hers-I could feel every ---- vein beating in that beautiful heart. Her power was insane, the feelings she had for me, and Goddess... Nyx was breaking me apart in so many ways. 
With an obscene sound, I pulled out of that creamy mouth, smearing the tip across her red lips. I watched her swallow everything, panting hard, licking her lips with that filthy expression that got me hard again instantly. Knowing I was the only one who'd ever seen her like that sparked my wolf's possessive streak. 'Theo was in bliss, completely wrapped inside Nyx's body, obsessively entwined in her Selenia magic.
I pulled up the pants hanging around my knees and covered up a bit, leaning down to pick her up. I loved the feel of her small half-naked body pressed against mine, her sweaty skin on my skin. My hands gripped her ass, her juices soaking through the fabric of my tunic. She immediately clung to my neck-perfectly made to satisfy every one of my fantasies. I started walking into the deep woods with her in my arms. "Did I do it right?" she asked hoarsely, sounding so damn cute. 
###Chapter 1166
---- "Too right... I'm starting to think you lied to me, little Selenia.." "No, I've never done that to any male before," she said, nervous- and I totally believed her. T came because she could make me see stars effortlessly, though to be fair, she almost bit my dick off like a carrot. "well, I guess that explains all the cum dripping off your mouth," I added seriously, loving how the flush crept up her neck.
Nyx was powerful, a real woman in every sense, but when it came to these intimate things, she oozed innocent seduction. "all done?" she asked, sticking out the tip of her tongue and licking the corner of her lips. "a little more to the right..." I had to hold it in not to burst out laughing as she followed my directions-until she caught on. "qidan... are you messing with me?!" Seconds later, I couldn't hold back the laughter rumbling in my chest.
I didn't even remember what my own laugh sounded like. I felt so strange and... alive. "You're such a pervert! Rude and vulgar!" she started hitting my chest with her little fists as I carried my treasure through the dark woods. ---- Ikissed her, teased her, we laughed -we stole time from the night. "Come on, bring out that gorgeous she-wolf, Vlad wants to run with you," I said, setting her down on the grass in a clearing.
We were getting farther and farther from the civilization of the winter men. "{s he... not uncomfortable with this?" she asked out of nowhere. "Why don't you ask him yourself?" I said, stepping back and stripping completely in front of her hungry eyes. I showed her everything -every scar, every tattoo, every muscle, and the desire I had for her that was already rising again. Icalled the shift to my Alpha wolf.
Collapsed to the ground, feeling the claws dig into the earth, moonlight flashing across white fur. Red pupils replaced my blue ones, but both of us stared at her, full of dominance... and love. Nyx stood there, frozen. We could feel her nerves. 'My magic was spying inside her body-it had opened up completely to Theo, and her surrender only made us want her more. Vlad stepped forward once, then again, his massive form on all ---- fours standing eye level with her delicate, seductive face. "Vlad..." Nyx whispered his name in a hoarse voice, making my Alpha tremble from ears to tail 
###Chapter 1167
---- 128, PLAYING WITH MY SHE-WOLF AIDAN 'The black button of his nose brushed against her soft skin, her cheek... then slowly licked her lips, aching to do the same to every inch of her body. His wild aura surged around her, pheromones calling, claiming her -and only one reason, powerful enough, still held us back. One that weighed heavy on our conscience. Viad inhaled deeply into the crook of her neck, inviting her to touch him.
He let out a rumble of pleasure when those little hands got lost in his fur and she clung to him, pressing against his massive body. "Little one, I know you can hear me," he spoke into her mind. Nyx shuddered, frozen, nestled in his fur. "Nyx, my bond with Isabella is no more. Your soul calls to me, baby, and L... I crave you too, I'm dying to mark you as mine... but she..." "T understand," Her arms wrapped tighter around Vlad. 
"T don't want it to be like this either..." Vlad closed his eyes, ---- nuzzling her gently, breathing in her hair. Words were useless when our souls were aligned-speaking without hiding, with the Goddess as our witness. "Bring out that beautiful she-wolf of yours... I wanna play too." He growled low in her mind, nudging her with his snout, urging her to shift. "wait..." he ordered when he saw her go straight for a magic invocation. "Not like that, baby.
Take your clothes off first." Nyx swallowed but didn't resist. she began undressing fully, slipping off that tattered dress we'd already torn in several places. My thick cock stood fierce and flushed red at the sight of that pale skin, those irresistible curves, hardened nipples, and that tempting little slit with a taste like jam. Nyx tried not to cover herself, clearly nervous, standing there while my horny wolf devoured her with his eyes.
Vlad licked his fangs, stepped forward-and stopped himself by sheer willpower. "Turn around and shift with your back to me," he urged again. ---- she did, revealing her delicate back and a narrow waist made perfectly for my hands. Viad locked his gaze on her bare ass, and when she summoned the dark mist again... "Qh no, baby... know you can do better than that little trick." He provoked her shamelessly. Damn this beast inside me-I didn't know who was hornier, Vlad or Theo. A deep grow! 
rumbled in his throat when he saw her bend forward, get on all fours over the grass, legs spread wide, showing him everything like a true female of her kind. "Nyx... my mate..." A single thread of sanity snapped in my Alpha's mind. "Wait, Vlad!" I tried to stop him because his thoughts were turning dangerous. He pounced on her back, pressing her down into the grass, licking the back of her neck with frantic growls.
Nyx's raised ass was perfectly positioned under the cock pulsing with need, all for her. "you're mine... I can't lose you too... I don't want to let you go..." He rubbed against her, thrusting toward her soft backside, ---- desperate to mount her and fill her. 
###Chapter 1168
---- We had never had pups-it had been hard with Bella. Vlad's heat surged through his veins, driven by the instinct to knot his mate. His jaws began to nibble her neck, licking down her delicate spine, breathing in the sweet scent of temptation. "Shift into your wolf, baby-now!" I roared to Nyx, trying to pull him out of the obsession clouding his mind. Aidan... she moaned my name through gasps, already giving in to the mating call.
"Vlad, get off Nyx, damn it, you're gonna hurt her!" His swollen red cock hung low, dripping, wet with her slick juices, sliding between her lips. One wrong move, and that monstrous dick would tear through her virgin barrier. She should've been scared-not aroused! If she kept grinding on him like that, Vlad would penetrate her like a finger through a donut. "NyYX! I'm dead serious!" I shoved into his heated mind, on the edge of losing it myself -I wasn't made of stone either. 
Finally, I felt her respond as the black mist began to envelop her. ---- Vlad stepped back, shaking his head violently; cold magic pierced his mind to dull his lust. Theo helped me regain control. "Buck... I'm sorry... shit, that was dangerous..." he panted, Ithad been years since he'd gone into heat, and now he'd had to shut it down by force. He backed off further, and his pupils finally focused on a stunning black wolf lying on the grass. Her blue eyes hazed with desire.
'This Selenia would be our downfall... not even she had ever driven us this crazy. "Baby, don't do that again... Nyx, you don't know what you're stirring up." "Maybe I want to take that risk, wolfie," her melodic voice rang in our minds. She stood up and took a step toward Vlad, who was barely holding himself back. she nudged his snout, and before my wolf could lick her-she darted off into the dense forest, disappearing among the trees, merging with the night.
---- We stood there in that clearing for a second, overwhelmed by so many emotions. "Vlad's not going to mark Nyx yel world. But you need to know, Aidan..." Theo's cold voice spoke to me for the first time since he returned. "What you're planning isn't going to happen. I won't let my mate go." He warned me as Vlad's paws sprinted into the grass, chasing after her, in syne with my magical soul. I could fool everyone... except myself.
I sighed in defeat, hearing that vibrant female laughter echoing in my mind... What the hell am I supposed to do to avoid hurting them both? sek NARRATOR "7'm sorry, Queen Centuria, but you can't see my sister." Raven frowned, fierce and imposing, standing inside the castle she hadn't stepped foot in for years. 'The last time she'd been here, she felt the rift between her and her son had opened beyond repair. ---- She couldn't stand to see him living like a ghost anymore. 
"why can't I see Isabella?" she asked, taking a step toward the closed room, but Lisa blocked her way, unmoving. "Your Majesty... please understand, my sister is in a fragile state. she's sleeping, and she asked not to see anyone..." Her hands trembled under the overwhelming aura of the Queen, as the heat in the room started to rise. What was Raven Centuria doing here? Was she taking advantage of Aidan's absence to snoop? Was she suspicious?! Lisa was terrified...
terrified the plan her father had set in motion would be discovered too soon. She didn't fully agree with it-but for Isa's sake, she was willing to silence her conscience. 
###Chapter 1169
---- 129. WE'VE ALSO BEEN SILENT NARRATOR Raven tooka step forward, ready to push Lisa, but a painful moan from inside the room stopped her. Her eyes, glowing red, locked onto the door. She knew Aidan wasn't there. All she wanted was to talk to Isabella -one last honest conversation between them. Even though they all supported Aidan's new love, they weren't heartless bastards. Raven wanted to explain things to Bella, to hear the words from her lips...
but it seemed the sorceress was worse than she thought. The air reeked of death. "You can see I'm not lying, Your Majesty. My sister is in a lot of pain, she... she's fighting to stay alive while..." Lisa cut herself off just in time. Her hands clenched as anger churned inside her. While her sister was dying, Aidan was probably off chasing that outsider. She had pulled it all from Isabella's fragmented mind. ---- 'That woman was Theo's mate, and Bella knew it very well.
she even thought about helping them. "Listen to me closely, sorceress princess," Raven's voice suddenly snapped her out of it Lisa froze in place under her overwhelming aura. The queen's red eyes looked like they pierced right through her soul. "Tm not here to torment Isabella. We never wanted things to end like this." Raven kept watching her every reaction.
"I know you blame Aidan for what happened, but he never forced her to go with him..." "She followed him because she loved him!" Lisa shot back, her voice choked. "They were like a couple-both were bold and young. If Aidan had known the dangers, he never would've exposed her to that..." "You're too biased, Queen Centuria. You only care about your son... "It's because I'm a mother that I understand your pain-and your family's-so well," Raven said, frowning.
"That's why we didn't react when your father rudely severed ties. with our continent..." she reminded her of that tense moment. 
###Chapter 1170
---- "Cedrick swallowed his anger, even knowing about the Sorcerer Lisa tensed as her family's dirt was aired. King's secret plots... "how he tried to turn the beast men against us, stealing trade deals, sowing discord..." She stepped back as Raven advanced, giving her no space. They had all stayed silent for far too long. 'The Alpha King, who bowed to no one, had been ridiculed more than once just to avoid conflict with Aidan's in-laws.
"We've done all of it for our son and for your sister, out of the love and respect we had for her." ?Then why are you betraying her now for some outsider?!? Lisa's eyes screamed the words, and Raven heard them loud and clear. This conversation was going nowhere. "Believe me, if there was a dignified way for Isabella to live, I'd be the first to find it, Lisa," Raven sighed, stepping back. "She can live..." "No. Not at the cost of an innocent life.
A woman who also has a family waiting for her somewhere in this universe." Queen Centuria would not yield, no matter the consequences. ---- Nyx would not be sacrificed. "Whatever you're planning, drop it. We won't stand by and watch... not this time." Raven looked at her with a glare full of unspoken threats. The sorceress bit her lower lip. Rage boiled inside her, but she lowered her head and kept quiet. Her eyes full of storms, fixed on the cold stone floor.
They were the only ones who truly cared about Isabella. Glancing one last time at the sealed door, Raven turned her back and walked away through the snowy halls. 'The grave her son had dug for himself and the woman he once loved. If it were her daughter, would she be able to let her go? Raven always thought of herself as a fair person. But this time, she knew she had to be selfish and think only of Aidan.
"Let's go," she said once she reached the base of the mountain, where her Beta-tall, strong, and with fiery red hair-was waiting. "Js she really that bad, like she told the Priestess?" Anastasia asked, concerned, as they walked toward the walls. ---- Raven's eyes held a mix of sadness and determination. 'The clash between the Continents... was inevitable. 
###Chapter 1171
---- 130. WHAT IS A SELENIA? NARRATOR "The spirit of Isabella is fading, but I'm sure... they're going to try to fill an empty shell with Aidan's female's energy," she said as. she stepped out to the edge of the Winter Palace.
"But Aron told Dalila that female is really powerful, from a different race..." "Even if she's powerful, if Edmund gathers several of his sorcerers, if they set some kind of trap, they can capture her." In this universe, no one was invincible, and Aidan himself was living proof of that. 'There was no time to waste, and this time, Raven wouldn't leave things in her son's hands alone.
she summoned her Centuria magic, unleashing the Alpha of her Clan-a massive wolf that burst from her body glowing. It roared in golden and red flames, wild and fierce. Anastasia summoned her Beta wolf as well. They climbed onto their backs, surrounded by powerful fire. "Olaf, take me to the palace-now!" Raven commanded, gripping his strong flanks with her legs as the beast's huge paws raced over ---- the snow. "anastasia, go straight to the swamp, warn your man-we need to protect the borders!
TELL THEM TO GET READY FOR WAR!" She roared, her hair whipping in the wind, glowing red under the moonlight as she dove into the deep forest, while Anastasia veered off into the snowy plains. Olaf leapt over a deep ravine, the Centuria clinging to his fire, his, flames lighting up the loneliness of the cold mountains. 'They were heading straight for the palace. She had to warn her King, her mate-Aidan's father, Cedrick Walker.
To tell him to summon the wolf clans, to ask for help from their allies. But despite Raven's sharp instincts, she never imagined how far the Sorcerer King had already stretched his claws and corrupted minds. The beast men would not stand with them in the looming war for domination. seek Soaring through the night, a black owl crossed the sky. It had flown over the Winter Men's settlement and now spied silently in the forest. 
###Chapter 1172
---- 'Those two traitors were so deep in their disgusting romance, they hadn't even noticed its presence. The owl's eyes were peculiar-one dark, the other a vivid amethyst -just like the sorceress who had summoned it. Far across the realm of the werewolves, Ayla took a deep breath and released control over her spy animal. Her eyes glowed with the same purple as the nocturnal bird "That outsider is strong... and that bastard's already accepted her," she muttered, slamming herself into the chair.
Her daughter wasn't even dead yet, and Aidan Walker had already found her replacement. True, they hadn't all agreed on keeping Bella frozen like that all these years-but now that there was a chance... "HE OWES HER!" she yelled, slamming the table so hard the wine glasses crashed to the floor. "He was the one who took her to those dangerous, unknown, places! He swore to protect her!" "calm down, love, breathe," Edmund said, gripping her shoulders, swallowing down his own rage. "T'll fix this.
Our daughter will come back to life, no matter what," he promised, looking into her tear-reddened eyes. ---- No more crying. He carried his mate to their room and cast a spell so she could sleep and recover. Then he stepped out, walking the palace halls. His blond mane flowed with his determined pace. 'The Sorcerer King's gaze was sharp and deadly. He passed through a set of secret corridors until he reached the spell-sealed wing.
Unlocking his own runes, he stepped down the hallway and slammed a door open. Inside, two men stood up the moment he burst into the small chamber. "Have you considered our offer, Sorcerer King?" One of them-a black-haired, handsome man with mysterious features and red eyes-asked Edmund directly. The mage hesitated one last time. He didn't even truly understand this strange race that needed blood to survive. But time was running out, and he needed all the help he could get for his plans.
"Tell me again about that powerful elemental magic-and you ---- better not be lying to me... vampire." He said the word through clenched teeth. Edmund saw the glint of victory in the man's eyes. He didn't trust them. They were just using each other. "and answer me this: Do you know what a Selenia is?" He added, because he needed to know her enemy. Maybe these men came from the same realm as her. "Selenia?" the other vampire spat on the floor in disgust. "Of course we know the Selenias." 
###Chapter 1173
---- 131. OUTSIDERS FROM ANOTHER WORLD NARRATOR "Have you seen a Selenia or not?" Edmund asked, frowning. 'The three of them were seated around the coffee table, trying to negotiate. "We haven't seen them in person, but I know a lot about that race, it's just..." Edgar, the dark-haired vampire, hesitated. "What?!
Speak clearly, damn it!" "We know about the Selenias through the words of that woman..." Marius, the blond vampire, muttered through clenched teeth He seemed to be the leader-or at least, that was the impression Edmund got. "Are you talking about the vampire who betrayed you?" the Sorcerer King tried to piece it together. 'These two men had quite a strange story. One of Edmund's warriors had found them near the forbidden forest behind the palace. 
They were ragged, wounded, and barely alive Edmund kept them imprisoned right away-he realized they didn't ---- belong to this continent. They had crossed one of the many hidden portals scattered throughout these lands. He discovered their nature quickly... after they drained one of the prison guards to death in a moment of carelessness. It stunned him to see how they healed with blood, and from then on, he kept them locked in this chamber, still figuring out what to. do with them.
"victoria," Edgar spat the name with infinite hatred. "That damn vampire belongs to the realm of the Selenias. She never shut up about how magnificent and powerful they were." Just thinking about that traitor who sold herself to the lycans made his veins boil with rage. "That name-Nyx-Victoria mentioned it several times," Marius gripped the armrest so tightly his knuckles turned white. He still couldn't swallow the fact that Victoria had chosen that beast over him.
If they hadn't used the power they stole and escaped through the portal, they'd be dead by now. They told Edmund everything they had heard about the Selenias. 'They did magic like sorcerers, drained strength from blood like ---- vampires, and had reflexes as deadly as werewolves. Selenias were the pinnacle of evolution. With every word, Edmund realized his plan wouldn't be as easy as he thought "and that's not even the worst part. The Selenias aren't the only strange race. 
Victoria herself has powers we'd never even seen before," Edgar added, clearly hating to admit it. 'That female had shown them how powerful she really was. They never expected she held that kind of strength. Edmund's head was spinning. He always thought of himself as powerful, but what was all this about lycans, Nocturne, undead beings, and never-ending fantasies? Where the hell were all these incredible creatures coming from? He couldn't let Nyx open a portal to her home.
"They told me about some powerful elemental magic... what is it?" he finally asked, clinging to hope. "[t showed up suddenly in our realm... the energy of a deity sealed inside a chunk of ice," Marius explained, his memories still raw. 'That magic had marked the beginning of the vampires' downfall. "It benefits beasts mostly-animals, werewolves-but if you learn how to absorb it, it can strengthen other races too," Edgar said. "So, you do magic... Is there any energy source like the one we ---- described around here?" Marius was clearly getting impatient, eager to escape this room. 
###Chapter 1174
---- Edmund didn't answer right away, taking a moment to process everything Sorcerers were born with magic; they didn't rely on outside power. But then he remembered the force that had once destroyed his daughter. Back then, Aidan had brought two shards of that cursed magic... and scattered them to the wind. They had flown across the sky-who knows where. These vampires said the elemental magic was sealed in ice. Edmund suddenly wondered...
what if one of those shards accidentally crossed into the vampire realm? Then... where did the other one go? His mind searched and searched, until a gut feeling punched him in the chest. He'd felt something once, when he visited the beastmen's continent... waves of strong, strange magic. But the Sorcerer King frowned when he remembered where exactly ... the Drakmor Mountains. Savage, bloodthirsty, and deadly creatures that only Aidan Walker ---- had ever been able to understand... and now... 
not even him anymore... Wait. Maybe that was the key to creating a real plan! "T saw what you did with the guard you killed. You were controlling him after he died. How the hell did you do that?" Edmund questioned the blond vampire, staring into those cunning crimson eyes. His brain gears turning at full speed. "It's a spell Victoria taught me... but I'm nowhere near as strong as her," Marius admitted quietly. "And I'm running low on magic.
I need to absorb more." Victoria carried that power in her blood. He was just a poor copy, depending on the energy they had stolen from the ice crystal. "Can you pull off one last trick?" Edmund asked. 'Marius considered it. He didn't have many options. He knew this sorcerer wasn't stupid-but neither was he. "T can try. Which corpse do you want me to control?" see NYX ---- I still couldn't believe all this had happened between Aidan and me.
Lying under the stars, his body was wrapped around my naked one. His hands slid down my spine in soft, slow strokes. My nose nuzzled into his chest, inhaling deeply, enjoying the flutter in my belly, the cold yet vibrant energy pouring into my soul. Lying on my side, I pulled him even closer, sighing, knowing I could never go back to his palace. 'There was no way I could ever look Isabella in the eyes again-not after what I'd done. Not after this betrayal... 
Reality crashed into me, shattering the fantasies of the night. Aidan felt it too. He stroked my hair, wrapped his arm tightly around my waist, and rolled us over. Now I was on top of his sexy, naked body, tangled together under the moonlight "Tell me, little Selenia... how can I help you find the portal to your home?" 'My whole body went stiff at the sound of his voice, those words vibrating against my ear. I shut my eyes in sorrow. What did I expect, really? ---- He wanted to get rid of me.
Of course, he'd never choose me over her. And I would never dare ask him to. With a bleeding heart, I parted my lips-though they didn't want to speak. But I had to... "Something called the 'Heart of the Beast'... it's powerful magic. I need to find it... and then I'll leave... forever." 
###Chapter 1175
---- 132. FIGHT TO THE DEATH NYX "What the hell do you have to do with that damn thing?!" he suddenly sat up, pulling me onto his lap. His fingers grabbed my cheeks, examining me closely. "Are you a descendant of that witch Drusilla?" "What?!" I slapped his hand away, trying to stand up, but he held me tight, not letting me go. What Drusilla was he talking about? By the Goddess, the only Drusilla I knew was from the De la Croix family! "Did they manage to break my ice spell?!
Is that why your power evolved?... Have they kept stealing that damn magic?!" He started throwing accusations at me I didn't even understand. Suddenly I got pissed. From the way he was talking, it felt like he thought I came to his realm with some hidden agenda. "and what if I told you I am related to Drusilla?!" I jumped to my feet, pushing him off. I summoned the mist to cover myself-I hated feeling that exposed in front of him. 
---- His blue eyes were glowing as he stayed seated, Whatever seductive vibe was between us before, it vanished into nothing. "Tell me, Prince, what are you going to do with me now? Are we fighting?" I challenged him, heart pounding, pushing his energy out of me. But Theo refused to leave. It felt like a lifetime passed before Aidan finally dropped his head and pinched the bridge of his nose, sighing. "You know I'm not going to do anything to you...
I won't fight you, even if you came here to rip out my heart." He said it while falling back into the grass, throwing an arm over his eyes. 'And damn it, my stupid heart was racing. This man had a gift for messing with my emotions, taking me from one extreme to the other in seconds. Itwas like watching my mom and dad fight one moment and then kiss passionately the next. "If we're talking about the same Drusilla, that sorceress bitch, then relax...
I've got nothing to do with her," I muttered, trying not to stare at his naked body. Actually, I hated my family. Thought they were dead..." I added, ---- sitting down again. He sat up too, and we were face to face. "She said her name was Drusilla De la Croix," he confirmed, and I told him it was the same person. When he told me, between clenched teeth, how it all really happened -I couldn't believe it. What kind of twisted coincidence was that? 
And again, sadness hit me like a punch to the gut. I thought about Isabella... How must Aidan have felt in that moment? 'The guilt and regret eating him alive for all these years. "You should've killed her, Aidan," I murmured, lowering my head to hide my own feelings. "She lied to you till the end. I'm telling you, lycans didn't control magic. Drusilla was the one stealing it and handing it off to... to.. well, to that man." Just mentioning Viktor's son put a storm behind the prince's eyes.
'That beast took Isabella from him. From what I could tell, Drusilla and that lycan had lasted for centuries-hell, maybe even millennia-feeding off forbidden power. 
###Chapter 1176
---- And time in parallel realms didn't pass the same way. "My family's not like that. We don't need to steal anyone's magic, " T said, looking him straight in the eyes. "If they found the 'Heart of the Beast,' there must've been a reason, maybe..." I trailed off, thinking through the most logical explanation. "My brothers or the girls probably landed in those lands," I'd already told him how I got to his continent. "They must've found some connection to you.
Maybe they even captured Drusilla alive..." "I should've killed that bitch," he growled, hatred radiating off him-and I got it. De la Croix was a plague. Then anew possibility hit me, one I hadn't even considered. "T know this hurts, and I'm not asking you to come with me... but can you open the portal to that place?" "No," he said without hesitation. His cold gaze pierced through me. "Aidan..." ---- "Pm not throwing you into that cursed land.
I don't know if they broke through my ice spell..." "My family can protect me-I can protect myself!" "T'm not losing you too! Do you get that?!" He stood up suddenly, grabbing me by the shoulders. His tormented eyes tore into my soul. He pulled me into his chest, which was rising and falling like crazy. His hands trembled on my back, his emotions shifting all over the place. Thugged him, pressing my face into the curve of his "You asked how to send me home... that's how.
That's how you get rid of me, how you end all of this. {never said I wanted to end this..." he said hoarsely. 'Theo wrapped himself around my Selenia energy like he owned it. Viad called to me in my mind. Aidan pulled back, cupping my face in his hands, resting his forehead against mine. "Baby, no matter how hard I fight this... it's not just my wolves, Nyx..." ---- His lips brushed against mine. You've brought me back to life. Made me want to laugh again, to feel...
to love." He took my hand and placed it on his chest. "You melted the ice around my heart. But I..." He closed his eyes, torn up inside. "I can't give you the place you deserve. I can't present you as my mate. It wouldn't be fair to either of you..." "Aidan, I'd never ask you to leave her..." "Pm just asking for time, Nyx..." His fingers traced my lips, his words twisted promises tangled in pain and surrender. "Time" for his current mate to die... and for me to take her place. 'That simple.
That tragic. "The idea of taking you home was never about leaving you behind, " he explained, pulling me back into his lap. "1 don't know how it works in your world, but here, portals are like hidden doorways in the most unexpected places. It's different for us. We can summon portals from nothing, if we've got the right power. 
###Chapter 1177
---- Like Lavinia, or my father and brother used to do. "Once I know the location, I can access it anytime I want and link both realms," Aidan added. I pictured it like the door between the Lycan King's palace and Uncle Zarek's. "'So, where's the entrance to that place? Aidan, I swear, nothing will happen to me. Trust me," this time I cupped his tense face. I saw the surrender in his bright blue eyes. "We found it while exploring the mountains in the beastmen's continent.
But it's hard to get to-I destroyed and sealed off the cave." I scanned his face, looking for lies, but he didn't flinch, He was telling the truth. Maybe that's why my family was having such a hard time getting here from the other side. But just like I'd made it through a special portal, magic could tear the veil between worlds. "Then I need to find the 'Heart of the Beast' more than ever," I said, firm.
"Aidan, where are the fragments?" He opened his mouth to answer, but right then, the grass rustled nearby. ---- We turned sharply and saw six tiny eyes watching us from the darkness. "Little beastie?" The moment I spoke, she yipped and ran out from the brush. It was the pup I had brought into the world. She ran up to us, clearly panicked, her paws digging into the ground, tugging at my clothes "What is it? Where's your mom?" I looked toward the edge of the forest. "She came to find you.
They're attacking Mother Drakmor," Aidan said, jumping to his feet. Could I... actually understand what these creatures were saying? I didn't even have time to be shocked, because suddenly, white mist started pouring from his sexy body. The temperature dropped, making me shiver, and in seconds, white clothes appeared over his skin out of thin air. "I gotta admit, you're giving me ideas for some cool tricks," he said with a smirk, seeing my stunned face.
"Let's go." He grabbed my hand and we ran into the forest, chasing the little Drakmor pup. ---- She was fast, but so were we. After fifteen minutes or so, I picked up the growls of a brutal fight, and my eyes locked onto the scene unfolding in the clearing ahead. Two massive black-scaled beasts, full of claws and teeth, fighting to the death. Two female Drakmors-and one of them, weak from giving birth, was about to be killed by the jaws of the other. 
###Chapter 1178
---- 133. A PACT WITH MY BEAST NYX The shriek of the little Drakmor got lost in the clearing, drowned out by the roars of those two giants. Her mother fell, knocking down some trees, kicking up dust and earth, trying to shake off her attacker-another fierce and bloodthirsty female. Her glowing red eyes were filled with hatred. "Don't interfere!" I ordered the baby without thinking. she whimpered but stayed within the safety of the forest. Ijumped into the fight, fearing the worst.
Those jaws were heading straight for the Drakmor's throat on the ground. Her red eyes suddenly met mine from a distance, full of desperation. "No!" I screamed as my magic burst into a fierce, crackling whip of power. It lashed through the air and wrapped around the beast's neck. Not even then did she stop her attack to defend herself. 1 feared we were too late, but in the next second, a thick layer of ice appeared around my Drakmor's neck, and the other's teeth sank into the frozen protection. 
---- Her roar of pain shook the skies. Furious, I pulled with all my strength, sending deadly currents through the whip, and her whole body was thrown backwards by the pressure. I saw Aidan kick her snout midair and slam her into the ground. Together we managed to overpower her and separate her from the wounded one. I summoned my power and roots like hands sprang from the earth, trapping her, while icy shackles locked around her legs.
She thrashed violently, raging, trying the whole time to destroy the female I had just saved-but she couldn't break free. Iwas about to leap forward, spear in hand, ready to take off her head and end this, but Aidan stopped me. "Wait, Nyx, no!" he blocked my attack, protecting her. "Why are you defending her?!" I yelled, stomping the ground. He didn't answer, only walked up to the prisoner.
Meanwhile, I headed to the mound of black scales, bleeding in several places, yet still licking her pup to comfort her. When I got close, she immediately lowered her head to touch my forehead with her snout. ---- "You're unbelievable. I leave you alone for one second and you're already in trouble," I muttered with a sigh, still clueless about the whole situation. She just stared at me, growling lowly. I called on some healing magic and placed my hand over her most serious wounds. 
Soft little nuzzles brushed against my thigh-her Pup. "You're so brave, you saved your mom." I scratched the ridge on her tiny head, and she squealed proudly. I turned then. The silence behind me felt eerie. Aidan stood before the captured beast, reaching out to touch her snout. He seemed to know her, but the Drakmor pulled back, snorting angrily. "You know her?" I asked. "yeah... she's the daughter of the Drakmor Alpha, Ignacio," he said quietly, suddenly sounding melancholic.
"Why is she on this continent? Why are they hunting her, trying to eliminate her?" I asked, and he turned to look at my Drakmor. He sniffed the air, then stared in shock at the pup beside me, who was curiously glancing at him. "Come here, little one. Let me take a look at you," he knelt and ---- called to her. 
###Chapter 1179
---- The little one looked first at her mom, who gave a nod. Despite the tense situation, her good behavior even made me smile. she walked cautiously over to Aidan, who immediately began scratching her under the chin. He won her over in a second, holding her in his arms while she enjoyed the attention. But a warning growl behind me pulled me out of the sweet moment -I turned toward the imprisoned Drakmor. she was thrashing again, trying to attack, glaring at the pup with pure hostility.
Could her real target be the little one? "That's enough, Rucka!" Aidan ordered sharply, forcing her to calm down. "That's your sister! How can you want to kill her?!" Iwas stunned. "What's going on with your father?! Does Ignacio even know you're hunting his other daughter?" A fierce roar was the only answer. No matter how much Aidan tried to reason with her, the family drama was clearly intense. 
Suddenly, the two females started growling at each other again, ---- with the prince caught in the middle. "ENOUGH!" he silenced the chaos in one yell. "Aidan, what the hell is going on? I don't understand anything. picked up the pup, who watched everything with curiosity. Then I started piecing it together. They were accusing the female I saved of murdering the next heir of those feral creatures. Something like the next Alpha-the son of Ignacio.
Her sister was out for revenge, which was why they hunted the fugitive, who had given birth to a pup from the same Alpha. I don't know, but it all sounded way too suspicious. "She says she didn't do it," Aidan confirmed, glancing at her behind me. "She says... Rucka was the one who killed her own brother to take control of the Drakmor and framed her..." He had just said that, lowering his head to pinch the bridge of his nose, when I saw the shadow of danger move behind him.
A sharp claw had broken free from the ice shackle and was aiming for his back. "aidan!" I shouted, running toward him and unleashing a storm of deadly magic-hundreds of arrows shot toward the Drakmor. I thought Aidan would dodge in time, it should've been easy, but I froze as he spat blood and nearly collapsed forward. ---- I caught him in my arms, and because of that, the damn beast slipped out of my spell and ran into the forest, leaving a bloody trail behind. I didn't chase her.
Right now, the prince was my only concern. "aidan, what's going on?" He suddenly looked weak, his power dangerously unstable inside his chest. "I'm fine... just a minor relapse... she can't kill me either..." "This is NOT a minor relapse!" I realized he was hiding things from me. Every time my magic tried to explore his inner wounds, he blocked me. Thelped him sit on the ground. "Aidan, let me help you..." Blue magic vibrated from my fingers and sank into his body. Theo came back to hold him. 
"Pm fine, sweetheart... just lost focus," he lifted his hand to caress my cheek. But he was still way too pale, and the scent of blood from his wound hadn't faded. He flat-out refused to let me heal him with magic. As he stood up to check on the Drakmor, my eyes stayed locked on him. ---- Caught in my own drama, I hadn't realized something important... Aidan might show a tough front, but inside, his power was crumbling-even with Theo supporting him.
sek "She wants to make a pact with you," he said, completely changing the subject away from his own problems. "The Drakmor? What kind of pact?" I asked, confused. Then he told me something incredible. 
###Chapter 1180
---- 134. BEGINNING OF THE CONFLICT NYX 'Tums out you could bond with these fierce creatures, clever in their own way, and full of ancient wisdom. "You don't have to do this just to thank me..." I told her with a sigh, but she kept growling at Aidan. "can you really understand what she says?" "Yeah," he replied with a crooked smile.
"Because I made a pact with her Alpha, and I can hear everything the Drakmor under his command say." "Ooohh, impressive, Prince," I teased, trying to lighten the mood. "This is a gift, Nyx. They don't do this with just anyone. It's a race that rejects outsiders... I've never seen another bond like this. Only mine and Ignacio's." He said it with a trace of sadness. I didn't bring up the fact that apparently, Isabella hadn't shared that bond with the Alpha's former mate either. 
"Pm not even from your continent, but if you really want this... fine, I'll accept," I said, stroking her snout. Thad no idea what I was getting into. ---- Aidan drew a huge rune circle where the three of us stepped in because yeah, the pup joined the madness too. T summoned my magic and activated the spell, slicing my hand and letting the blood drip onto the markings in the dirt. 'The Drakmor was already bleeding from her wounds and gave the baby a small scratch.
Blood threads rose around us like threads of fate, wrapping us as their vitality merged with mine in the air. Aidan powered up the spell, and the moon sealed the bond with its glowing rays-a bond that would last for generations. Something formed between us, and when the runes faded, I could feel the deep connection with the two creatures standing before me. "Mom, can Sister hear Charcoal now?" My eyes went wide when that childish voice echoed in my mind. "T think so, little one." "You guys...
oh Goddess, this is insane!" Even though Aidan warned me, it still felt unreal. "Las dying to tell you this, little Selenia Nyx.." the melodic voice spoke to me. "Thank you... thank you so much. I'll never be able to repay what ---- you did for us. We'll Kill for you and follow you wherever you go." She bowed her massive head before me, and I could only reach out to touch the cold scales. It was incredible! Was this what Lyra felt when Aztoria talked to her? 
"sister, pet Charcoal's crest too!" The tiny voice made me smile as. she stood in front of me expectantly. I picked her up, feeling tenderness for this weird little creature full of eyes and sharp teeth. "Why are you called Charcoal?" I asked curiously. "when she was born, you said, 'here's the little charcoal,' so I named her that." I twisted my mouth at the female's comment.
Imean, I called her "charcoal" because she was a little black ball covered in dark scales, but I didn't expect the poor thing to get stuck with the nickname. "Let's call her... Klara, how about that?" My charcoalette squealed happily. Inamed the Drakmor mother Sachar, since she didn't have aname either. 
###Chapter 1181
---- Only the Ice Prince ever named them-for everyone else, they were ---- just violent beasts. "aidan, this is... magical," I said, glancing sideways at him. He could hear us the entire time. "T know. And you're incredibly powerful too... it took me a while to understand Ignacio," he said, and the pride in his eyes made my heart skip a beat. But then worry stirred in my chest again. Why had Aidan relapsed? Did it have something to do with the spell holding the palace together?
Our conversation went on abit longer, and Sachar gave us some really good news. Because Aidan didn't know exactly where the two fragments of the Beast's Heart had fallen. "That thing you're looking for is in the Drakmor mountain. I know because I found it by accident. Rucka, the daughter of... of the Alpha, she's hiding it." I saw the prince's brow tighten. "She says you killed her brother..." he confronted her. "That's not true! She's mad with power over that cursed stone! 
I tried to warn Ignacio, but he...!" She snorted, and I felt her fury. ---- "He didn't believe me, and then Rucka accused me of her brother's death... Ignacio banished me... [left in silence, but she found out my secret." She looked over at the pup, playing in the bushes, chasing fireflies. "She's afraid of the competition.
That's why she killed her brother -she wants to rule the Drakmor and now fears my daughter." "You're Ignacio's mate, aren't you?" Aidan asked suddenly, and she tensed, but then lowered her head. Iwas constantly shocked by how complex these creatures were. "Yes, Iam. His second chance mate. But he never wanted to acknowledge me... we were only together because of my heat, and later... he still wouldn't accept me as his Alpha Female." A heavy silence fell between us.
I didn't even know this Ignacio guy, and I already wanted to punch him. But then I remembered what I'd heard about his past with Aidan, and how Aidan had Killed his own mate... maybe that's why he rejected Sachar. "We're heading to the swamp right now," Aidan stood suddenly. " PIllet my sister and Vincent know so they don't worry," he added, "That's where the entrance to the Beastmen continent is and to Drakmor Mountain." ---- "Pm not taking them there," I protested. 
But thinking it over, I couldn't just leave them behind with that crazy beast still out there. In the end, they followed me on the path to the legendary swamp lands. The territory of a wild pack loyal to the Alpha King. We barely had time to fold our wings and land when we witnessed, from the sky, a brutal clash between giant wolves and those enraged black-scaled creatures. Right in front of them, a massive Drakmor roared at the skies.
There was no doubt in my mind-that had to be the leader, Ignacio. But why was he fighting the werewolf race? What had pushed him to finally betray Aidan? "ALPHA DRAKMOR!" The prince's roar shook every heart, diving down with a blast that summoned icy spikes from the ground, splitting the factions. Their furious gazes clashed across the distance between them. Ignacio growled threateningly-and I feared the war had just begun. 
###Chapter 1182
---- 135. MY LAST WISH A few hours before the Drakmor rebelled in the Swamp Pack. WINTER PALACE. ISABELLA Ever since I came into this world, I've been cursed. The power the Goddess gave me has only brought pain and nightmares. Who in their right mind would want to hear the darkest and most twisted thoughts of others? Their selfish desires, their wicked feelings... Why do I have to be the one stuck with those withered memories every time I touch them? That was my power.
That's why I spent most of my life away from home, my hands always covered by special gloves, isolated and alone. ---- I should've died a long time ago, in that cave where the Winter Prince found me barely alive, trapped by the evil I had absorbed over the years. Aidan was the drop of water in the desert of my life. But not even he could fill all the voids inside me, just like I couldn't fill his soul completely. It's ironic that, being a sorceress, my magic never resonated with his...
not in the way of a perfect bond. I was Vlad's destined mate, but I couldn't give him what his heart truly wanted either. I couldn't shift and run with him under the moon like a female of his kind. She can... Ever since I felt her energy so alive through Theo's emotions, I knew the moment I had waited for years had finally come. Aidan was ready to bury himself with me between these cold walls... I couldn't let that happen.
The love he once had for me had turned into guilt and ---- regret, into pity and melancholy. I wanted to leave him in the arms of someone good, someone worthy of the great man Aidan is. I couldn't take it anymore, so I sighed, letting the light of the Goddess wrap around me, take me to the place where tired souls go, those who just want to forget. But I was still a victim of the darkness that lives in everyone... and my father, the first man I ever idolized, was no exception.
"Father, that's enough..." I murmured under my breath, opening my eyes that felt as heavy as mountains. My body refused to respond, I could barely stay conscious. I saw the shadow standing over the bed. "Isa, I thought you'd be resting..." "Don't lie. You were checking if I was dead." I grabbed his hand as it closed around my wrist. I pulled the strength from the depths of my dying ---- magical heart to read him. 
###Chapter 1183
---- He didn't even try to hide like he used to. He was one of the few people whose thoughts I could never fully access. Still, I always knew. I uncovered my father's dark ambitions during one of his slip-ups. "Don't do it, Dad, I beg you... don't do this to me... I just..." Tears started to pour from my dry eyes. "I just want to die in peace... please let me go, Dad." It hurt so much. Those wounds inside me never healed, always bleeding.
There had been too much evil in that damned man, in that beast, who completely destroyed me. "Im sorry, Isa, but this can't end like this. Aidan can't start over while we bury you!" He roared, stepping back. And if I didn't have my power, if I hadn't seen all the rot in his soul, I might've believed ---- him. Then I started laughing... hoarse, low, distorted laughter. A dying woman laughing at a joke with no punchline.
Lying in bed, staring at the ceiling, unable to move, tasting the bitterness of my tears. "You buried me a long time ago, Dad," I whispered, closing my eyes. "That's why you don't care about using my corpse to fuel your ambitions of overthrowing the Alpha King and controlling the realms." He said nothing, but I soon heard his footsteps heading to the door. Unconsciousness was taking over. I feared that when I opened my eyes again, it would be to live through something worse than death.
"My other goals don't matter, Isabella..." I heard his voice from the doorway. "Im doing it for you too, because you're my little girl and ---- I love you. That woman will give you her spirit, and you'll be able to live with whoever you want. It's her... or you..." Those were his last words before leaving the room. I could hear him coordinating with Lisa to get me out of the castle and start his little show. A twisted, sad smile curled on my lips.
He knew damn well my spirit was fading, that I'd never be able to trap Nyx in my mind. He'd just use my body as a prison for her, to contain her power and use it for his own benefit. He didn't care what it would do to me. I'd be stuck in limbo, between life and death. "Things won't go the way you want, Spell King. Nyx's power is way more than you can handle, even with your cheap tricks." I dove into the remaining fragments of my inner world.
The icy winds of winter magic in the air seeped through my pores, stirred the blood in my withered veins, kept ---- my tired lungs working, eased the pain. But every breath carried Aidan's life energy, and every heartbeat of mine was one less of his. "Just a little longer, Goddess, please give me just a bit more strength to hold on." I begged into the void and waited for my chance. I saved the last breath of my magic to use at the right moment... to have a chance to say goodbye to him. 
###Chapter 1184
---- 136. TRICKS AND DECEPTIONS NARRATOR Something evil was stirring in the Drakmor mountain, poisoning their minds and clouding their senses. Especially the Alpha's. Wounded in his soul, unable to recover from the murder of his mate-and now, his son. Ignacio roamed the forest, his footsteps shaking the earth beneath his massive body, towering above many trees.
He had remained in his territory all these years, but ever since he banished her and watched her leave, the bond between them kept pulling him farther and farther from his domain. His second destined female had appeared in his life. He knew she had fled to the continent of the werewolves, and there he was, watching over the cave entrance that connected the realms. Torn on whether or not to go after her. ---- Deep down, he didn't believe she had killed their son...
Ignacio wasn't sure of anything anymore. And when the red pupils locked onto the figure in the clearing outside the cave, his mind finally snapped into the spell's trap. A massive Drakmor moved fast, black scales shimmering under the moonlight. Ignacio froze, stepping out from the bushes where he'd been hiding. It was his original mate, the Drakmor he had killed with his own jaws.
He let out a low growl, taking steps toward her, but she looked at him for a second before disappearing into the cave's shadows. The Alpha Drakmor stood frozen, hesitating for a moment. Logic told him this was impossible, but illusion magic hung thick in the air. ---- If he'd still been the old Ignacio, the one raised among winter men and ancient power, he wouldn't have fallen for such a cheap trick.
But between the corrupted energy plaguing his mountain and the deceit of sorcerers, his mind had been fully clouded. He ran after the image of his long-dead mate. He plunged into the maze of tunnels and stone passages, his steps echoing until he emerged on the other side. He crushed the underbrush on one of the many swampy islands, and in a clearing in the woods, he found more lies. Two men were "attacking" his female, who was losing the fight, wounded under their jaws.
With a savage roar, Ignacio lunged at them-at the very race he had sworn to protect. His enormous teeth tore through nothing. The shadows vanished into thin air... but to him, it all felt real. 
###Chapter 1185
---- BAM! A heavy thud snapped him back, and when he turned around, it was like reliving his worst nightmare all over again. There she was-his mate-but not the one he'd chased through the cave. Just bones. A corpse. Nothing left. She had been desecrated, animated by dark magic, a decoy cloaked in illusion to lure and disorient him. And it worked. The Drakmor's snout nudged the bones still covered in dirt, growling in pain-growls that turned into rage and a thirst for revenge.
He suddenly looked toward the Swamp Pack, past the mangroves and muddy water. ?They did this! They attacked his mate! It's all the werewolves' fault! It's Aidan's fault-he promised to protect them, and he led them to death!? Opening his enormous jaws toward the moon, the Alpha ---- Drakmor's roar of war thundered across the skies. It crossed the cave, the lands, the forest... reaching his warriors. 
Those closest to him roared in response and began to run, heading for the continent of the wolves. And that's how the battle began-the one Nyx and Aidan would soon arrive to. Hidden among the shadows, the vampires watched the chaos their plan had unleashed. "Marius," Edgar called out, holding his friend's body as he collapsed to the ground, sweating and gasping from the strain. "lm fine," he muttered, but his voice was faint.
Controlling the corpse of that beast had been too much -even after all these years since its death. "We need to get closer to the magic ice crystal. If that warlock king wants you to control his daughter, you can't do it in this condition!" Edgar looked worried. ---- Their situation in this new world was fragile. "It worked. The plan went exactly as it was supposed to," Marius said, rising to his feet and looking up at the sky. A raven was circling above them, signaling they should follow.
It was Isabella's mother's magic. The same woman who had cast the illusion spell to confuse Ignacio's mind, making him see his mate where only bones remained. Marius lifted the body. She had cloaked it with her illusion and staged the entire scene where werewolves attacked her. All lies to pit both sides against each other and clear out the Drakmor mountain. "Let's go," he told Edgar, starting to walk into the dark jungle. 
"I just hope those beast-men held up their end of the ---- deal." shee While the Swamp Pack prepared for battle, betrayal was already sweeping through the continent of the beasts. Alpha King Cedrick had managed to control the three discovered continents of these lands: the sorcerers, beast-men, and werewolves. The beast-men were an incredible race. Their animal bodies had evolved into humanoid forms, building a civilization much like the werewolves'.
Various clans spread across their wild lands, and the lions were the royalty-the leaders who ruled over all the other shapeshifters. Both the Sorcerer King and the Beast King had once answered to Alpha King Cedrick... but that was about to change. That night, the lion leader made his move too. 
###Chapter 1186
---- 137. THE POWER OF A SELENIA NARRATOR Agile shadows slipped through the interior of the Drakmor mountain, left unguarded as its warriors answered Ignacio's call. Following the trail of powerful energy that made their animal hearts thrum, the lions found, submerged in a deep well of black waters, the fragment of the Heart of the Beast. "Pull the ice, hurry!" the king himself had come for that dangerous task.
Nervously, they kept watch in case the Drakmors returned or the females guarding their pups noticed that the back of the mountain was being undermined by intruders. Héctor's dark eyes-the current lion monarch-shone with excitement. He had finally found something to strengthen his race. ---- It hadn't taken much for Edmund to bring him to his side. Héctor deeply hated the prince of the werewolves, Aidan Walker, the supposed best friend of Queen Zeraphina.
Zera, his mate, his beloved queen who had stood faithfully by his side all these years... but Héctor knew the truth. Deep down, she had never been able to forget her first love with that winter man. Aidan had rejected her as his partner, and even so, Zeraphina still held strong feelings for him. Héctor clenched his jaw, jealousy twisting in his heart. The massive block of ice was pulled out, the corrupted energy swirling beneath its translucent layer like a dark shadow.
They carried it silently out of the mountain, stealing it from Drakmor lands and taking it to the lion clan. ---- The Sorcerer King had promised to share this power if Héctor helped him face and overthrow Alpha King Cedrick and his Centurias. Héctor knew Edmund had his own hidden plans and ambitions, but he only wanted one thing: to see the downfall and death of Aidan Walker and his entire family.
What he never imagined was that, while they plotted in secret, Queen Zeraphina herself had been spying and listening from the meeting hall. And he was right about one thing: the lion queen would never turn against Aidan. When the time came to choose, Zera would ruin all his plans. Sobek Back at the moment of confrontation between Aidan and the Drakmor Alpha, things were getting dangerous. BAM! BAM! BAM! 
###Chapter 1187
---- The frenzied attacks slammed into the ice shield controlled by the winter prince. Around him, massive, fierce wolves battled a wave of rabid beasts. The leader of the Swamp Pack roared to guide his warriors, but no matter how strong and wild they were, they couldn't stop all those creatures. "Ignacio, that's enough! What the hell is wrong with you?! Are you out of your mind?!" Aidan shouted.
Circles of frosted runes spun like gears around him, activating his defense, creating deadly ice spikes that erupted from the ground like lethal weapons. The layer of snow began to spread through the forest, freezing everything in its path. "Rooaarrrr" The Alpha Drakmor was trapped in the tragedy of the past, unable to think clearly. He charged at Aidan-despite the pact made at birth ---- that should've prevented him from killing the prince, even that had been forgotten. 
Aidan braced for the clash of wills. He didn't want to hurt him, but he couldn't just keep defending himself. Icicle spears hovered high above Ignacio's head, but before they could drop, golden flashes lit up his animal eyes, making him growl in frustration. "Nyx, watch out!" Aidan yelled when he saw her flying over the battlefield. "I'll give you an opening to imprison him!" she shouted back, flapping her powerful black mist wings and sending gusts of wind through the air.
Nyx raised her hands to the moon above her head, which suddenly glowed with blinding light. She closed her eyes and when they opened, an intense ethereal blue danced in her gaze. Dark, bulging veins spread across her pale face like a lace pattern, trailing down her neck, arms, and hands, glowing in gold and silver. ---- Her mouth opened to chant powerful incantations. Black mist slithered from the shadowed forest, weaving through the legs of beasts and wolves, sending chills through them.
The once-still waters began to tremble and stir, as if shadows were rising from the depths of the swamp. Suddenly, the battle froze and the air turned dangerous, heavy... selenic. Aidan stared at her, mesmerized. She had become something extraordinary-and at the same time, hauntingly beautiful. "Sel'varya lumeth... naevorin uthrael... KORAI'RHA! ELYNTHA MIR VORA'LUNAE!" Nyx roared with a guttural voice, baring massive fangs and crying out to the heavens. 
Her sharp, hardened claws called to the Goddess above, summoning a storm of chaos that surged around her, ---- spinning like a whirlwind that engulfed her at the center. Wings flapped, and raven cries echoed from within. The red eyes of the Drakmor watched as a flock of golden ravens dove from the dark cloud above them. Beaks and claws, as hard as steel, carried the electrifying power of the Selenia. They pierced through the scales, shattering armor with each strike.
The werewolves leaped away from the blasts. The attack wasn't meant for them, but the power still terrified them. "AIDAN, NOW!" her mate's call pierced his mind. 
###Chapter 1188
---- 138. A TREACHEROUS ATTACK NARRATOR Ignacio struggled against the suffocating mist wrapping around his body, like a poisonous gas that controlled him. Aidan began to glow blue, tribal tattoos climbing from his chest up his neck to his face. His blue eyes flared like frozen glaciers, drawing runes in the air and summoning winter. The snow merged with Nyx's magic. The whirlwind began to surround Ignacio-darkness, gold, and white swirling together.
No matter how hard he fought, the icy layer froze his limbs, trapping him in the prison meant to hold him back. They didn't want to kill him-only contain him. Roars of pain and surrender echoed across the island. ---- The werewolves fought side by side with the golden ravens to overpower the Drakmor. But more and more beasts kept crawling out of the cave that linked the continents. No matter how powerful Nyx and Aidan were, they couldn't face the entire Drakmor clan alone.
"Aidan!" The prince turned to see Nyx's incredible transformation as she landed in front of him. If he hadn't known it was her, he wouldn't have recognized her. "Your friend is under a spell-I'm afraid he's been tainted by that corrupted magic!" she shouted over the chaos. Behind her, the giant frozen statue of Ignacio loomed. His red eyes still fixed on them. "I don't know how to clear his mind. Isabella... she was the one who could absorb dark magic from within ---- others," Aidan admitted.
"I can cast a spell to purify him, but..." Nyx hesitated. She could feel it-Aidan was abusing Theo's power, and that spell was overwhelming, even for her. She needed some of his help. If only her family were here... "Tell me, Nyx. Time's running out. I'll help you. Just tell me what to do..." He took her hands in his, understanding why she hesitated. The Selenia sighed and explained quickly.
"I'll hold the spell, no matter what happens!" Aidan promised her, both of them surrounded by a storm of blinding birds, mist, and blood. "Theo, I'm counting on you-we can't let her down." Magic surged through the werewolf prince's veins. With his hands raised, bluish energy shot from his fingers, wrapping around the icy layer that imprisoned Ignacio. 
###Chapter 1189
---- Snowy runes crept up the translucent surface, as if carved by an invisible hand. "AAAAHH"" The prince roared, exploding in bursts of power. The blizzard whipped his white hair violently as his feet lifted off the ground. His eyes glowed with an ethereal blue, like stars on a freezing night. Nyx didn't waste a second. She cast the same winter magic, intertwining her healing spell with the snowflakes and frozen particles.
The energy slipped into every crack of Ignacio's hardened armor as he fought desperately to move. It burned-it hurt so much. That Selenia magic clashed with the darkness in his mind, forcefully dragging out the evil, confusing mists. The ice around him began to stain black, dripping a foul, dark liquid. ---- Golden and white sparks fused in the air. Nyx stood beside Aidan, both of them powerful, awe- inspiring... unstoppable.
The Alpha Drakmor was calming down-he was nearly cleansed from the evil that had tainted his mountain. Just one more push... just a little more... But at the last moment... "Pft!" Aidan coughed up blood and collapsed to the ground. He landed hard, knees hitting first, clutching his chest where it felt like an iron fist was squeezing his magical soul. Theo howled, writhing in pain inside his consciousness.
Someone had taken Isabella from her sanctuary-and worse, they had attacked the spell that kept the palace alive without mercy. A forbidden, dangerous spell tied directly to his life. ---- And Aidan was right: at that exact moment, Lisa was carrying her sister away. She was sharing her energy with Isabella to keep her " alive". They left the snowy mountains behind... but Lisa never knew her father had ordered a group of sorcerers to destroy the Winter Prince's protection barrier without mercy.
"AIDAN!" Nyx dropped to his side, catching him in her arms. She immediately gave him her strength. Her heart stopped when she felt her mate's pulse begin to fade. Blood spilled from his lips, and the more he tried to speak, the worse it got. "Don't push yourself! Damn it, don't close your eyes! Don't close your eyes, my love! You're going to be okay, everything's going to be okay!" ---- She held him tightly against her chest, sitting on the grass, and began to shine intensely.
Her Selenia energy absorbed the power around her. The ravens vanished. The mist. Every defense and attack faded. Nyx became a vortex, sucking in all the magic she had released. Tears of desperation streamed down her cheeks, burning with rage. If they did something to her mate, if the worst happened because of this betrayal... she would burn this cursed land to the ground! 
###Chapter 1190
---- 139. A NEW FAMILY NARRATOR Everyone was confused-even the Drakmor-once they were suddenly freed from the magical torment. "DON'T JUST STAND THERE LIKE IDIOTS! DON'T LET OUR PEOPLE'S SACRIFICE BE FOR NOTHING!" Hakon, the Unbreakable Alpha of the Swamp Pack, roared at his warriors. His massive gray wolf was the first to lunge at the nearest Drakmor. Blood was already staining the battlefield grass. Bodies piled up on both sides.
He fought without fear, because at least he had sent his daughters and his mate-the Centuria Beta-to the royal palace. But Hakon knew, reinforcements were already on the way... and they were desperately needed, because those ---- beasts didn't seem to have an end. shee Nyx was so focused on repairing the wounds inside her mate's body that she didn't notice the danger creeping up behind her. The ice cracked, split into shards as the spell faded. Red eyes stared at her, still dazed.
The Alpha Drakmor was stuck in a limbo-he needed one last push to snap out of it... and he got it. As he lunged at the Selenia from behind, a massive tail swung hard and smacked him square in the snout, throwing him several feet away. Ignacio shook his head violently, seeing only blurry shadows-but that scent, that furious roar... he knew it... from where? He didn't have time to figure it out. A raging female Drakmor pounced on him, biting and kicking without mercy.
---- He didn't even have time to stand. BAM! His body slammed into a tree, which fell with a deafening crash. Finally, clarity returned to his mind. The last veil of darkness faded above him, and Nyx's healing magic had wiped out all curses. He looked up and saw the Drakmor locomotive coming straight at him. It was her! The female he had rejected because of ghosts from the past. Ignacio tried to speak to her-but Sachar was in full rage mode.
Her jaws clamped down on one of his legs, dragging him with all her strength straight into the swamp water. Maybe that would finally knock the idiot out of him. ---- Soaked, splashing in mud up to his chest, Ignacio could hear her shouting all kinds of insults in his mind. Then his gaze shifted to the brutal fight still raging on the island. He froze when he saw Aidan's body, cradled by the sorceress, and guilt struck him like a blade to the heart. He had been so wrong... Why?
Why had he lived all these years consumed by hatred? A small, tender roar shattered his world. Little "Charcoal" came out of the forest where she'd been hiding and squealed angrily, standing in front of her mother. "You were gonna hurt the sister! Bad Drakmor!" "My pup?" The moment he understood, the Alpha Drakmor gave a dominant command that brought the attack to an end. 
###Chapter 1191
---- They all stopped, staring at their leader. And even ---- though many didn't agree, they began to retreat. The werewolves didn't chase them. Drakmor was a race they had learned to respect. Not something you tempted fate with. Just like the plague had arrived, it withdrew to its continent, dragging away the bodies of its fallen. They all returned to their territory-all but their Alpha, who struggled to get to his feet and walk toward his mate and little daughter.
But this time, it wouldn't be so easy. Sachar wanted nothing to do with him. She wouldn't expose her pup to the madness of Ignacio's daughter, and she certainly wasn't going back to that cursed mountain. She had felt it herself-since arriving on this continent, her mind had begun to heal from the violence and murderous instinct. ---- Hebe In the shadows among the trees, red eyes watched everything unfold. She'd done well not to reveal herself.
She saw her father trying to approach that female and that damned little beast. Rucka left, heading back to the mountain-blending in with the other Drakmor. She had been close to that power stone, her strength had grown, and now the time had come to claim the head of the clan. She killed her own brother because he disagreed with her-eliminating the competition. Her father could no longer be Alpha. His feelings for Prince Aidan made him weak. She never forgot or forgave. Her mother's death...
someone had to pay. ---- Hebe "You can let go of him now. Listen, it's alright... we'll take him to the cabin. His Druid is on the way," Hakon-the huge, battle-hardened blond Alpha of the Swamp Pack-spoke patiently to Nyx. She still clung to Aidan, even though his magic had stabilized The Selenia looked up with red eyes and saw that the chaos had been brought under control. She looked down at her mate's pale face, the fear of losing him still strangling her soul.
She nodded, allowing them to carry him off to rest in one of the swamp houses. Built high in the trees on strong wooden platforms. "Bella... Bella..." Nyx could hear the soft murmurs from his lips. Her chest ached, but she understood Aidan's worry for his female. ---- Something had happened at the palace. Theo's magic was tangled around the prince's wounded heart. They'd been betrayed. What the hell was happening in this damned realm? Nyx made a decision right then and there... Dangerous, but necessary. 
###Chapter 1192
---- 140. BURDENS OF CONSCIENCE NARRATOR Nyx's gaze followed Ignacio as he disappeared into the forest, chasing after Sachar. "Please take care of Aidan," she told Hakon, looking straight into those serious gray eyes. "I'll guard him with my life, but wait-" he tried to stop her as she started walking away. "I know you're powerful. I've never seen magic like yours, but don't rush into this," Hakon warned her.
He had too many centuries behind him not to recognize the twisted schemes that could form in a man's mind. "I can feel my mate. The Centuria Queen and the Alpha King are approaching, an army's with them. Whatever it is you're searching for, they can help you..." "I can't wait any longer. I need to find the Heart of the ---- Beast and call my family," Nyx said, ready to face anything. Hakon couldn't stop her. Sending warriors with her would only get in the way. 
His gray eyes drifted toward the battlefield and beyond. "Anastasia, hurry up, love... things aren't looking too good on this side," he whispered, hoping the message would reach her. eee Nyx soared over the swamp's stagnant waters and reached the island where the cave connecting the continents was located. She'd followed the scent of blood those beasts had left behind. But the moment her boots hit the ground, she heard a splash behind her.
Out of the shadows emerged a mountain of black scales, and the Selenia instantly went on guard. ---- "I didn't kill you out of respect for Aidan, but after everything you've done, I'm more than tempted!" she shouted at the male who stepped into the moonlight. It was Ignacio, and his demeanor had changed drastically. "Nyx, he wants to help you," Sachar's voice rang out too, coming from behind the Alpha beast. The little one was perched on his back, casting annoyed looks at her father.
"He'll guide you to his mountain. He wants you to take that curse away from his lands... and help Aidan," Sachar explained Ignacio's intentions. "Do you trust him?" "No. But he's your best shot right now," she replied, and Ignacio huffed a little at his mate's lack of faith. It would take a lot-a whole damn lot-to make up for everything. He'd have to crawl lower than a worm to earn ---- forgiveness. 
The little one didn't even want to look at him, let alone call him "father." "Don't come with me. Stay here with the pup." "Just stay alive in all this madness. That's all I ask," she told them, and Sachar sighed. The pup jumped off her back and ran to rub herself against Nyx's legs, as if she wouldn't see her for centuries. "If you betray her or hurt her in any way..." she growled mentally at Ignacio, stepping toward him in warning.
She knew perfectly well she could defeat him, because he'd let her. Sachar wasn't stronger than the Alpha male. "I won't betray her. This time, I'll keep my promise to the very end," his deep, rough voice echoed in her head. That's how Nyx finally entered the continent of the beast -men. 
###Chapter 1193
---- On a stormy night that seemed never-ending. She ran fast in her wolf form, following the thunderous steps of Ignacio. But when they reached the outskirts of Drakmor territory, the Alpha sensed danger-or rather... a challenge. He stepped in front of Nyx, blocking her path. "What's going on?" the Selenia could feel his unease. She could only "speak" with Sachar and her daughter- she didn't have Aidan's ability. 
Still, after Ignacio nudged her several times with his snout, she got the message. "All right, I'll wait here," she told him, clearly distrustful. "But if you try anything, I swear, even if Aidan gets mad- I'll rip your heart out." Ignacio just nodded. Right now, Nyx was the least of his worries. ---- Someone was challenging him for leadership. And as he approached his mountain and caught that familiar scent, his soul sank deeper. It was his daughter-and his mate had been right.
His own daughter had likely killed her brother... and now she was coming for his head. eee Nyx shifted forms again. Her misty clothing cloaked her pale skin. She wasn't about to sit here like a helpless dove waiting around. Nyx didn't care about Ignacio's mess. She'd sneak into the den, using their inner strife to her advantage. The Selenia needed to spill her blood over that corrupted energy, so her family could find her among all the worlds and portals. 
But she had barely stepped out into a clearing when a ---- voice made her freeze. "So you got what you wanted in the end," the tired voice echoed behind her. "I begged for your help, never knowing all you wanted was my man." "Isabella..." Nyx turned around in slow motion and saw her standing at the edge of the forest. Like a ghost, fading, leaning against the trunk of a tree. A shadow rising to stir all the guilt weighing down her conscience. A trap, meant to lower her defenses... and it was going to work. 
###Chapter 1194
---- 141. ALLIED PLANS NARRATOR The Beastmen King had ordered the spell to be moved to another part of the palace. His heart pounded with excitement. He had seen up close the immense power trapped beneath the ice. Those two vampires had come to "steal" energy, only to leave in a rush and keep following Edmund's plans. The lion was eager to try it himself and become stronger, but first, he would protect that treasure well and lock it in his private vaults.
"Watch out!" he roared, both shocked and furious, when he saw a shadow dart between his men. The straps of the palanquin holding the frozen crystal were cut, and it rolled across the floor of the great hall, leaving a wet trail over the tiles. ---- "What the hell do you think you're doing?!" Héctor growled at the lioness that had stepped in his way. "Grab the crystal!
And you're gonna explain right now...!" "None of my warriors has to answer to the King," said a cold voice echoing from the dark hallway, followed by a group of lionesses growling threateningly. "My queen, this... what does this mean?" cold sweat dripped down the monarch's spine. He played dumb, but the moment he saw Zeraphina's furious eyes, he knew... she had found out about his deal with the Sorcerer King. Worse yet, a wall of beasts now stood between that energy and his warriors.
"I think we both know exactly what it means," said the golden-haired, bright-eyed female with defiance. "Zera, don't do this. Our kind can thrive. Do you always want us licking the Alpha King's boots?!" "King Cedrick and Queen Raven were the ones who ---- saved my family, our clan... my mother!" Zeraphina roared with her fangs bared. "And we've paid them with valuable minerals! We've served them all these years!" Héctor struggled not to throw his own insecurities in her face.
But they both knew very well what this betrayal was all about. "You've disappointed me so much, Beast King..." Suddenly, the Queen's dry voice squeezed the monarch's heart. "If you're not standing by me, then it means you're choosing him... please, my love..." "Arin, Monic! NOW!" Zeraphina couldn't waste another second on aman who never knew how to value her love. Sure, her first love had been Prince Aidan, but she'd moved past those feelings and truly opened her heart to Héctor.
And he, buried in his jealousy and insecurities, killed their relationship day by day. "Retrieve the spell!" 
###Chapter 1195
---- In a flash, the two biggest and strongest lionesses pounced on the vines and yanked the huge chunk of ice, dragging its carriage. Two warriors leapt into the air, shifting mid-jump before crashing down onto the wall of beasts snarling with full force. "I won't let you help that man! You're mine! MINE!" Héctor lost control, consumed by hatred. He shouted, making the crystal chandelier tremble, and threw himself into battle. A massive lion with a stunning golden mane.
His paws hit the ground, and he was less than a meter from the ice when the jaws of a lioness clamped down on his back leg, hurling him aside. Héctor spun around with fierce agility, his claw ready to tear a chunk, but he stopped when he saw who he was facing. "You're gonna betray me after all," his feline pupils ---- stared at her, filled with anger and sorrow. "I never betrayed you, Héctor. 
I truly loved the man who fought for my love, not this pathetic, insecure loser you've become." The fierce female stood in front of him. If he wanted to reach that dark magic, he'd have to get through her corpse. "Arin, Monic, get that thing to Aidan or the Swamp Pack! Now!" With one last command, the queen of the Beastmen launched herself fiercely at the lion male. She knew she wouldn't win, but at least, she'd earn something precious for her childhood friend... time.
be Meanwhile, at the Swamp Pack: "What the fuck do you think you're doing?!" Alpha Hakon roared at the Winter Prince when he saw him coming out of his room. ---- "I have... to go after Nyx... something's gonna happen, Isabella left the castle... ughhh..." Aidan was drenched in sweat. He clutched his chest, swallowing the blood rising in his throat. His body was a mess inside. Even with fast medicine and Nyx's healing power, his vitality had taken a brutal hit.
"If you wanna die, don't come do it in my damn swamp, because I don't want your mom burning my ass!" Hakon, savage as always, but Aidan knew he genuinely cared. "Hakon... I have to go. If it were Anastasia... or your daughters..." Aidan looked up, his icy gaze a bit clouded, but full of determination. The Alpha knew how stubborn he was. He couldn't stop him. And honestly, if it were his own family, he'd do the ---- same. "Your Druid and the Centuries' Priestess are nearby. 
Your parents are coming with an army, Aidan... just wait a few more minutes..." "There's no time..." Aidan shoved him aside and stepped onto the platform, summoning his fluctuating energy to form massive translucent wings. "I'm going with you..." "No, Hakon," he turned to the Alpha. "I need you here. Give this message to my father: Don't hesitate. Charge full-force toward the Beastmen's continent." With those words, he unleashed gusts of wind and vanished like frost into the night.
They were together, he could feel it. Nyx's vibrant magic and Isabella's fading one. Nothing good would come of that meeting. 
###Chapter 1196
---- 142. NOTHING IS AS IT SEEMS NARRATOR Under the moonlight, in that clearing, the Selenia faced her deepest regrets. "Isabella, what are you doing here?... How did you get out of the palace? Aidan was hurt..." "Why can't I be here, Nyx?" her voice growled through clenched teeth. "Are you scared I found out about your betrayal?" Nyx started shaking her head, her mind scrambling for excuses-her bond with Aidan, soulmates, how hard she fought against that love...
None of it felt like enough, and the accusing look in the sorceress's eyes cut deep into her conscience. "Isabella, I "You... you what?... Bitch!" the witch stepped out of the shadows, taking a few shaky steps toward her. ---- Nyx was so wrapped in her guilt that she couldn't see the obvious signs, the logical questions. "I treated you kindly, welcomed you when you arrived in an unfamiliar place.
All I asked was for you to help me with my mate, and you used my weakness to seduce him!" "That was never my intention! I never wanted to hurt you, let alone seduce him!" Nyx's eyes began to glow red; her chest felt unbearably heavy. Isabella kept moving closer, pushing her backward, cornering her exactly where she wanted. "I know what you did in the woods!" Bella shouted, her voice choking through tears. She looked so broken and helpless that the Selenia felt like a monster.
Nyx turned pale at her words. She didn't even stop to ask herself-how did Isabella find out if she was locked away in the palace? Why was she here in the middle of nowhere? ---- "I'm sorry... I never meant for it to happen like that," Nyx looked down, ashamed of everything she'd done for love .. love for another woman's mate. "I'll just go home. I'll leave you both alone. Aidan loves you... "You can't leave just like that..." the witch's raspy voice cut Nyx off.
Suddenly, she was right in front of her. "What more do you want from me, Isabella?" the Selenia looked up, eyes wet, cheeks flushed, her throat tight. Every sense in her body was screaming danger, but her guilt-clouded mind wouldn't let her think straight. "I need your power one last time... to say goodbye to Aidan," the pain was pouring from every pore of the witch's body. Nyx felt such pity. How could she have ever wanted Aidan for herself? Goddess... she was scum. "can't do that.
It wouldn't be fair... not to him, and not to ---- you... 
###Chapter 1197
---- "You owe me, Selenia, you owe me!" she grabbed her by the collar with rigid hands. The stench of desperation and death hit Nyx straight on. "I have no strength left. I came to say goodbye, but I can't go on, Nyx... I can't..." she collapsed into the black- haired woman's chest. Her hair, once golden and radiant, had turned dull and brittle. Nyx closed her eyes, swallowing hard, fighting with everything in her to avoid the choice she was about to make.
"If I go into your consciousness again, when I come out, without my magic to support me, you'll die for good, Isabella," she warned her. ?You'll never wake up again? A voice whispered in the witch's dark mind. "I'm going to die anyway..." Bella's mouth answered. It ---- was her voice... but not truly her will. Nyx sighed, ready to risk leaving her body vulnerable. If it were caught by the magical trap set for her, she'd be trapped inside Isabella with no vessel to return to. 
She reached toward the witch's chest, looking into her sorrowful eyes, drowning in her dirty conscience... but at the last second, something changed the course. A flash of vitality lit up Isabella's irises, and Nyx felt the pulses of a spell she knew too well. Zarek... Why were the threads of the vampire prince's fate wrapped around Isabella? Just as Nyx was about to step back, her mind snapping clear, Isabella's hand moved with incredible speed. The dagger at her waist was drawn.
Nyx was about to summon her magic to defend herself, but nothing went even remotely as she expected. "NO!" she screamed as she watched Bella pull the blade from the leather sheath and stab it mercilessly into her ---- own chest. Blood gushed from her mouth, splattering Nyx's face and neck. "Isabella, what have you done?! No, no, no...!" she grabbed her, trying to stop the life pouring from her wounded heart. Her healing magic was about to surge into the wound, but the sorceress stopped her.
"Don't do it... Nyx... I don't have time..." Isabella was holding on with the last of her strength. Fighting like a warrior against Marius's ruthless control over her will. Twisting her like a lifeless puppet. "Everything... I told you just now... it was a lie," her trembling hands, stained with blood, clung to Nyx's, using the Selenia to keep herself from falling. "I always knew you belonged to him... I did everything to bring you two together. Don't leave him, Nyx... I give you ---- .. 
my blessing..." Tears streamed from her clear, lucid eyes as they dulled again like a lifeless doll. Nyx held her tight, desperately searching for the spell that linked her to the one controlling her. Where was it?! It couldn't be Zarek, or Victoria! How could someone do something so cruel to Isabella?! But when she touched the forbidden runes on Bella's back and raised her hand glowing with deadly black mist to break the curse-Prince Aidan arrived.
He had followed the vibration of their souls, pushing his body to the edge again and again. His eyes fell on the scene in the clearing, and everything he saw looked twisted and horribly wrong. "NYX, STOP!" he roared, seeing her "attacking" Isabella's back as she bled out in her arms. 
###Chapter 1198
---- 143. DISCOVERING THE TRUTH NARRATOR Without thinking clearly, Aidan whipped a lash of ice that wrapped around the sorceress and tore her from the Selenia's arms. Isa's body flew toward him, slamming into his chest as his boots hit the ground. When Aidan looked down and saw Nyx's dagger lodged in his mate's chest, he couldn't believe it. Nyx couldn't have done this... she wasn't that kind of person! "Aidan, things aren't what they seem!
This is all a trap!" "STOP LYING, DAMN YOU!" Edmund's voice thundered in the air as a circle of runes lit up beneath the black-haired woman's feet. At least his useless daughter had managed to bring this woman into the trap carved underground. "T saw you! You pushed that dagger into Isa's chest! You did it to steal that traitor for yourself!" he shouted with hatred, pointing at Aidan, who was on his knees holding Isabella.
---- The most powerful warlocks on the continent emerged, lifting the spell that had kept them hidden. There were many, concealed in the shadows of trees and natural elements. But only the elite of the King's court advanced, immediately chanting the binding words to trap the Selenia, forming a circle around her. Edmund himself stepped up to Nyx's grim face. He now realized she had walked right into his trap. "You'll pay for everything you did to my daughter. For coveting her life...
You'll pay with yours!" he growled, raising his hands to the sky and summoning his lightning magic- wild and deadly, just like nature itself. Bolts crashed into the earth around Nyx, forming a cage that held her in place. Since the simple Plan A had failed, it was time for Plan B: to forcibly insert the girl's power into Isa's body. Aidan now faced the hardest choice of his life, one that could determine the joy or ruin of his future.
"Winter Prince, if any of the promises you made to Bella were ---- real, now's the time to prove it!" 'The Warlock King's echo tried to twist his heart, feeding off his feelings. "Help me fuse this woman with Isabella! You could have both if they're both your mates!" Edmund wove his temptations. Winds howled above their heads, the chants growing louder and louder as the crackle of thunder caged Nyx like bars of lightning. Nyx could free herself-of course she could.
Even if the pressure from these warlocks was no joke and Edmund was powerful. She couldn't beat them all, but she could escape. Still, she stayed... her blue eyes locked only on Aidan. What choice would the wolf prince make? Aidan stared at her from a distance. Theo was freezing the wound in Isa's chest, trying to give strength to her human side. She couldn't leave! Viad's heart was torn between old love and new. 
###Chapter 1199
---- Aidan couldn't believe Nyx had done this. He knew Edmund ---- had to be behind it somehow. "I'd stake my life she's innocent... she'd never do something like this... all of this... is your fault," his glowing eyes locked onto his former father-in-law. "Aidan..." but Isabella's hand grabbed his, and he lowered his head to meet those eyes he had loved so much. Something about them was off... they didn't feel real. "She did it, my love... to tear us apart... help me... [don't want to die...
Aidan... I need her power... I don't want to die..." Sobs slipped from the witch's mouth, her face twisted in pain and suffering. The Winter Prince's soul cracked, but no matter how badly he wanted to save her, he wouldn't agree to imprison his other mate. Not her, not anyone... "Tcan't, love, Ican't..." Aidan held her tightly, drowning in guilt. Because of his selfishness, Isabella had suffered so much. "Take my life, take my magic, take anything from me... but ---- don't ask me that, Bella...
don't ask me that..." his voice broke, strangled by the knot in his throat as he clung to her. He was desperate, exhausted, trapped... But just like a light at the end of his darkest path, Theo began to glow from inside Isabella's chest, and his energy connected with hers. "Tt's a lie, my prince! They're deceiving you, controlling me!" Through the haze, the message made its way into the Winter Prince's mind. Aidan froze, absorbing the warning. "Make your choice, Prince!
HONOR MY DAUGHTER NOW!" Edmund kept yelling like a crazed zealot. "Pm making my choice right now," Aidan lifted his head with a deadly glare. The warlock suddenly had a very bad feeling. 'The wolf's hand moved with lightning speed, releasing a mist of white smoke from the freezing cold. He grabbed something in the air-trailing out from Isabella's back-and with bursts of power, began to freeze the ---- manipulation spell.
To the naked eye, fine threads turned to ice in the air, tracing a path toward the forest... to the puppeteer hiding within, pulling the strings. "AAAHHHI" the scream echoed from the darkness as Marius the vampire's entire body began to freeze so fast, he didn't even have time to release the spell. 
###Chapter 1200
---- 144. GOODBYE FOREVER, MY "BELLA" NARRATOR 'The blizzard roared fiercely through the lightning bolts, and Aidan clenched his fist, shattering the tangled threads of the spell midair. 'They burst into pieces, and with them, the man who dared to mimic a power that wasn't his. Hiding in the bushes nearby, the other vampire slapped a hand over his mouth, watching his partner fall apart like a frozen statue.
The scream of shock and pain was still carved into the frozen features of his face as it shattered to pieces across the grass. Amid the chaos, Edgar slipped away from the battlefield to save his own skin-like the cowardly rat he'd always been. His footsteps vanished into the same woods from where two massive lionesses were now charging forward, dragging a heavy chunk of ice. Behind them, elite warriors of the beastmen followed their trail, dispatched by their king.
---- Zeraphina hadn't been able to stop all of Hector's preparations to support those traitorous sorcerers. The moment Isabella was freed from the binding spell, she summoned the last of her spirit and spread her wings to fly one final time. Her entire body lit up with dark sparks that pulsed from her chest, where the fluttering of a hummingbird could be heard. "ISA, NO!!" her sister screamed, abandoning her position within the runes, and their mother collapsed to her knees.
What was the point of all this, then? Aidan's tears began to fall, freezing on his already cold skin. Ahummingbird, black with deep amethyst shimmer, brushed against his forehead. That magnetic voice echoed in his mind: ?You promised me... if lever called you 'love' again, you'd grant me any wish. I only have one, my love... be happy. Be truly happy, my prince, like you've always deserved? Isabella's spirit fluttered, clawing at his heart.
---- Aidan clung to her empty, soulless body, staring through tears, wanting to roar from the pain and helplessness. "Bella!" He reached for her as she drifted away, but his fingers only grazed the final trail of glowing amethyst energy. The beautiful bird flared like a shooting star and dove straight into the chest of the Sorcerer King, who screamed into the wind and dropped to one knee. His entire body convulsed violently.
His daughter had used her will, her final strength, to expose all his ugly ghosts before everyone. Twisted black shadows began pouring from his body, speaking in his own voice, spilling every secret, every scheme, every bitter envy he'd ever held against the werewolf realm. Why should they bow to those animals? Sorcerers were superior! Edmund unraveled in a fit of tormented screams. He burst with rage, clutching his head and fighting to escape Isabella's final strike. 
###Chapter 1201
---- A thunderbolt struck him, reigniting his arcane energy, scorching the shadows of his own evil-but it was too late. Everyone had already seen the filth inside him. Aidan's suspicions were confirmed. That same sorcerer had used Isabella's body like a puppet to deceive them. His sorrowful eyes met Nyx's stormy gaze, then drifted back to the lifeless body in his arms. The flutter of a hummingbird caught their attention again-a shining shadow lifted from Edmund's body.
It flew above them, sailing through the night, vanishing into the silver beams of moonlight. Fora second, the Goddess shone brighter, taking the hand of one of her most tormented daughters. Inher next life, she would make her the main character of her own story-one full of joy and a love so fierce, it would be hers until the very end. "Goodbye, my mate. I'll never forget you, my beloved sorceress," Vlad whispered to the sky, closing his eyes with ---- sorrow. A deep howl tore from Aidan' lips.
Theo raised his voice too, howling one last goodbye to their companion. suddenly, the clearing went completely silent-until an unwelcome voice shattered the solemn moment. "ENOUGH OF THIS BULLSHIT!" the Sorcerer King snapped completely. His wife's and daughter's sobs grated on his nerves. Isabella's betrayal had killed what little fatherly love he still had left. No more pretending. He was going all in. Lightning and thunder struck down, forming a massive sword inhis grip.
His white robes billowed with the explosion of his magic, and he launched himself toward Selenia, who had remained far too calm until now. Before he could reach Nyx, a shadow stepped in to defend her. "Aidan!" she shouted as the huge Alpha's back blocked her view. ---- 'The thunderblade sparked against a sharp sheet of ice, halting its path in midair. "Over my dead body, you' ll get near her!
I won't let you hurt her like you hurt Bella!" Aidan roared, Theo's and Vlad's voices resonating through him. A frozen wolf-shaped mask covered his face, his body encased in an impenetrable armor. He lunged at the Sorcerer King with savage fury. The coven of witches was caught off guard... What now? But the queen was consumed with grief over Isabella's death, and when she saw Nyx step forward to support Aidan, she took control of the situation. "Reactivate the enchantment!
Don't let her escape!" she shouted, rising and becoming the first to strike with no mercy. Chains erupted from the ground, shaking beneath their feet. Thick as a person's torso, they rushed toward Nyx, aiming to capture her. But before the impact - before Selenia could explode with her power-a sea of flames surged between her and the danger. 
###Chapter 1202
---- A massive fire wolf snarled furiously, its flaming tail waving before Nyx's stunned eyes. More wolf howls echoed through the forest, red eyes wrapped in death stared at the witches like their next meal. "LEAVE NONE ALIVE!" the Alpha King Cedrick's wild command shook the witches to their core. With savage howls, an army of giant wolves emerged from the trees. The Centuria warriors, riding their beasts of fire.
Nyx stood frozen, stunned by the circle of flames surrounding her, anda woman in red armor, fierce as a warrior queen, battling in the center of the blaze. She leapt toward Isabella's mother and sister, wielding a glowing sword, lethal and ready to take heads. The battlefield turned to utter chaos. Edmund had brought many of his people-the most powerful inhis clan. Soon, the elements of nature moved like pieces on a twisted chessboard.
---- 'The ground shook, barriers rose, pits opened, cliffs appeared. Lightning danced across werewolf flesh and bone. Only the Centurias' fire wolves were spared from that torment. But King Cedrick's side had magic too-and their own tricks. Black roses began blooming among the scorched grass. Acursed field that drained supernatural energy, weakening the mages' spells. It was Vincent's power, fighting alongside his Centuria princess, Aidan's sister.
Everyone had arrived, and on this continent where there was fire... there was also ice. Snow began to fall over their heads. The ground froze, trapping enemy legs like icy hands of the dead rising from nowhere. Sharp icicles could pierce through flesh at any second. A powerful group of warriors-all white-haired, brawny, and fearless-emerged from the rear to back up their Centurias. ---- It seemed like the battle was won, even though Aidan was still fighting the strongest of their enemies.
But no matter how powerful Edmund was, he wasn't invincible. And he was still waiting on reinforcements-which didn't take long to arrive. Animal sounds echoed as they approached. More fighters... and clearly, they weren't on King Cedrick's side. seek "How the hell do we get Aidan's attention in the middle of all that?!" the two lionesses panted, completely out of strength. 
###Chapter 1203
---- 145. TRUE POWER NARRATOR 'They had never run so hard while dragging something that heavy. "T don't know, I don't know, damn it, they're right behind us!" one of them shouted, glancing over her shoulder. Both lionesses, hidden at the edge of the battlefield, were nervous, anxious... If this magic fell into the hands of a sorcerer, all of Queen Zeraphina's efforts would be for nothing, Before making any rash decision, they sensed a presence behind them.
They turned, growling, thinking maybe their own people had caught up to them-or worse, a warlock. But no, it was someone unexpected. "A Drakmor?" "That's the Drakmor Alpha! He's Aidan's friend!" the other said, recognizing the giant emerging from the shadows. ---- Ignacio's skin was covered in deep wounds. More than flesh, that fight had ripped pieces from his soul. Inthe end, his daughter's madness had won out. She had caused her own death, even after Ignacio had given her a chance to live. 
Despite the pain, the Drakmor Alpha had come to fulfill the promises he had made. "Take it to Aidan-your friend, the man of winter!" they shouted, seeing light at the end of the path. Ignacio looked at that cursed thing that had destroyed so much in his life. He opened his mouth in fury, as wide as he could, and grabbed one side of the crystal with all his strength. This magic wasn't meant for Aidan... it was for that little Selenia.
With a powerful heave, he hurled the ice through the air- through fire and snow, lightning and storm. His roar shook the world and caught Selenia's attention. ---- Nyx knew the moment she saw it: that was the Heart of the Beast. She stopped slaughtering the warlocks in front of her and summoned her black wings. Took off into the sky, aiming for the crystal. Fast. Sharp. Barely visible to the naked eye.
Before Edmund could break free from Aidan's assault to claim the power for himself, Nyx slashed her hand open and dropped her blood onto the icy surface. BOOM! 'The massive crystal slammed into the trees, shattering them. Crimson droplets rolled across the cold surface. 'The shadow inside started to stir, excited, drawn toward something-it wanted to reunite with the rest of the Heart. Edmund saw everything... but could do nothing to stop the fall. 
He didn't know what that woman had done-but it would surely ruin him. Worse yet, his people were dying under the relentless assault, ---- and Aidan, even wounded, was proving nearly impossible to defeat. Just as he considered retreating to his realm to regroup, the allied reinforcements finally arrived. All kinds of animal warriors emerged from the shadows, clashing with the wolves. Most ferocious of all were the lion clan, leaping to rip out throats. Edmund breathed a little easier.
Maybe he still had time to pull off one of his dirty tricks. But a scream of agony made him turn his head-and a searing pain flooded his chest. The Raven Centuria Queen was holding his wife's severed head in her hand. Right in the middle of the battlefield, she lifted it for all to see, her face twisted with rage, and Edmund's mind was consumed by hate. 
###Chapter 1204
---- "Neither of you deserved to be parents!" Raven roared in his mind, tossing her war trophy into the flames. "Yours will be the next head I take!" she threatened, but ---- before she could move again, a shadow to her right caught her attention. Lisa charged at her mother's killer, but Raven was ready, sword in hand. Nyx stepped between them just in time. "Please! Let me unleash my rage too, Queen Centuria!" Nyx shouted as she collided with Lisa's attack.
She knew Lisa had done everything for her sister-but this witch had conspired to trap her inside Isabella's body. Raven didn't intervene. She stood back, observing the legendary Selenia's combat skills. Nyx was incredible. She could hold her own. So Raven summoned her fire wolf and leapt onto its back, cutting a path of death wherever they went. seek "Aaarrgh!" Edmund cried out as the ice blade pierced his chest, nearly hitting his heart ina moment of carelessness. 
"Your fight is with me!" Aidan shouted, enraged, charging forward, burning up all his strength-but the chants of his Druid filled the air, empowering the men of winter. ---- 'The Sorcerer King jumped back, but at the last second had to roll to the ground. He nearly landed in the claws of the Alpha closing in from behind. A massive white wolf with ruby eyes glared at him with hatred. "King Cedrick...
so you've come to cover up your pup's infidelities..." Edmund sneered with no humor, spitting blood to the side. He knew deep down he was going to lose-but if he could take out this damn man and his son in the process, he would do whatever it took. "Leave him to me, Aidan!" Cedrick roared, charging like a savage beast toward Edmund. Edmund was ready, gathering all his electrifying power for a single devastating strike. But in one breath of life, the entire world seemed to freeze.
Lightning no longer struck the ground. Snow stopped falling. Flames hesitated to burn. And the moon began to disappear above their heads. ---- As if they'd all rehearsed it, every warrior looked up. The bites and slashes paused. Even those on the verge of death still drew breath. Nyx knew instantly-her father... had found her. Raven's scalp prickled when her red eyes saw a crack form in the moon. The same damn silver moon... now twisting into a black hole with no bottom. 
Cracks spread like spiderwebs. Achilling sound echoed through the air. At the edge of the vortex... claws appeared. 'The claws of a giant. Two hands tore open the sky, ripping a massive portal into existence. Aveil shredded by the grotesque spectral creature. The head of a furious monster breached their world. ?NYYYYYYX!!!> The roar shook the treetops violently, nearly toppling them in ---- the storm winds. Selenia's heart pounded, overwhelmed, tears threatening to spill. Her family was here.
From the gaping maw of the monster, golden streaks poured down onto the continent. And Edmund saw it, eaten alive by envy and jealousy. His arrogance had made him blind... This... this was what true power looked like. 1 
###Chapter 1205
---- 146. SILAS IN UMBROS MODE NARRATOR Nyx was so happy and excited, but when she found out her father's intentions... she really felt like crying. "No, no, no, Dad, you can't do this here! Damn it! There are allies too!" Terror clutched her soul when she saw the black mist pouring out of the mouth of that enormous specter, a fusion of Silas's powers. The energy was condensing, forming into a massive ball filled with storms and death.
The gaping mouth of that monster looked like a cannon about to fire, and Nyx knew it wouldn't harm her... but everything around her would just die. Damn it, the Spectral King was seriously pissed off. "Aidan, tell your people to gather around me! Hurry or they're going to die!" she shouted in her mate's mind, who stared at her from afar. ---- Edmund was already irrelevant: now it was all about the fight and the sorcerers.
In front of that massive black figure with hollow eyes glowing red from empty sockets, they felt like mere mortals facing a God of Destruction. "Nyx, what the hell is that?! Mom, Dad, get everyone to gather around Nyx!" Aidan rushed in without wasting a second, kicking down any enemy that crossed his path in the chaos. He asked his Druid to keep protecting Isabella's body. They would deal with Edmund later, but right now, the magical pressure weighing on them was crushing. "Well...
that's a bit of my dad's power," Nyx replied with an awkward face. Apparently, his magic had been deeply disturbed when the portal was opened; clearly, all her complaints had reached Silas. While the enemies on the ground ran off into the woods, ---- thinking they could escape that way, in the sky, the three Selenias were all suffering headaches. Their bodies, sculpted from pure golden energy, descended like falling stars into all that darkness.
"Sigrid, get back and control your suicidal psycho of a mate!" Gabrielle yelled in her mind. "If he throws that thing, we don't even know who's down there!" Sigrid looked back, worried. Her golden wings spread wide, and she launched into flight, diving into the mist. She pierced through the magnetic field of that bomb, ready to explode. ?Devour, Devour, Devour? The crazed howls of the specters echoed all around, eager and malicious, gathering to descend on the new continent.
They had smelled the magic - powerful and corrupt... just the way they liked it. Amid the chaos of storms, lightning, and twisted shadows laughing and screaming, stood the figure of a man. 
###Chapter 1206
---- His face hidden behind a cadaverous specter mask, black armor covering his body, and giant wings like two sharp hooks stretched from his back. Sigrid could feel the full extent of his fury. Someone had threatened his pup, and Silas might seem cold, but not when it came to his family. No one touched his kids or his mate. "My love, calm down," the glowing arms of the Selenia wrapped around him.
Her golden wings fluttered in the madness, hugging him tight as she caressed his heart with her gentle magic. "Silas, Nyx is okay, I saw her. She said there are good people with her. Please stop this... stop." Black eyes opened beneath the mask, locking onto the silver-gray ones of his mate. Lucidity cut through the rage of Umbros. This wasn't just Silas anymore - to reach the man ---- inside, one had to get through the layers of darkness in that spectral being.
Only Sigrid could tame him in this state. But this time, his rage was too great. "Her magical soul screamed at mine... She's sad and angry' dominance. -his hoarse, monstrous voice boomed with "I will NOT stop! How dare they hurt my pup?!" "SILAS, SNAP OUT OF IT! Damn it!" -Sigrid held him, her body glowing with all her power. Electric golden rays surged through him. Silas clutched her to his chest, pulling her into the madness; this time, not even love would make him back down.
When his daughter spilled her blood on the stone and Drakkar felt the link, showing them the path to the portal, Silas only needed a second to tear through time and space. ---- The scent of her tears, her pain, her shame - everything synchronized between his heart and his daughter's. There was no forgiveness! He would strike first, and ask questions later. "Mom, Yaya, protect Nyx's allies!
Silas isn't going to stop!" Nyx tried to soothe his mind, sweetening his thoughts, but she knew she could only dull the impact. 1 eee On the other side of the portal, Lavinia and Laziel were stabilizing the passage for the others. Aldric moved forward, Azarot in his towering lycan form right behind, followed by more backup, but his grandson stopped him. "Grandpa, wait. You can't cross yet. Dad... he's out of control." Laziel's eyes opened, golden and black blending together.
---- Seated in the middle of a powerful rune circle, across from him several meters away, Lavinia activated her own arcane energy. "What the hell is that eccentric doing now? The pretty boy just loves attention," Aldric muttered, annoyed. "What's going on?" Zarek's cold voice sounded behind him. 
###Chapter 1207
---- 147. WHO DARED TO MAKE YOU SUFFER? NARRATOR This time, Zarek would personally go in search of any sign of his daughter. "The Spectral King having an existential crisis," the lycan twins chuckled under their breath at their father's venomous words. Whatever Silas did was always wrong in his eyes. "Well, he better leave some for me.
I came to have fun, not to watch him wipe out every enemy in one shot," the huge redheaded twin, Fenrir, cracked his neck while resting a massive double-edged axe on his shoulder. Behind him, Beof and Quinn popped his knuckles. Their warrior spirits were definitely switched on. The serious Magnus, the other lycan prince, stared through the dark, unstable portal. He hated all that magic stuff. They weren't like their sister Sigrid. ---- Why the hell couldn't they just jump through a normal hole?
Another one who was about to dive in was Drakkar. His chest pounded like crazy, desperately drawn to that frozen magic. With Lyra safe and staying behind at the palace, he could unleash his wild, bloodthirsty side. But that thirst for blood would get stuck in their throats. When the massive sphere of spectral energy was launched with a chaotic BOOMMM over the lands of the beastmen continent... most of those fleeing through the forest were massacred.
"AAAHHH!" - the screams of agony echoed everywhere. The humanoid ghosts, taking on bizarre shapes of giant animals, emerged from the black mist that spread across the scorched land. They moved or dragged themselves across the devastated forest, bare and with trees ripped up by the ---- roots. The animals ran in total panic, choking on the smoke of malevolence. What Sigrid saw from the skies, looking down at the ground, was simply... a holocaust.
And Silas wasn't backing down feo Where people had survived around Nyx... "Aaahh! What the...?" - the scream of a Centuria woman made everyone's heart skip a beat. They all admitted it - fear could be smelled in the air. They were sheltered under a roof shining with intense gold and white, linked with the magic of the winter men, who had reacted at the last second. They had all run to Nyx's side, including some of the smarter enemies who realized they wouldn't survive by fleeing into the forest. 
###Chapter 1208
---- The Selenias had cast their magic to protect against Silas's spell, but what that Centuria saw beneath her foot, almost stepping into the void as she stepped back, made her blood run cold. Hundreds of them were standing on a patch of earthy ground, but surrounding them was a deep crater where the bodies of enemies had fallen into the abyss. For miles, where that hate had hit, nothing was left-just aravine that seemed to have no end. If the power of those women hadn't shielded them...
they would all be dead. Alpha King Cedrick took the hand of his mate, Queen Raven. They looked at each other in silence and then turned to the two women standing beside Nyx. A few meters ahead, the three dark-haired women stood tall... the blood relation was obvious. Their bodies glowed with powerful golden armor, their ---- hair flowing in the violent wind gusts.
Their hands above their heads held up the solid shield, which trembled with tremendous force as it was shaken by the spectral impact. In their hearts, Cedrick and Raven were screaming the same thing in silence. They thought they were powerful... but what kind of monstrous beings were Nyx's family?! The fire wolves were restless, and the winter men were raising their hands, releasing magic to help. Aidan stood at Nyx's side, offering the strongest support.
But something told him that even without reinforcing the barrier with ice... nothing could hurt those three Selenias. They were amazing. The shield vanished the moment the threat was gone, but the sky remained drowned in darkness, filled with ---- evil voices and laughter. "SIGRID, GET THAT FUCKING PSYCHOPATH UNDER CONTROL OR I'LL KICK BOTH YOUR ASSES!" In the middle of all the death and solemnity, the tiny woman to Nyx's right roared up at the sky.
Her voice seemed to pierce the clouds, and the frantic howls began to calm, fading into silence. Cedrick twisted his mouth - why did she look so much like his Raven when she was pissed off? Looks like they'd already figured out who really wore the pants in that titan family. The portal through the moon was starting to stabilize. Valeria huffed angrily, looking at the destruction around her. Basically, Silas had created an island with them trapped in the middle of nowhere.
"These men are so damn stubborn..." - she muttered, rolling her eyes. "Mima!" - Nyx threw her arms around her neck and ---- hugged her tightly like a hurt little girl. Valeria stroked her hair with gentle pats, soothing her anxious heart. They had been so worried about her. "My little Selenia, forgive us for getting here late... Now tell your grandma, who dared to make you suffer?" Suddenly, for some unknown reason, Aidan's heart skipped a beat. 
###Chapter 1209
---- 148. THE SLUMBER PARTY IS JUST BEGINNING NARRATOR Valeria pulled her close, locking eyes with Gabrielle, whose gaze was full of relief. Everyone felt Nyx's anguished cry. It wasn't like when they opened the portal for Lyra and Laziel, who looked more like they were on a romantic getaway than in danger. Valeria narrowed her pupils at the man standing near her granddaughter. He was a powerful Alpha, she could feel it, and those electric blue eyes wouldn't leave Nyx.
Had that male made her little descendant cry? Sweat ran down Aidan's back under the scrutiny of the two women, because Gabrielle was also scanning him like an X-ray. Raven and Cedrick even stepped closer to their pup. ---- Amber held Vincent's hand as they approached the family support. The tension was thick in the air. Everyone glanced around, wondering when a bloody war between continents had turned into a family drama. 
"Grandma, he didn't..." Nyx immediately tightened her grip on Valeria's hands to explain, but reality hit her hard -this fight wasn't over yet. "The sorcerers are getting away!"-a shout from the rear brought the urgency crashing back. hee Edmund was a leader, and he hadn't earned that position just because of his magic, but also for his cunning. The moment he felt that overwhelming surge of magic pouring from the sky, he knew it didn't matter where he ran-he wouldn't escape.
His senses picked up on King Cedrick's people and ---- their allies moving toward that damned Selenia's position, so amid the chaos and shadows, he did the same. Lisa heard her father's command while she was running into the grove. Her heart, terrified and conflicted. Her entire family was dead. Now only Edmund remained. But Lisa hesitated at the last second. The awful things she had done were all for her sister.
However, she had seen all the darkness Isabella had drawn out from the Sorcerer King's heart. Her father had deceived her too, manipulating her love for her sister. She didn't know he had handed over control of Isa's body to that stranger! Edmund had told her he'd found a powerful spell to sustain Isa's last bit of vitality for a while-same as Aidan had done. "Lisa, come with me! Where the hell are you going?!" Edmund shouted when he saw her backing away ---- through the stampede. 
"lim not going anywhere with you... I just wanted to save Isa... You... you tricked me. She was right... You're disgusting," she said, tears welling in her eyes. She turned and fled into the forest, summoned all her healing magic, in close union with nature, and melted into the earth and the roots of the forest, hiding from Silas's wrath. "YOU'RE A TRAITOR JUST LIKE YOUR SISTER!" was the last enraged roar she heard from Edmund's voice.
Lisa closed her eyes and cried, curled beneath the grass that was slowly burning from the embers of destructive power. In a final moment, she heard the BOOM-and her consciousness vanished with the impact. But she survived. Only now, she no longer belonged in this world. Not after that vile betrayal. 
###Chapter 1210
---- And back to the present events. Seeing the attention shift to the arrival of those powerful women-who seemed to multiply like cockroaches-Edmund decided it was time to vanish. With the few surviving men from his clan, they silently summoned a bridge to carry them to the other side. His magic was nearly drained, and he didn't dare use it all up>-he sensed he'd need the best for the end. Running at breakneck speed, stones formed beneath their feet, floating in the air as they advanced.
The opposite bank looked so far away, beneath them a bottomless black abyss, and Edmund's pupils narrowed when he spotted shadows moving in the depths. In his whole life as a mage, he'd never witnessed so many horrifying things at once. The stench of blood filled the cold breeze, grotesque slurping noises, twisted laughter... the nightmare never ended. ---- "The sorcerers are escaping!" he heard the voice of a traitor who had spotted them, even though they'd masked their trail.
Their hearts trembled, robes flapping as they ran, drawing out arcane energy like shooting beams of light. Edmund decided to summon the speed of thunder-a burst of power that would get him the hell out of there. Three, two, one... BAAAM! eee "Cedrick, shouldn't we chase them?" Raven was already ready to summon her fire wolf. But her confused eyes went to Nyx's family, who looked weirdly unbothered by the enemy's escape.
"Don't worry, the kids got this," Raven's red eyes met Valeria's deep blue ones, drawn by her voice. Queen to Queen, they recognized each other. Raven and Cedrick silently wondered who these "kids" ---- were. "By the Goddess... what kind of transformation is that?" Cedrick's amazed voice made her look at him and lift her head to see what had stunned him. Something was falling from the skies. Whirlwinds of portals had opened everywhere.
Above the dirt bridge the sorcerers were running across, a colossal shadow rained down on them... the shadow of a lycan. BBOOOMMM! The lightning blast clashed head-on with the unbreakable metal of an axe that slammed in its path. The weapon was nearly two meters long, but in the hands of that massive beast, it looked almost small. Edmund was thrown back, as if he'd slammed into an unmovable wall. His body rolled down the narrow bridge, halting the followers behind him, all shaking with fear.
---- "Hey, hey! Were you trying to start the slumber party without me?" the mocking, cynical voice echoed in their minds, sinking their hearts. What the hell kind of monster with a wolf's head was that creature now? 
###Chapter 1211
---- 149. WHO IS YOUR FAVORITE UNCLE? NARRATOR "How the hell did he block my power?!" Edmund's bulging eyes seemed to scream as he stared at the weapon glowing with black and gold light. To begin with, what kind of axe was that? "I see you liked my little toy," said the reddish-furred lycan, standing to his full height, catching the Sorcerer King's attention. "It's a gift from my grandma. I'm her favorite grandson," Fenrir said, touching the blade almost fondly.
Edmund wanted to scream that he didn't give a damn about that information. "Oh, I see you don't appreciate my good manners. If you're in a rush to die, that's fine by me," Fenrir snorted at his eat-shit expression. "Introductions are over," Edmund stepped back, alarmed ---- by the twisted grin on that beast's snout. Despite the playful, laid-back tone, the air vibrated with danger. "Nyx, are these the bad guys?!" Fenrir even had the audacity to ask. Selenia almost smacked her uncle on the head.
It was clear he was having way too much fun. "Yup." "Yup' what? That sentence is missing some words, my darling Selenia." Fenrir aimed the axe forward, testing how the fight would begin, oozing fear of the unknown. Edmund and the sorcerers behind him were scared shitless... and he was just playing. "Grandma... I'm not saying that in front of everyone," Nyx looked at Valeria with pleading eyes. Her mate was right there!
---- "Fenrir, cut the crap, you're embarrassing the pup," Valeria scolded him seriously. Nyx widened her eyes at Queen Selenia, nearly crying without tears. ?Grandma, please don't call me a pup too! > She didn't even dare look at Aidan or his family from the shame. They'd think she was some spoiled little princess... which she totally was.
"Mommy, I just wanted the pup to say I'm her favorite and the cutest uncle...!" "Keep dreaming!!!" Magnus's booming voice echoed from above as he stepped through the portal suspended in nothingness. His impatient twin jumped in first without even knowing where they would end up. The massive lycan landed on Fenrir's shoulders for support, then launched forward with his jaws wide open. 
###Chapter 1212
---- No questions, just pure attack. "Damn it, Magnus, that's cheating!" the redhead roared as he moved too, but the bridge was narrow and trembled under his weight. Edmund summoned a thick bolt of lightning, charged with destructive power but blindingly bright. The explosion of light blinded Magnus's wolf eyes for a second. His killing blow missed and sank into the throat of a sorcerer behind Edmund.
Blood spilled down his neck as he ripped out the trachea with his teeth and lunged for the next. But everyone noticed one thing... Edmund vanished in the light blast. "He's in the pit. He hid in the shadows of the abyss," Zarek's voice echoed in their ears, and with his arrival on the continent, the undead emerged. From the same stone summoned in the bridge, hands ---- with poisoned claws grabbed the ankles of the sorcerers, who struggled against the advance of those death-hungry beasts.
The lycan twins fought in perfect sync in battle. With no way forward or back, Edmund's clan could only wait for death. "My army will capture him in the depths..." "No," Nyx said suddenly, seeing the figure appear, wrapped in thick black mist. Bat wings carried him through the air, calm and unshaken, radiating raw power. "Uncle Zarek, I'll take care of him," Nyx assured, meeting those blood-red eyes. That bastard was hers to finish. "We'll do it together," Aidan's cold voice came from nearby.
He extended his hand to the Selenia. ---- Nyx looked at him, hesitating just a second, then beyond -at the silent crowd where Isabella's body was supposed to be guarded. Obviously, there were still things to work out between her and Aidan... but for now, they were united by fate and a common enemy. She reached out and gripped the prince's cold, rough hand. They both had so much resentment against Edmund in their hearts. Neither of them could forgive what he did to Bella. "Good.
We'll seal the surface so he can't escape what he chose as his tomb," Zarek's pupils narrowed with hatred. Little did he know, Edmund had valuable information that interested him. But a rat had slipped through the net, and now the continent was being searched by specters and the ---- undead. That vampire wouldn't get far. Victoria's whereabouts would be revealed soon, but Zarek was definitely not ready for the indecent scene where he'd find his daughter. The dark vampire prince, after mocking Aldric so much, was about to experience firsthand what it felt like to have some cocky guy drooling over his baby girl. 
###Chapter 1213
---- 150. MY NEW IN-LAWS NARRATOR "Thank you, Uncle," Nyx said to Zarek, walking forward with Aidan, who also gave one last look to his parents. Cedrick nodded with a sigh, and although Raven was clearly worried, she could only agree in silence. Her sister Amber squeezed Vincent's hand. She felt drained-mentally and physically. Her belly and chest ached, and she thought it was from all the stress about her brother and the madness they'd just lived through.
But everyone understood Aidan needed to get that weight off his chest. Valeria glanced at her granddaughter's hand intertwined with that male's and looked at Gabrielle, who just raised a brow in response. Yeah... crystal clear. ---- Suddenly, a deafening roar shook the skies. Apparently, Silas wasn't as blinded by Sigrid as they thought.
And worse, just as Nyx and Aidan threw themselves off the edge to chase their enemy into the abyss, the family's jealous wreck with a master's degree in possessiveness showed up. 1 BOOOM! BOOOOM! Aldric landed hard in his lycan form, kicking up dust in front of his mate and Cedrick and Raven. The Alpha King wasn't scared, but deep in his manly soul, he had to admit that such a beastly transformation fired him up. Azarot's wild eyes sized him up with genuine interest.
From one strong male to another. The Alpha King's aura was hard to ignore. "Why did Nyx jump with some male into that darkness? ---- I'm going after her..." Aldric asked Valeria. "Wait, love. Calm down," Valeria stopped him with a sigh. "He's her mate, and don't... Shhh... Don't start, Aldric. We're in front of people who don't even know us." Valeria's thoughts came out between gritted teeth, cutting off what she knew would be a full-blown scene. Aldric snorted in annoyance.
Damn it, what were the odds all his girls found mates on this damn trip? His sweet little wolf Lyra, and now his baby Selenia too! That's why Silas had gone into meltdown mode. Now he was getting a taste of what it felt like to "lose" his daughters. + And that was without Aldric having inner magic... meaning he hadn't even felt the emotional panic from his little descendant. Conveniently, everyone forgot to mention that detail to the Lycan King. 
###Chapter 1214
---- Just as he was about to go full toxic-mode, he heard ---- voices in front of him. "Nyx''s family, I know this isn't the time or place, but we're Aidan's parents-your Selenia's mate," Cedrick said with an unshakable voice. Aldric shot him a hard stare again. Honestly, dealing with werewolves was more his style. And he didn't even know yet that Cedrick was just as obsessive and overprotective with his pup. They'd have so much to bitch about in the future.
"We're truly sorry for the bad impression you've gotten of our realm," Raven added, appealing to Valeria's motherly heart, "but that doesn't change the fact that Aidan is a good man and has deep feelings for Nyx." They were powerful and all that-but they weren't about to bow their heads in fear. Cedrick's eyes met Aldric's intense stare again. He could feel the pressure of that lycan bloodline trying to overpower him, but the giant white wolf stood his ---- ground.
He wasn't just any Alpha-he had winter magic in his veins. Aldric huffed, though deep down he actually liked finding a male that strong and brave... But still, the final word was his granddaughter's. And just to be clear-the new pretty boy was already starting off in the negative. + What the hell was it with his dark-haired girls always falling for these dramatic platinum types? Like mother, like daughter. "I'm wrapping you in magic. Shift to human.
Let's talk like decent people." With Valeria's words, he had no choice. In the end, there was no need to fight-his kids were having a blast playing with those poor guys on the bridge. It was like a damn cat-and-mouse game. ---- So with Selenia's magic, he shifted into a massive redhead with shoulder-length hair, dressed in black by his mate, ready to be "civilized" by his new in-laws. feet The poor mortals whispered among themselves.
Luckily, the giant specter among the clouds seemed to be slowly retreating. They just hoped it wouldn't fire off another suicidal blast. But what did keep raining down... were giant beasts. BAAAAM! Farther out, Drakkar landed, his thundering steps parting the crowd as he looked for the ice fragment.
However, the spell had fallen into the depths during Silas' earlier attack, and realizing that this wasn't a battle anymore, but a one-sided slaughter, he leapt off the cliff, following his instincts. ---- In this family of lunatics, everyone just did whatever the hell their dicks told them to do. And speaking of oversized dicks, the whole island nearly collapsed when Beof came down like a meteor. + 
###Chapter 1215
---- 151. A KING DOESN'T DIE BEGGING NARRATOR The Centurias beneath him quickly moved aside and pulled out their fire wolves to attack... just in case. Then they realized he was one of the good guys. He even apologized to them telepathically. Beof spotted the twins and ran toward them, shaking hearts as he went. "If I say I'ma little scared of the allies, would that make me a coward?" one of the Centurias murmured to the other two.
"If I admit I kinda feel bad for the enemies, would that be treason?" the second replied with a mocking question. The third one only thought: ?lf I confess I kind of peed myself thinking that beast was gonna crush me, would they let me go change my ---- panties 2 shee Gabrielle, meanwhile, noticed a portal opening randomly a little farther off. There came her love. "Daughter, we're heading back," she told Valeria, standing beside her. Cedrick and Aldric were knee-deep in an ego contest...
basically measuring who could piss farther, figuratively speaking. "In the end, you woke me from my nap for nothing," Gabrielle added, saying goodbye to the Centuria Queen. "Let's all have dinner at the palace soon to coordinate the bonding ceremony," she said to Raven, who smiled back respectfully. Aldric shot a hateful glare at the Selenia. That mother-in-law of his was a damn enabler. They should've left her wrapped up like a mummy. ---- Gabrielle couldn't care less.
She fixed her hair and walked like a goddess to greet her mate descending with a war-ready face. Valeria didn't know whether to laugh or cry. Her mother was a peculiar case indeed. eee "Sweetheart, this party's already dead. Let's go make love - that sounds way more fun." That was the message that popped into Quinn's mind just as he roared at the allies, who instinctively took a step back. Had he arrived too late?
He barely saw his gorgeous raven-haired beauty for a second before being dragged back to his realm. 1 eeeeed "UNCLE BEOF, YOU'RE GONNA BREAK THE MAGIC BRIDGE WITH YOUR WEIGHT!" ---- "GO TO HELL! WHAT, YOU WANT ME TO FLY LIKE A DAMN FAIRY?!" "UNCLE ZAREK, GET YOUR GIANT DEAD HANDS. UNDER THE ROCKS TO HOLD THEM UP!" The battle cries still echoed in Valeria's mind while she smiled at Raven, trying to keep a warm conversation going amid blood and dismemberment. 
###Chapter 1216
---- Meanwhile, the tragic lovers were falling in perfect sync, tracking Edmund's hidden magic through the dark. And on the other side of the portal, Laziel narrowed his eyes after noticing something curious. Lavinia remained beside him, focused on her spell. Her face reflected the silhouette of Electra's power. Laziel looked beyond, into the spectral shadows swirling inside the portal's vortex.
During his rage, his father had summoned even spirits ---- that rarely ever left their chaotic realm. One of them stood still, its focus locked on Lavinia, sitting in her glowing rune circle. The more powerful energy she summoned, the more she resembled his hired witch. "Mmm... so you know Electra." Laziel's golden eyes glowed as he stared at the specter shaped like a man. His features were hidden beneath the swirling black mist. Dark plans were forming in the Nocturne's mind. 
He was planning to steal that specter from Silas. Things were getting very, very interesting... eee Edmund considered diving into the natural elements, but by the Goddess, he could feel "living" things ready to rise from the depths of the earth. ---- How the hell was he supposed to escape all this? Then every one of his senses went into full alarm mode. Even with his heartbeat lowered to a minimum... someone had found him!
He'd burn the last of his power in a massive explosion, just like the one that monstrous wolf had ruined with his axe. He summoned lightning again, surging within him, powerful and destructive. His body crackled white as he shot upward at full speed, trying to reach the top of this endless abyss. Hopefully, he'd make it to the ruined forest. But halfway up... BAAAM! Edmund's spirit trembled, completely exhausted. His head was spinning - he'd crashed hard into something.
---- He opened his eyes, dazed, as he fell downward, the temperature dropping sharply around him. Icy winds whipped all around. It was that fucking bastard! All around him, walls of ice were building - a floor and ceiling sealed tight. His whole world was now frozen over, and the one in total control of this prison was, of course... Aidan Walker. Edmund had seen him cast this spell once before and knew there was no way out without killing him. No one had ever escaped it. 
This drained the prince's magic like crazy. If he was still wounded from that cheap shot back in the palace enchantment... Where the hell was all this power coming from? "Since you love locking people up, let's play by your rules." ---- Edmund landed on the frozen floor and looked ahead at the man born with insane magic, now blessed with a superpowered mate. Nyx glared at him with murder in her eyes. The Goddess definitely had her favorites.
"Alright, brats, show me your best shot!" he charged forward, a psycho grin on his face. His whole body sparked with lightning, and a deadly sword appeared in his hand. He knew this was the end, but a King doesn't die begging. 
###Chapter 1217
---- 152. JUSTICE FOR A BAD FATHER NARRATOR The fierce sound of battle echoed inside the ice prison. Edmund was under siege by two fighters, but his years of experience were not in vain. He had fought hundreds of battles, mastered the patience to wait for the right moment, a trait that defied the fiery recklessness of youth. White and golden sparks flared in the air. He dodged with lightning speed, his body vibrating as it shifted from one attack to another.
His lightning blade clashed against the powerful ice sword and the misty axe. Nyx and Aidan moved in perfect sync, as if they'd always fought together, their magical souls resonating as one-but nothing was faster than light. The Sorcerer King dodged the deadly traps hidden in ---- the ice. Icicles shot from the ceiling and floor, and the mirrored surface rippled like quicksand, ready to swallow him.
His feet could barely find solid ground-it was like watching a shooting star dart through the tight space. But he was burning through his life force with every move, and there was no way he could keep it up forever. He knew they were just wearing him down. In a blink, he appeared behind Nyx. She was the one healing the prince's internal wounds. If he could stop her... His hand moved at impossible speed, his sword shifting into a dagger aimed straight at the back of the Selenia's neck.
He was going to do it. So close-no one could dodge that. The tip sank in, and Edmund even savored the thrill of pierced flesh. ---- He could already smell the blood... but crimson never splattered across his face. His victorious expression turned to panic as Nyx's figure melted like black tar. It took just a second to realize that hadn't been the real Selenia. Nyx was safe, protected deep within the ice, controlling the puppet. They had tricked him!
They were waiting for him to strike and let his guard down! "I told you, in this realm, I hold absolute control!" Aidan's roar sent a shiver down his spine-he only had time to see the flash of ice coming straight at him, passing through the fake Nyx as she dissolved into dark mist. The prince's savage face and deadly aura descended on him like a death sentence. 
###Chapter 1218
---- Edmund reacted on instinct, summoning all his life ---- force at the risk of exploding like a supernova. Lightning cords burst from inside his body, surging from every pore, wrapping him in a dangerous, spinning sphere. It looked impenetrable-who would dare put their hand in the middle of all that electricity? "Buaghh!" the mage spat blood, his body torn open with cuts. Where the ice pierced him, it didn't just wound-it corroded his flesh like a freezing poison.
Parts of Edmund's joints and limbs began to freeze solid. "Damn Aidan and his bitch!..." he roared, blonde hair limp over his blood- and sweat-streaked face. He, who had always been untouchable, superior since birth... How could he fall to these two brats?! It was all that woman's fault. She was the one feeding Aidan her power! ---- "I need to get out of here... find a breach..." Edmund's mind raced frantically. In this frozen realm of frost and blizzards, there wasn't a single inch of escape.
Suddenly, he felt a disturbance within the storm vortex around him. "No, no, no, no way! It can't be possi-Aaaggr!" His wild screams were cut off by a giant frozen hand crashing through the lightning storm. Unafraid of the electrical lash or the Sorcerer King's deadly energy. The thick hand, covered in fur like strands of frost, clawed deep into Edmund's neck and yanked him out of his protective bubble.
His legs dangled as he struggled to break free from the grip tightening around his throat, his eyes nearly bulging out of their sockets. Terrified, Edmund locked eyes with the beast. ---- Theo and Vlad had evolved-a higher form. By fully resonating with their magical twin soul, they'd climbed another step toward the peak of power. A towering three-meter lycan, exhaling cold steam, his frozen, translucent skin glowing with beautiful ice magic.
He opened his jaws and roared savagely at Edmund, who thought his head would be ripped clean off. He was afraid. Terrified like never before, and his trembling body dangling in the air gave him away. The lycan's glowing blue eyes pierced his mind like needles stabbing into his brain. "If you're afraid of dying, then relax..." Suddenly, Edmund looked up. He could barely breathe, his vision was blurring, but he knew exactly who was speaking. It was her.
That damn woman who tilted the balance of power across continents. ---- Nyx stood in mid-air, her black dress calmly flowing, surrounded by misty clouds that began to flood the place with ghostly darkness. Her eyes stared at him with pure hatred and disgust. "I'll make sure you know what it's like to be trapped inside a body you can't control. To die... every second of it" As she spoke her words full of mockery and malice, golden sparks awakened inside the fog. "You... you... trai... gghhh!" Edmund couldn't even finish his insult. 
###Chapter 1219
---- 153. EVOLUTION OF WOLVES NARRATOR In a single move, icy claws slashed across his throat, cutting deep, almost ripping away his very life. Blood splattered onto the white surface, staining it crimson. But the ice quickly formed a layer to stop him from bleeding out-his vocal cords, however, were completely destroyed. "Don't be mad, my mate... we'll have an eternity to tear him apart, piece by piece," Nyx declared, unleashing the killer instinct hidden in every Selenia.
That twisted smile on her beautiful face carried the eerie madness of her father. She raised her hand and flicked her fingers, activating powerful runes that summoned fifty swords of light. They appeared from within the shadows, forming a circle and glowing fiercely. ---- Their sharp tips aimed at Edmund like a death crown, and he could already feel the blades slicing through every part of his flesh. 
"Feel just a fraction of the pain your daughter endured when you used her like a lifeless corpse!" Nyx shouted as she activated the spell and brought her hand down. The execution order had been given. With a feral roar, the walls trembled. Aidan lifted him high, strangled in the grip of his hand, holding him up like a sacrifice for all the swords that came down in justice upon Edmund. He couldn't even scream, couldn't beg, much less curse.
All his hatred remained trapped inside, as he began to experience what the rest of his existence would be like- powerless, completely out of control. Mystical sparks gleamed in his pupils as the tip of one sword pierced through his eye, blinding him. ---- A blinding light burst inside the ice prison, now soaked in deep crimson. Walls, ceiling, floor. The smell of blood seeped through, exciting the specters who howled in pure malice.
This was not the end of the man once called the Sorcerer King... it was just the beginning of his torment. "DAMN YOU, DAMN YOU! Aidan Walker, I should've killed you the moment you took my daughter to her death!" Curses like that echoed for millennia, but never, not once, was his voice heard beyond the prison his body had become. edb In the depths of the canyon, Drakkar ran in the opposite direction of the strange frozen structure. 
He was tracking the corrupt magic tied to the power that screamed at his soul. ---- Above his head floated the twisted visions of Lyra's father. Well... now he had to call him "father-in-law." Drakkar was desperate to finish this and get back. With luck, he'd gather all that damn power and finally be free to chase after his woman. "I feel it close," his wolf sniffed the air. Drakkar leapt wildly onto a mound of dirt to witness a scene that would chill anyone to the bone.
He was sure the fragment of the spell was down there, but how the hell was he supposed to break through layer after layer of specters swarming around the ice, trying to dig in and steal that energy? They looked like a pack of ravenous hyenas ready to rip and devour-but Drakkar couldn't let them steal that magic. He needed it! 
###Chapter 1220
---- So with a furious roar, he launched himself at them, charging through the underground cracks left by Silas' attack. The ghostly faces turned toward him without much fear. Even if they recognized Lyra's scent on him, that wasn't enough to stop them. BOOM! His massive body plowed through. Soon his war form, dripping with rage, was surrounded by cackles and shrieks, by claws and blows aiming to tear away all the power within him.
He had to prove himself stronger to claim the spell trapped in the ice. Specters couldn't just be controlled. They only submitted and obeyed if you proved yourself powerful enough. Every day, Silas-and even Laziel, who summoned these ---- creatures from his own magic-fought within themselves for dominance. What was Drakkar's light? The anchor that would pull him out of all the evil and hatred buried in those tortured souls. "AAAGGGRRR"" he roared, shaking the heavens.
"YOU'RE NOT TAKING ME FROM MY LYRA!" He crashed down like a beast on the crystal that trembled and quaked beneath him. It was a ticking time bomb that finally went off. BOOOM! The power inside him, along with the magic of the heart sealed within Drakkar, burst out of his body. They collided and merged in mid-air. An explosion of elemental power-godly magic, a gift that had long been misused.
---- The specters screamed and scattered, fleeing the green glow that surged from the canyon's depths and rose to cloak the werewolves like a mantle. Evolution. Pure evolution for the strongest beasts- those just one step away, needing only the final push. Alpha King Cedrick fell to the ground clutching his chest, every vein throbbing like they were about to explode. The pain was unbearable, blood gushed from his mouth, and the energy surged uncontrollably through his soul.
If he couldn't master it and reach the next stage... death was all that awaited him. "CEDRICK" Raven tried to touch him, but the shockwave knocked her back. "VINCENT!" her daughter cried out near her, panic rising. All around them, names were being shouted as the power of this continent climbed one more step up the ---- pyramid of true strength. 
###Chapter 1221
---- 154. INNOCENCE AND SEDUCTION NARRATOR With a puff, Aidan let out a stream of white smoke from his mouth. It had been incredible when Nyx and he tried merging their magical souls without holding back. That powerful energy healed his wounds and gave him so much strength he felt invincible. His heart was finally free from restraints, and he had dropped all his walls in front of his Selenia.
"I'll carry everything, don't get your hands dirty with that scum," Aidan told her when he saw her picking up one of the arms of that bastard Edmund. Surrounded by a block of ice, the torso, head, and the rest of the limbs were cruelly ripped apart and in pieces. "Aidan, I told you not to mess up his face so much..." Nyx muttered with regret, staring through the ice where Edmund's eyes were frozen in place, still looking at her.
---- "Uncle Zarek's magic sucks when it comes to reconstructing faces," she added like she was talking about a lifeless doll. "Nyx, I... I want to use that same forbidden technique on another body," Aidan said seriously. He had spent centuries with that man in the dungeons, keeping him alive with freezing magic, ripping off piece by piece every chunk of flesh and every shred of sanity... he would never forgive what he did to Bella. But that corpse wouldn't last forever. He'd tortured him so.
badly there wasn't even a full heart left inside. "He's the one who hurt Isabella, right?" Nyx stood up and stared at him. Aidan only nodded. "Don't worry, I'll find the most forbidden, wicked spell for both of them. What do you think about trapping that lycan inside Edmund's mind-or the other way around?" she offered with a wicked glint in her eyes. Aidan raised an eyebrow.
---- He could never forget he had to be really sweet to his wife- because this little Selenia got way too creative with revenge. "We'll do whatever you want," he sighed, in the darkness of the ravine, far from the madness happening everywhere else. He couldn't hold it in any longer. He stepped forward and pulled her into his arms with strength and possessiveness.
"Thank you," he said in a husky voice, burying his nose into her soft hair, stroking her waist with one hand and lifting her chin with the other. Nyx's face was right in front of his, half-covered in shadows, but he could see her clearly. Those bright blue eyes shimmered like beautiful stars; she was absolutely perfect. "Thanks for putting up with me, for understanding, for waiting..." the Selenia's eyes turned red at his words. "You didn't do anything wrong, my love..." Aidan added, gently caressing her porcelain cheek, and those thick, intensely pink lips. 
###Chapter 1222
---- "I wanted you... even when she was still here..." Nyx whispered, wanting to look away, ashamed of her own feelings. "I wanted you too, Nyx. From the first second I saw you, my soul split in two," Aidan opened up, whispering with deep emotion. "I made terrible choices, out of guilt and selfishness. But from now on, I'll do everything right... with you, my mate. I'll get it all right..." With that promise for the future, the Winter Prince leaned down to kiss his little woman's lips.
His tongue brushed softly against hers and slipped into the moan escaping her mouth. He devoured her warm mouth with wild desire, letting out every feeling he had buried deep inside for her. They weren't forbidden anymore, nothing was wrong anymore... Nyx's hands tangled in his neck, standing on tiptoe, her chest pressed to his hard torso, the passion blazing ---- between them. Aidan's rough hands went down to her ass, squeezing her against him, burning to claim her, to mark her.
"Mnnn," Nyx moaned when he lifted her up into his arms. She wrapped her legs around his waist and let him kiss her lips, wet and hungry. She could feel her male's arousal rising, and she herself melted under the assault of his tongue... but they both knew this wasn't the time or the place. Panting, they pulled apart just to breathe, still touching, hugging, loving. Aidan got lost in the smile of that intoxicating mouth.
Goddess, she was so beautiful, a mix of pure innocence and sinful seduction. The image of her under him, moaning in ecstasy, taking every thrust in that tight, virgin pussy started to flood his mind. "Shit, we better head to the surface," he coughed, trying to fight off his wolves' instincts. ---- He set the tiny Selenia down-she barely reached his chest- and noticed how she was staring at his bulge.
"If you keep staring at it like that, I won't be able to calm it down, and I don't think your dad would be too thrilled to see me show up with a hard-on," he whispered in her ear, feeling the heat of her lobe under the brush of his lips. ?And you haven't even seen my grandpa yet? Nyx thought with a headache, already dreading what was coming. Still, she knew her family just wanted to protect her, and that made her feel warm inside.
She felt bad for her mate, but he'd have to brawl like a savage with her grandfather-and possibly her dad too. Aidan walked away, unaware of what was waiting for him. But for his Selenia's world, he was willing to face it all. He picked up Edmund's remains, but suddenly, his chest pulsed with force, and a streak of bluish light burst out. 
###Chapter 1223
---- 155. WHAT TO CALL MY FEMALE? NARRATOR Aidan twisted his mouth and snorted. "Damn it, Theo, I wanna touch my female too!" Vlad roared inside Aidan, but the little winter wolf didn't pay him any mind. His excited little eyes were staring at his love, standing in front of him. "Nyx... no, no..." he lowered his head, seriously thinking about how to call her. Usually, he only spoke to Aidan and expressed his feelings through thoughts. 
Vlad was the one who had shared more with Isabella, but now he also wanted to be romantic and win over his female. Nyx stood in front of him, her hand itching to pet his head, with icy energy floating around like fur. Theo was so cute. And she liked Vlad too. ---- "Babe?..." he called her, tilting his head slightly, not too sure. That's what females liked, right? 1 Aidan huffed beside them, and Nyx covered her mouth to hide her smile.
"Yes, my mate," the Selenia said as she stroked his snout with her fingers. Her energy rushed forward to connect with Theo's, golden sparks merging with bluish white ones. "Did I do good? Did you see how huge and strong I made Vlad?!" Theo finally asked for the praise he wanted so badly. Aidan and Vlad were dumbfounded So basically... it sounded like they didn't do a damn thing in the lycan evolution. "It's MY body that took all the pain, damn it! You injected all that magic without mercy, and now YOU want cuddles from my female!" Vlad roared furiously, forcing Aidan to shift. 
###Chapter 1224
---- The prince frowned, realizing that this time, the fight for Nyx's attention was going to be way worse. Bitter on the sidelines, they watched her hug Theo's neck and even kiss him. "Theo is a good little wolf, just like Vlad," Nyx whispered, sinking into a mix of cold and love. His wet tongue slid over her neck. Her hands stroked his back. Theo's intense, half-lidded eyes stared at her back, where Aidan was approaching, ready to call him back. "I was the first to recognize her. She's mine.
So deal with it," he said smugly. "You're getting a bit too bold, Theo. Better go back to the quiet version who didn't even talk," Aidan muttered through gritted teeth, pushing him back into his inner world. But as always, his winter wolf was a rebel-and now a wild, lovesick one-which made it even worse. However, something interrupted their peaceful moment. ---- A monstrous roar, followed by chilling screeches, echoed from another part of the canyon.
The soft pink atmosphere shattered in an instant. A wave of powerful magic came rushing toward them. "Theo, defense!" Aidan ordered, and within seconds, the Selenia and he were shielded behind a wall of ice. Green blasts of energy flew past the icy wall, but despite the protection, Aidan felt the disturbance in his wolf, Vlad. It was the same rush of adrenaline he'd felt the first time he shifted into that superior beast.
However, despite his noble heart, he had already completed his evolution, and the magic moved past him. "We have to go there! Something's happening!" Nyx shouted urgently. Aidan summoned the chains of ice, tying them to the blocks, and carried the pieces of Edmund's body. Huge wings emerged from mist and frost, his feet lifted from the ground, and their shadows darted away like a ---- breath. In amoment, they reached the other side of the canyon- and what they saw was too savage to process.
Drakkar's war form was massive; it had grown even more as the energy surged into his body. But the violence was etched in his beastly features. The crystal had shattered during his fight with the specters, and unlike before, the absorption wasn't peaceful. The specters, still terrified of the wild aura surrounding that creature, were flinging themselves at it suicidally, trying to snatch a piece of the energy leaking into the air.
Above all, they were drawn to the black cloud of corrupted power that had poisoned the heart. "It's the malevolence of that damn lycan!" Aidan exclaimed as memories flooded his mind. He thought he was reliving that nightmare-that it was the embodiment of pure evil. "DON'T GO NEAR HIM, NYX!" he shouted to his Selenia, trying to shield her behind his back. 
###Chapter 1225
---- 156. FIGHTING ON TWO FRONTS NARRATOR He wouldn't let them take his woman away again! BAM! BAM! Drakkar started slamming the walls in fury, making the ground shake. His hands clutched at his head, where claw marks dug deep, bloody trenches into his skin. He looked in pain, tormented by ghosts of the past. Nyx was confused. Where did this lyean come from? She didn't know the details of her sister's bond. She hadn't even had time to talk much. "NYX, WE HAVE TO STOP HIM!
HE'S LYRA'S MATE!" Valeria's voice suddenly echoed from above, accompanied by the beating of ravens' wings. Nyx understood the gravity of the situation. ---- "My love, he's good. We need to help him. Aidan, help us!" Aidan was in denial, but when he looked into those pleading blue eyes, he chose to believe once again. It had taken him so much effort to fragment that power. If it hadn't been stained by evil, maybe he never would've succeeded.
But this time he was stronger and had something too precious to protect again. "What can I do... my love?" he asked, full of determination. He would never fail his mate again. sek ?GRROOARRR!? Drakkar's roar made every stone tremble. It echoed through the pit and reached the top, blending with other howls of pain and the cries of desperate females. Because evolution hurt, and only the strongest made it to the top.
---- Alpha Cedrick fell to the ground on all fours like a beast; claws tore through his fingertips, piercing the hardened earth. His body was a fusion of fur, muscle, and human form. He raised his head, pupils glowing blood-red. "Cedrick!" "Don't go near him, Centuria Queen!" Aldric shouted, calling his sons and Beof for support. "What's happening to them?!" Amber, Aidan's sister and daughter of the Centuria Queen, was also being held back from approaching her mate.
"They're fighting to evolve," Aldric said, half-convinced. This wasn't common, but it was possible for extremely powerful Alphas to ascend to lycans. Only those blessed by the Goddess-though this time, he assumed the cause was the explosion of power from that Heart. "HAKONI" another shout rang out nearby. 
###Chapter 1226
---- Apparently, the Alpha of the swamp pack was transforming too. Everyone turned to see Hakon vomiting blood on the ground, half-shifted, his body struggling to absorb all the magic in the air. "Everyone back!" Aldric roared, seeing the savagery taking over King Alpha Cedrick's eyes. If his wolf lost control, he could attack anyone-even his mate-without recognizing her. "Tell me how we can help them!
WE'RE STRONG TOO!" Raven cried in desperation, grabbing him by the collar, her hands shaking with anxiety. The ground trembled again beneath them. Aldric had to trust that Valeria would take care of whatever was happening down below. "Surround them with fire, don't let them escape!" he told Raven, leaping forward-and crashing headfirst into Vincent's attack. "Vincent, don't fight him! He's an ally!" Princess Amber's ---- voice cracked, her throat tight.
"They won't recognize anyone!" Aldric roared, shifting instantly into his beast form, releasing the full force of his Lycan King aura. "Beof, Magnus, Fenrir-stop wasting time and help me contain them! We need to make them burn off the excess energy!" He growled at the massive lycans who charged forward at full speed. Aldric could feel it-the power unleashed all at once was overwhelming-they had to force the others to forge themselves through battle.
"Centurias, with me!" the Centuria Queen cried, summoning a massive Alpha wolf made of blazing fire that burst into embers of burning light. All the red-haired women channeled their magic, boosting the Centuria energy, painting the dark moon in crimson. Through the veil of smoke and flames, three giant beasts leaped into the chaos to face the rampaging wolves charging at Aldric. ---- The battle had begun. One where there would be no casualties-only victors.
soe The Winter men used their magic to build bridges connecting them to the other land. King Alpha Cedrick's army retreated quickly so as not to interfere in the titans' battle. Holy Goddess... it felt like the night would never end. Aron, the Winter men's Druid, led his people out of danger, but then he sensed a disturbance above. His pupils narrowed toward the sky, where the mist was thinning, and that monstrous face had vanished from their continent.
However, the rift between worlds remained open, like a black, bottomless eye that judged from the heavens. Just like the eyes of the man now descending, arms wrapped around the waist of his Selenia. ---- Aron only saw a golden flash mixed with black, falling like a shooting star, vanishing into the bottom of the ravine- where an explosion of golden light eclipsed the darkness. 
###Chapter 1227
---- 157. AN ELUSIVE VAMPIRE NARRATOR Spectral shrieks echoed from the bare forest, where trees had been ripped from their roots. The people who had crossed over were afraid that those creepy things might attack them. But the shapeless figures, the tall humanoid shadows, the weird creatures crawling or walking on hundreds of legs, didn't even glance their way.
They were all rushing toward the ravine, and even though you couldn't see their faces, anyone would swear their expressions were of fear... no, not fear... more like... pure terror. Their master had arrived-and he was in a very bad mood. pores While Aldric and his lycans fought and helped others evolve, soaked in sweat and blood, reinforcements had arrived at the ravine. 
---- "Daughter, thank the Goddess you're safe, we were so worried about you," The first thing Sigrid and Silas did was wrap their arms around their little girl, holding her tight between them. "Mom, Dad, I'm sorry for worrying you," Nyx said, a lump choking her throat. Silas's murderous glare shot straight at the male standing nearby. Aidan didn't flinch under those golden and midnight eyes- instead, he met them head-on with courage. He had witnessed the immense power of this man...
still, no one would take him away from his female's side. They had been through too much to be together. "Dad, he didn't do anything to me, I need to explain "Family explanations later!" Valeria's voice boomed, backed by Drakkar's roars in the background, cutting short the emotional reunion. ---- "Silas, get your nasty specters the hell out of here already!" The Selenia Queen's patience was running thin.
"Watch out, he's coming toward us!" Sigrid warned as Drakkar, now free from the specters' assault, charged straight at them He was out of control, driven mad by the memories that had been unlocked in his mind through that fragment. As the pieces of the Heart came together, he got closer to the truth. BAM! A massive ice lycan slammed into him, trying to freeze him with winter magic. Their beastly hands clashed in a fight for control. "Let's make a suppression seal!
Just hold him for a moment, Aidan!" Valeria ordered. "I can control him with the specters..." "No more specters, Silas! Those things get way too greedy ---- when it comes to magic!" The family boss shouted while drawing runes on the ground. "My love, be good, okay?" Sigrid whispered to her mate, passing beside him and giving him a quick kiss on the cheek.
Silas didn't interfere further, but his intense gaze wandered between the winter lycan and his daughter, who was helping craft the Selenia seals. He walked into a dark corner, almost looking relaxed in the middle of all that chaos-but the darkness always growled inside him. He was a man who knew how to wait for the right moment. Someone would have to explain why his daughter looked sad-and that wolf had better give him a damn good reason. "Is this how Aldric felt with me?" he muttered silently.
"No one could ever compare me to that dumb lycan." Silas thought it was impossible to be like his father-in-law. the naive thoughts of a man who destroyed everything first- and asked questions later. 
###Chapter 1228
---- He sat with his back against the rocky wall, watching ---- through half-lidded eyes to make sure nothing threatened his family. If Lyra's mate tried to act tough, he could just turn him into a specter for his daughter. Arms crossed over his chest, he waited, summoning all the dark power he'd let roam across these lands. "Don't even think about it... or deal with the consequences," he muttered.
Anyone would think he was talking to himself- until hundreds of disturbing red eyes opened in the shadows behind him. If specters had saliva, it'd be dripping onto the ground. Such powerful magic, and all they could do was watch... how unfair. Would their master at least give them some of that delicious corrupted dark energy? But Drakkar didn't leave a single trace. Just like before, he purified it all and absorbed it into himself.
Now calmed by Selenia magic, Aidan jumped out of the glowing rune circle and stood behind his female to protect ---- her from any surprise threat. A certain Specter King, watching from the shadows, was evaluating his every move. So far, he was barely scraping by. The Selenic chants rose. In Lyra's absence, this was all they could do to help him. The idea had never been to release the spell here, but to take it to the continent it belonged to.
But the specters' interference had complicated everything. Grandmother, mother, and daughter sang into the beast's mind, soothing its nightmares-and the memories started taking shape inside Drakkar. sone Above, shouts of triumph could be heard, mixed with the roars of the newly awakened lycans. And far away, deep in the forest, a startled scream made birds take flight. ---- Zarek's eyes narrowed in that direction. One of his soldiers, patrolling for threats, had found a fleeing rat.
"Vampires here too?" he muttered, surprised, since he hadn't encountered anyone of his race until now. With Aldric taking control and Lyra's mate regaining his, there wasn't much left to do. So his body vanished into darkness, and a bat flew swiftly to track down that vampire. "Don't let him get away. I'll interrogate that man myself." Someone had to give him a clue about his daughter Victoria, and a gut feeling told him he was on the right path. * 
###Chapter 1229
---- 158. ETERNAL ALLIANCE NARRATOR Cedrick Walker never imagined he'd face such a harsh and decisive trial today. His consciousness was fading, his control over his body slipping away. He was losing the connection with his wolf, locked inside his own existence. But a constant challenge kept him going. It allowed him to burn that fierce, aggressive energy surging through his veins-the magic of a powerful beast. The urge to give in tempted him more and more.
To just surrender and rest, let himself fade into nothingness. "And you call yourself a King? You're nothing but a weakling!" "We'll take your woman so she can mate with one of our males!" "NO, NOT MY FEMALE!" he roared back in response to the taunts that filtered into his mind. ---- "My love, fight! Come back to me, Cedrick!" That was his mate's voice-his Raven. He couldn't give in. If he fell asleep now, he'd never wake up from this nightmare. 
He grabbed the thread of fate linking him to his wolf, and their hearts resonated as one, like a single being. "RRROOAAAARRR!" Lifting his snout to the sky, the Alpha King's massive beast roared out its power. He transformed into a snow-white lycan, with shining fur and ruby-red eyes. Two more beasts rose beside him, baring enormous fangs from their gums. One with black fur-Vincent, Princess Amber's mate. And another with golden-blond fur like the sun, with wild eyes-Hakon, the Swamp Alpha.
For the first time, Cedrick saw through this enhanced vision. He opened and closed his massive paws, claws gleaming with deadly sharpness. ---- The raw power pumped through his heart. He spotted the lycan standing before him-dark and lethal. "Welcome to my world, Cedrick Walker." Aldric reached out his forearm in a warrior's greeting. Cedrick grabbed it in a firm handshake. Both titans clasped hands in a pact that would last for eternity. "Aldric Thorne, thank you for your help.
I'll forever owe you for this. You'll always have an ally in my continent," he said with a deep, guttural voice, and Aldric nodded, locking eyes with him. He could see Cedrick's bravery, the respect and admiration he inspired in his people. He was a good leader, a strong family male, and Aldric had to admit, he respected that. "Cedrick!" After that brief moment between them, the Alpha King ran to his woman.
---- His steps pounded heavy against the ground, still adjusting to the bigger muscles and bones. "My love, I'm okay. Don't cry, my Queen. Everything's alright." With utmost care, he cradled the little Centuria against his chest, thick fur covering them both. Raven looked tiny in his arms, held gently by this massive lycan. Her red eyes glistened with tears, fists clinging to the soft fur, inhaling her mate's scent.
For a moment, the mark on her neck had burned so bad, she thought she'd lost him. "I know it was for the best, but I never want to feel that again -not for all the power in the world," her small hands caressed his grotesque-looking snout so close to her face. The black tip of his nose brushed her cheek gently, wiping away her tears. "Something this incredible only happens once in a lifetime, my Centuria. It only proves there's a whole universe beyond the little we know." 
###Chapter 1230
---- Cedrick answered by wrapping her in his love. Despite the danger, his warrior heart felt satisfied. Seeing Aldric and all his people, he realized something- they had to grow stronger. Because this time, it was allies who came to their land... but if they had been enemies, they'd all be dead. A few steps away, the other two lycans were also getting back up. "Hey, are you a Beta? I thought only strong Alphas could evolve," Fenrir looked at Vincent with curiosity, still kneeling. Damn!
That had hurt like hell, and he was already an expert at surviving disasters. "I've got a special kind of power-magic-devouring flowers," he explained with a groan, every joint cracking. "Looks like his inner power drained a lot of energy from the air, and that's why he also evolved into a lycan. That's insane," Magnun concluded. Honestly, this whole evolution thing was weird and ---- mysterious. Apparently, raw strength wasn't enough. Each of them had felt that magic enter their soul... 
judging them, testing them... "Vincent, you did it!" "Amber, my love." He caught the redhead as she threw herself into his arms, crying. She was pale as a ghost. Just a few steps away, the other lucky warrior in this madness, Swamp Alpha Hakon, was reuniting with three curvy, strong women. His female-the Beta Centuria-and their two daughters. One winter-born, the other heir to the Centurias. His three precious treasures who had fought at his side in this battle full of unexpected twists.
But amid the tears and joy, a worried roar rang out. "Amber! What's happening to you?!" "Daughter!" The princess had fainted in her mate's arms. She was sweating heavily, looking awful. Everyone assumed ---- it was the shock and fear of nearly losing him. "Take her to the Swamp Pack right away. Send the women and injured back. Only healthy warriors stay with me." Cedrick began giving orders. The war looked over on the surface, but he knew it wasn't.
One continent was left without leaders, and soon the other would be as well. Both the sorcerers and the beastmen had betrayed them. Raven looked back after crossing the ice bridge. Her heart was still heavy. Her eyes locked with her mate's intense gaze, but she knew she had to take command here. Her soul torn by worry-between her two sons and her King. "Let's move quickly, but carefully," she ordered, watching Vincent carry Amber. He was even trembling, poor guy.
His entire world was that woman. Raven walked beside the old woman who was her priestess. She had supported the Centurias during the battle. ---- Raven wanted to ask if she saw anything strange in Amber. Years had passed, and her daughter never got pregnant. Maybe this was another miracle... But Dalila said she needed to examine her more calmly, once they were safe back home. They also took Bella with them She would stay in the werewolf territory, a beautiful and radiant place.
soe Hidden among the few trees that had survived, the lion leader's pupils narrowed as he stared into the distance. He was so filled with hatred, his teeth ground together with fury. What now... now that that idiot Edmund had lost? 
###Chapter 1231
---- 159. THE BEAST AND THE MOON NARRATOR The King of the Beastmen had come with his army to support what, according to him, would be Edmund's. crushing victory. What a load of crap! Not only did that damn sorcerer lose, but his people exposed themselves as traitors and had locked up their Queen Zeraphina and all the lionesses. It was all the fault of those traitorous females who now marched away with Cedrick's army.
Looks like they made it out safely, despite him ordering them to be hunted down Even Alpha Drakmor was among them. How could he have lost such powerful magic?! And worse: the werewolves had evolved into a stronger kind of creature! ---- Why only them?! Weren't they beasts too? They arrived while that powerful energy was still floating in the air, but the lion leader felt an intense pain in his chest... and then nothing. The power passed over him and every other beastman that had come with him.
Why did the damn werewolves always get the best of everything?! Drakkar held the answers in his mind, where scattered and blurry memories began to come together. eee (DISCLAIMER: What follows is pure fiction. The mystical and world-creation themes here are made up, entirely from my imagination, and are not to be confused with reality. This is NOT meant to offend anyone's religious beliefs. Reminder: FICTION. NOT REAL.
MADE-UP BEINGS...) eee ?'I refuse to control the lives of the beings I create!" ---- A vibrant, wild voice echoed through a hall full of light, where silhouettes sat on tall thrones. You couldn't see any of their faces-only shapes surrounded by divine auras so intense, it was impossible to look at them directly. "You're always against everything, Beast God." "Nobody said control, only guiding a few choices for their own good!" the other deities said to him, but he stood his ground.
In fact, there was an old rule not to interfere directly in mortal lives, but most of them ignored it. "You love your creations too much. I bet anything they'd betray you if given the chance." One of the highest-ranking gods spoke arrogantly, seated on a golden throne surrounded by searing heat. "Then I accept your bet. I'll prove I don't need fear-driven worship from any of my creatures." The room erupted in murmurs, but in the end, they came to no agreement-at least not in front of everyone. 
###Chapter 1232
---- Descending to the mortal realms was strictly forbidden... But rules were made to be broken, right? The gigantic deity, who barely fit through the door, stormed out of the chamber, slamming it behind him. His footsteps thundered, his enormous body radiating beastly power with every breath. A glowing feminine shadow flashed beside him, her tiny legs dangling over his chest like hills. "Brother Lykahel... you shouldn't have accepted that shady bet," she whispered in an ethereal voice.
"I have a bad feeling about this. You know how sneaky Coa is... and Cyrion backing him is more than suspicious." He growled, exhaling thick steam from his nose. "I'm tired of watching them toy with mortal fate. I can't just sit back while they treat them like chess pieces." Selene smiled playfully. "You shouldn't interfere so much either. You've got too big a ---- heart for a cold, ruthless beast." She teased him.
He pointed at her with a claw glowing with aura, but seeing her spoiled and beautiful expression, he caved as always. "Selene... stop messing around. What are you scheming now?" She leaned into his ear, excited: "Father gave me anew continent... and I've got so many ideas! I'm inspired!" Her laughter danced in the air. "I want to create a fierce and deadly race... in your image! They'll be wild and noble like you, with wolf heads. "Selene, don't you dare!" he roared in disbelief.
"You're going to use my divine form for mortal creatures?!" "Didn't you say we were all equal?" she replied, dodging his claws with eyes sparkling like stars. The luminous trail of her dress left sparks in the air as she descended. ---- "I'll call them lycans, in your honor. I'll make them from those beautiful beasts you gifted me. Oh, look at my sweet Khalum!" The goddess focused on a huge wolf approaching them. Its fur looked like cotton, soft and silky, black and white.
But its fangs and fury were buried deep in those red eyes. Still, its huge tail wagged happily at its mistress's touch. Lykahel huffed, watching her pamper the creature. Out of all the beasts he had created to bring life to the realms, this creature called "wolf" was special. When he made it, the whimsical Moon fell in love with the first fluffy pup-now a giant. She said it reminded her too much of the Beast God himself.
No matter how many more he created on the mortal lands, they were all devoted to her. Out of all the animals, wolves were her favorite, and their loyalty belonged first and foremost to Selene. 
###Chapter 1233
---- She spoiled them so much that she asked her "Father" for the power to give them wisdom and "humanity" across the continents under her care. She played with her lands, experimenting with all sorts of madness. Khalum was the firstborn, the immortal one, blessed by the powers of both the Beast God and the Moon Goddess. "Khalum, help me create my lycans! I'll test my battle form with you; you'll look just like your grumpy creator!" she proposed, and he accepted immediately. 
Anything to make her happy. "If it works, then I can evolve my other powerful little wolves with kind hearts!" "Selene, don't you dare or I'll reveal you're planning to sneak off and mess with the elementals!" He growled, chasing her laughter. Riding on Khalum's back, she ran through the divine court among the clouds, dodging his fake rage. ---- Everything seemed like joy... but the bond between the Beast and the Moon began to crack the day he accepted that secret bet.
Lykahel didn't just break the rule of descending to a mortal continent-he also failed to see the trap forming behind his back. When his thundering feet touched the dry, desert land, he felt something he had never known before. What was this... running through his body? He had never felt pain in his life. A furious roar erupted into the skies. The sun blazed overhead. Ethereal lights swirled around him, chants of voices laced with restrictive spells...
All his divine power was stripped away at once. Punished. Betrayed. Tricked. In the blink of an eye, he went from being immortal and invincible... to flesh and blood-vulnerable and in danger. Cursing the heavens, he realized... he couldn't go back home. ---- And the creatures he'd bet everything on... weren't as noble as he'd believed? 
###Chapter 1234
---- 160. KHALUM'S SACRIFICE NARRATOR "Sing louder, it looks like he's in pain!" Valeria ordered her Selenias. Drakkar's massive body floated at the center of a fast- spinning circle of energy. His beastly roars carried a savage rage. Inside his mind, Drakkar kept receiving fragmented memories. ?Why did you do this to me?! Why?!" The Beast God roared in fury. But no... he couldn't even be called a Beast God anymore. 
Not only had they stripped him of his power, but his divine body had changed completely. His muscles withered, his wolf head turned less grotesque, his height shrank. Without his vision that pierced the world, without his ears that heard a drop fall from miles away... ---- They had turned him into a basic being, devoid of his supernatural energy... he was now an elemental mortal. Only one deity had the power to do something like this: his Creator.
Was he being punished for descending into the realm of mortals? Why such a harsh sentence if others had disobeyed too? Was this just a temporary punishment? Lykahel didn't even suspect the lies that had been spun against him. It didn't matter that the Moon Goddess and a few others stood by him-he was handed the harshest punishment. He lost his seat as Beast God... and his immortality. Wandering the very land he once watched from above, he found out things weren't so simple. Sure, some animals here were ones he created on a whim, but he had just tossed them into a sun-scorched continent, dry and almost foodless. 
###Chapter 1235
---- Bound by his rule not to intervene, only create, he realized he'd never lifted a finger to make life easier for his creations. Hidden in a cave, he sheltered from the freezing nights and predators. He tried to speak to them, to tell them he had molded them, that he deserved their respect... but all he got in return were claws and hungry fangs. Here, only the strong survived. These were beasts without " humanity," without feelings, without minds capable of reason.
Desperate, he tried everything. He had to hunt them to eat, drink from muddy puddles... until one day, it looked like the end. Lykahel finally understood after all the suffering: this wasn't temporary. It was forever. Cornered on the side of a mountain, several hyenas stared at him with greedy yellow eyes. He faced them with a sharpened branch in hand-if he had to die, it would be with courage. His heart was still that of a ---- god.
"Come at me, you ungrateful beasts!" he roared at them, filled with rage and sadness, though deep down, he knew they were just trying to survive... like him. They leapt at him, five against one... the outcome was easy to guess. But just as death was about to strike, a blur appeared in Lykahel's sight. A streak of white, silver, and black descended silently from the moon itself. BOOOM! A massive lycan shook the mountains as he landed.
He fought the five beasts, roaring his might, bursting with divine energy and driving them away. He howled to the starry sky, sending a message to the predators of this land: "I'm here now... and I am the protector of the Beast God." "Khalum?" Lykahel couldn't believe it-what was the Moon Goddess's favorite beast doing in this forsaken place? ---- And in his war form. Lykahel saw himself reflected in him, back when he was still powerful and invincible. "She secretly sent me to protect you.
I'll help you find a way back home," Khalum said in his deep, wolfish voice. The Beast God's heart was moved so deeply that, for the first time in his existence, he experienced tears. He and Khalum survived in that wild, hostile territory. The wolf hunted for him, kept him warm through the coldest nights, and was his companion in solitude. One night, while talking around the fire, Khalum asked him for an elemental soul of his own. "Sometimes you gods are too busy with your own stuff...
it's nice to have someone to talk to like this," he said, lying at the cave's entrance, his massive body nearly filling the whole space. "I couldn't create elemental mortals before, nor give wild wolves the gift of wisdom... and even less now..." Lykahel replied with sorrow. 
###Chapter 1236
---- "She'll find a way to return your divinity. You just need to explain yourself properly and apologize for your arrogance," Khalum said without hesitation. And the former Beast God, who would have once resisted, only lowered his head and nodded. He made a promise in his heart. If he ever ascended again, he'd ask his "Father" to create a noble and pure elemental soul to live within Khalum and be his eternal companion.
Just as the Moon Goddess ran her experiments, each crazier than the last across different continents, he would evolve his beasts too. He'd take the life of his animals seriously and develop them into a society. Khalum looked at him with melancholy through the flames and left that night to receive the divine message from the Goddess Selene. She had found a way to help the Beast God rise again-but it required a great sacrifice.
---- Another powerful supernatural being had to willingly give up their life force, in an act of pure kindness, from a heart untainted by evil. But who would give up everything for the grumpy fallen god? "No, no, Khalum, I won't accept it!" Lykahel protested when he found out. He knew too well what that meant for his friend. Khalum had become far too precious to him. "I'll do it whether you want it or not.
The choice is mine," he said firmly and waited for the night of the new moon, the start of a new cycle of rebirth. With Selene's help, even at risk of being punished herself, Khalum shone with waves of wild, nature-born power. Lykahel stood in the rune circle, each one lighting up on the hilltop. His tear-filled eyes watched the mighty wolf surrender his power, surrounded by the feminine chants whispered through the air.
Khalum was returning to him the ancient magic he had once ---- been gifted. And as the Beast God rose into the sky and crossed into the astral planes... he cried for the second time in his life. He would never forget the moment Khalum turned to stone .. and nothing remained of his vital essence.? 
###Chapter 1237
---- 161. AM I LOOKING LIKE MY FATHER-IN-LAW? NARRATOR ?Khalum slowly shrank into a huge, hardened stone, until he was completely still But whispers reached his sleeping mind. "I swear to you, noble wolf, I'll clear my name, and even if it takes me centuries, I'll gain the power for you to be reborn. I'll return the divinity you're giving me today and bring you home".? eee BOOM! Drakkar's body slammed against the ground, shaking the earth The runes around him went out.
His war-form lycan body slowly began turning back into a man. He lay there, naked in the darkness. His body still radiated ---- streaks of sparkling green magic. "Unbelievable that he can absorb that much power... you can still feel the pressure in the air," Sigrid said in awe. But before her eyes could really get a good look at the unconscious male, a broad chest stepped into her line of sight. The Selenia twisted her mouth in a small smirk.
She wasn't too keen on staring at her daughter's mate completely naked either. In front of Nyx, the huge ice lycan also moved to block her view. "I'll take him to the surface," Aidan offered. "No need. I'll handle it," Silas answered with his deep voice. "Silas, take him back to his realm right away. When he wakes up, he's definitely going to go looking for his mate in a frenzy," Valeria requested, and he nodded. Everyone could hear Drakkar whispering Lyra's name.
Honestly, it had been a terrible idea to leave her "safe" at the ---- castle. In the middle of the tense moment, a shadow loomed over Sigrid and Silas. "Nyx's parents... I know this isn't the time or place, but I'd like to formally introduce myself. I'm Aidan Walker, your daughter's mate." He said it while holding hands with his Selenia, who looked like a porcelain doll next to him. Nyx was nervous, avoiding her father's serious eyes. She could also feel her mate's heart pounding rapidly.
"You're right... it's not the time or place..." Silas gave hima not-so-friendly look. "Ahem, love, what did we talk about?" Sigrid whispered, squeezing his arm. "Aidan Walker, we'll have a family meeting with your parents later," Sigrid said "The only thing we ask is that, if Nyx chose you, you make her happy forever and protect our treasure." 
###Chapter 1238
---- 'Or I'll be the one to chop off your little sausage,' was the very clear message behind Sigrid's polite smile. The winter man got the message loud and clear and nodded. Sigrid looked into her daughter's pleading eyes. She wouldn't make things hard on the prince. He seemed like a good man, even though there were many things left to explain. "Prince Aidan, did you store the other fragment of that thing or do you know where it is?" Valeria asked.
"Lavinia saw in a vision that there were two." "Unfortunately, no," he answered, frowning with his intimidating snout. "I've tried to trace my magic from the ice spell, but I can't find it in these lands." Everyone fell silent for a moment, thinking... "Looks like our theory is correct-that Drakkar can only move between realms where there are fragments of the Heart," Valeria concluded the obvious. ---- Maybe if they took the final piece of magic to his realm, Drakkar could go with Lyra. 
But after what happened today, there were a lot of doubts. Maybe all this violent explosion happened because the " Heart" was more tame where it was created. "If we take Drakkar, maybe he won't be able to come back to explore anymore," Sigrid thought aloud. "You can leave him here as long as you need. You're also welcome at the royal palace," offered the massive lycan exuding icy mist. That's how they planned it: they would bring Lyra, and their wildling wouldn't return to the jungle just yet.
"I'll take him. Just point me in the direction," Silas said, looking at his new son-in-law. "I'm coming too!" Nyx said, a little too eager. "I'm not going to eat your mate... unless he gives me a reason to," Silas huffed inside the Selenia's nervous mind. "Thanks, daddy. It was all a misunderstanding!" she replied, ---- trying to mimic her sister Lyra's cutesy tone. Just look how fast Drakkar's mate had integrated him into. the family! "We're all going. I'll head up and check on Aldric.
This night's been way too long," Valeria said as a whirlwind of ravens surrounded her and lifted her through the mist to the surface. The ice lycan gently cradled his princess to his chest and jumped upward, digging his claws into the earth wall. He started climbing, shielding Nyx even though she could've done it herself just fine. "Wait," Silas stopped Sigrid as she was about to spread her wings to follow their daughter and Valeria.
In a breath, she was swept into the arms of her snowy- haired lover, pressed against his solid body, kissed deeply by those cold lips. "Silas, no, Drakkar's body is still lying there... poor guy." The Specter King couldn't care less. His tongue traced the softness of those lips he was dying to ---- bite. Ever since their children went missing, they'd lived in total agony. "My Lady, I've brought our pups back.
When we get home, I expect my reward," he whispered against her mouth, his magnetic tone bewitching Sigrid. "You're getting bolder every day, my beloved Silas," she smiled, in love with those golden eyes that only lit up for her. "Thank you for finding them," she caressed his cheek, and no more words were needed-their hearts were beating in perfect sync. Silas kissed her hand with devotion and let her go. But just as Sigrid rose with her magic, she heard a question from behind. "Do you think I'm starting to act like your father?" 2 
###Chapter 1239
---- 162. WHERE IS VICTORIA? NARRATOR "Pétl" Sigrid nearly burst out laughing. She turned to look at him with a conflicted glare. "Your reaction says it all," he replied thoughtfully. "How dare that lycan compare me to this savage and that icy one? I waited millennia for his daughter!" He turned around with a huff, walking toward Drakkar with such a foul mood that Sigrid thought he might grab him by the ear and throw him into the portal vortex.
He was already giving pet names to his sons-in-law, just like his father used to do with him. The birth of Aldric's disciple was happening right before his eyes. He rose into the heights, feeling the mist sweep through the ravine. At least the Lycan King would leave her alone for a while, now distracted with his granddaughters. But when she reached the top, she realized her father had ---- found a new pastime. "What's going on?
Where are they going now?" Sigrid asked, watching a stampede of beasts heading toward the barren forest. Two lionesses ran ahead of them. They looked excited, on the hunt -and that's exactly what it was. "Your father took off with his new friends to chase down some traitors," Valeria answered, raising an eyebrow and listening to her mate's message in her mind. Men. They loved to be fighting all the time.
"In this continent, other animals can shift just like werewolves," Nyx added, watching it all with wide eyes. So many new wonders to discover! Aidan watched from afar, having just learned that his father Cedrick, Beta Vincent, and Alpha Hakon had evolved into lycans. He was genuinely happy, because despite everything they'd been through, at least they were safe. Even Bella had finally found peace, and they had closed that painful, guilt-ridden chapter. ---- "Let's go to my realm.
I want your world and mine to become one," Aidan confessed under the Moon Goddess's blessing, earning approving glances from the women. But just as he crossed one of the ice bridges, a massive shadow waited on the other side-covered in scales and powerful muscles. The Winter Prince knew he had to fix things with Alpha Drakmor. Ignacio was family. "Pll take them to the swamp pack. I know the way to the cave, " Nyx offered kindly.
"Take your time to talk." She stroked the forearm of the huge beast, who leaned down to deeply inhale her scent. "Twon't take long," was his response as he stepped toward the creature he had seen born and grow up. That bond of brotherhood needed to be healed. seek The Selenias walked along, curiously observing everything, and bombarding Nyx with all kinds of nosy questions. "Hmm, from his scent, it doesn't seem like she's given up the peach yet." "Grandma!" Nyx's face turned every color imaginable. 
###Chapter 1240
---- What if her dad was listening to this mental conversation?! "Don't worry. He's talking to your brother," Sigrid reassured her. "Now tell me the truth, pup-why were you so upset?" It was time to talk, and Nyx lowered her head, beginning to confess. Behind them, Drakkar's body floated through the shadows, with Silas keeping guard. "Laziel, close that massive portal and let your sister Lyra know to bring everyone," the Specter King instructed his son.
"When I summon you, open the portal from your side. I'll wait until ''m ina safe location." "Yes, Dad," Laziel responded calmly through the layers of vortex and teleportation magic. He had already stolen the specter he wanted into his inner world. He glanced at Lavinia beside him, fully focused on her task; his golden eyes lit up with love. Their souls were deeply entwined. "My beloved Lavinia, I can't wait until we're alone in our world... 
so I can devour you completely." ---- sobs "Don't let him get away!" Cedrick roared, getting used to running in this spectacular new body. Faster, stronger, more agile-better hearing, vision, smell... everything! There was no way those lions and their ragtag army could escape back to their palace. Tonight, they were determined to cleanse the crown of the beast men. "Take down those rebels!" Aldric shouted, fired up.
No one had dared rebel against the crown in his realm for a long time, and honestly, he was getting bored. "Dad, leave some for the rest of us!" Fenrir growled at him, seeing how excited he was. "If you're gonna cry like a baby, go back to your mother!" Aldric crushed his spirit mercilessly over their shared bond. Laughter erupted instantly. "Daaad! Damn it!" Fenrir groaned. Magnun shaking his head as he listened to his twin's protests.
---- 'They were like drops of water physically, but once Fenrir opened his mouth, the difference was clear. Powerful shadows raced forward, shaking the ground and making the wild animals flee. There was nowhere to hide. seek Another one who didn't get far was the vampire trying to escape. He felt someone chasing him, and in a distant clearing among tall, thick trees, something grabbed his ankle from the ground and wouldn't let go. "Ah, damn it!" BAM!
He hit the grass hard, kicking at whatever had caught him. He could feel things digging under his body. Suddenly, a silhouette emerged from the darkness. It looked like a woman. She wore a dark dress and a black veil over her face. But her long brown hair shimmered through the shadows, and a pair of red pupils watched him from the dark. ---- The scent of her blood hit the vampire straight on, and his eyes widened in disbelief. "Victoria!
Did you follow us all the way to this realm, you damn traitor?!" he roared, half-panicked and half-furious. He tried to flee, summon mist, flow with the night... but he was too weak. 'The supposed Victoria didn't speak, but a man with shoulder- length black hair stepped out behind her. His ruby eyes looked like those of a cold-blooded killer-and that's exactly what he was.
"'$o my trap worked," Zarek walked slowly toward the prey, who looked like he was about to wet himself from the weight of his aura. "You know my daughter... and right now, you're going to tell me where Victoria is." 
###Chapter 1241
---- 163. NO... HE'S NOT JUST ONE MAN NARRATOR Edgar had rarely felt such a chilling pressure on him. Not even in his prime did the Vampire Lord of his clan strike this much fear. "Walk faster or I'll drag you," Zarek's terrifying voice came from right beside him. The vampire was basically sprinting through the jungle, heading toward the Sorcerers' Continent. The man smelled just like Victoria's blood, which was why he had mistaken him for her.
Damn, now he knew where that vampiress got her killer aura. Edgar's eyes scanned for a way out, trying not to be obvious. But he could feel it-there was nowhere to hide. And worst of all, in the middle of this life-or-death situation, the weirdest conversation in history was unfolding right behind him. "Did you see how amazing our little mistress acted? I'm unbeatable!" ---- The "woman" who had crept out of the shadows like a creepy black widow was bragging to another undead walking beside her.
"Even if that idiot Marcia says she's the best Vicky double." "Yeah, yeah, she's got nothing on you. Maybe you can play the new little princess about to be born." "We still don't know if it's a girl..." "I'm almost sure it's another mini-Celine. And if it's a prince, we'll need someone to play his double lat..." The enthusiastic words got stuck in her pale lips when Zarek suddenly stopped walking. He turned around in slow motion, and both of them trembled. Damn it.
They'd forgotten their Master didn't like gossip- especially now that he was in serial killer mode. "One more word and you're going back to sleep," he growled, narrowing his eyes. The "women" lowered their heads, but their eyes locked, ---- clearly gossiping and protesting in silence. Zarek kept walking, rubbing his temples. Damn the moment he shared his secrets with Victoria.
It wasn't enough dealing with Sigrid's interference and her mischievous sons-now Victoria had created all kinds of female corpses. He raised undead to be warriors, not chaperones, failed actresses, or tea-time besties! Victoria, what the hell are you doing? Zarek remembered the moment Katherine contacted her, just like she had with Nyx. They had wrongly assumed she had landed on the same continent. But that didn't seem to be the case.
Victoria had spoken very briefly, saying she was trying to return and not to worry, but time passed and there was still no sign of her. Her mother, Celine, was pregnant again. They found out when she learned about Victoria's disappearance.
###Chapter 1242
---- Celine had complications and almost lost the baby, so Zarek hadn't let her move and tried to ease her worries. He had to bring his princess back safe and sound-or he would never forgive himself. eee "It's... it's right past that bridge," Edgar suddenly stopped, pointing at a sturdy construction of stone, wood, and vines. It stretched over a deep gorge. The cold night fog swirled above the chasm's surface, making it impossible to see what lay on the other side-like acurtain of mystery.
"Good. Go on," Zarek said calmly, watching the gleam of hope flash in that foolish vampire's eyes. He followed in silence, even giving the man space to pull off one last desperate move. When Edgar's body disappeared into the white mist, Zarek felt the exact moment he activated his vampire magic and floated away at high speed. ---- "WHO DARES ENTER THE SORCERERS' CONTINENT?" The vampire prince heard a booming voice from the other side of the bridge. "It's me!
I'm your ally, but I'm being chased by an enemy!" Edgar's cries came right after. "He killed your king, your people-he's a powerful vampire, a foreigner from another land!" He wasted no time throwing more dirt on him. Zarek didn't even flinch. He stood in the middle of the misty bridge, listening to hundreds of whistles in the air. Red dots flashed through the fog. A twisted smile spread across Zarek's beautiful face, his eyes glowing crimson.
He calmly raised his hand toward the incoming arrows, already ignited with magical flames. But those sorcerers had no idea who they were dealing with. He simply waved his hand, and a dark mist surged from the ---- bottom of the gorge, swirling up and merging with the air as it rushed toward the arrows. "What... what the hell is that?!" one of the sentries gasped. In the watchtowers, all the archers looked just as stunned.
Black hands materialized from the cursed mist, grabbing the arrows midair-then turning them back at their senders. "Watch out! They're coming back!" someone shouted as they saw their own attack reflected back onto their defenses. They dove behind the stone walls but then made the fatal mistake of rushing out all at once to fight. "No matter how strong he is, he's just one man! Take him down!" But as that cocky shout echoed, Edgar suddenly had a horrible gut feeling. ?No... he's not just one man?
###Chapter 1243
---- 164. THE PORTAL TO MY DAUGHTER NARRATOR Amid the magical flames and smoke from the small fires, Edgar saw him. That vampire was calm-way too calm, like he was just out for a stroll. He moved his hand like swatting away a fly, and the white mist split in two, clearing his path. "Final warning! Stop now or you'll be killed!" The sorcerer general shouted in front of his men, guarding that stretch of land.
But Edgar realized how foolish he'd been, thinking he was safe just for reaching that checkpoint. He remembered how Victoria had created an entire army out of nothing-from dust and bones, she had shaped soldiers. So what wouldn't this man be capable of, if he was the source of all that power? ---- "Attack him with suppression spells!" Edgar started stepping back, wanting to run, slipping into the shadows of the trees. But then, the ground began to tremble like an earthquake.
And before any spell could touch the black-clad vampire, horrifying howls burst out from the gorge. Hands grabbed the dirt edge, rusty axes slammed down, claws pushed up the massive, invincible bodies rising from the dark mist at the bottom of the abyss. "Hold your positions!" "What the Goddess are those things?!" "That damned vampire brought doom with him!" "Fight for your lives!" With war cries, both sides clashed. Suddenly, it wasn't a hundred against one anymore.
The tide had turned, and the undead swept through the fourth-rate sorcerers like a plague. ---- Sparks of magic exploded everywhere-blood, screams, limbs and heads flying through the air-and in the middle of all that chaos, Zarek kept advancing without stopping. His long cloak rippled with the night, just like his luminous hair of ebony strands. His heavy boots crushed the bodies of the fallen. He was the maestro of this macabre symphony. This was his world.
He was the prince of calamity and death. Where others saw ruin, he saw life. Edgar watched the exact same image burned into his memory. If Victoria had seemed secretly incredible to him-smiling as she walked through the carnage-this man was definitely the origin of evil. Something warm and foul ran down his leg, and his knees refused to move. Despite hiding, those ruby-red eyes locked right onto him. "Come on, come on, run!" he forced himself out of the ---- mental paralysis and turned around, trying one last time to escape.
###Chapter 1244
---- BAM! It was useless. His face slammed into something hard and he fell to the ground. He looked up in panic, crawling backward. "No, no! I was going to take you to her! I can tell you everything I know about Victoria!" Zarek appeared before him in a second. "Of course you'll talk, you piss-stained rat... you'll sing like a soprano real soon." A mocking, distorted female voice whispered in his ear. His arms were pinned down, and his face came eye-to-eye with a pale woman wearing a veil.
"No, no... let me go!" Edgar tried to get up, but the Victoria look-alike slowly lifted the delicate lace from her face and stared into his eyes. ---- What the vampire saw made him vomit instantly. "Now you've pissed me off, you little bitch!" she roared in rage, sinking her claws into his skin all the way to the bone. "Aaah!" "Master, can we play with him?" the other woman asked Zarek with a wicked smile.
"Do whatever you want, after he takes us to the portal." seek About fifteen minutes later, Zarek was walking toward the distant sorcerer city, eyeing the grand palace atop the hill. Let them sleep peacefully tonight... because tomorrow they'd learn the balance of power had changed. Almost bled to death, what was left of Edgar was dragged through the forest behind the city. They arrived at a cave with a narrow, dark entrance.
"Hey, we agreed that one of the testicles would be mine!" ---- "Silence." Zarek shut down the bickering behind him. The undead soldiers were fierce, but he remembered why he tolerated the female creations too They were more cruel and creative with torture than the males. Zarek summoned his magic, and his body transformed into a bat that flew through the tunnels and narrow corridors. He could feel it... the lingering energy flow.
He reached the end of the cave, where a wall was blocked by fallen rocks. Zarek reappeared in front of it and stretched out his hand, trying to blend his selenic magic with the gravel and soil of the collapse. "Damn it," he muttered through clenched teeth.
###Chapter 1245
---- 165. MY CONTINENT IS YOUR CONTINENT NARRATOR That man hadn't lied-there had indeed been a physical portal here. But now, this path was no longer usable. It seemed that in this continent, portals existed as dimensional passages to other worlds. Not everyone had the power to tear open space like Silas, Lavinia, Laziel, or even Aidan. The vampire prince's pupils flickered in the dark. It didn't matter that those fugitive vampires had blocked this route to avoid being followed.
They could reopen it... but he needed his family's help. He turned around and walked toward the exit. "Guard this cave with your lives. Report any anomaly to me immediately," he ordered the two undead women lounging on the grass like it was a picnic. "Wait... I told you... the truth... don't leave me... with them..." ---- Edgar mumbled, sprawled on the ground. "I... can tell you everything... about Victoria..." Around him, the grass was stained red.
His arms and legs had been ripped off, along with his crown jewels. He didn't have much time left. Only his supernatural nature had kept him from passing out from the pain. Zarek looked at him like one stares at a pile of dung. "You'll tell me everything you lived with my daughter," he said coldly. His beautiful face was cast in moonlight and shadow. "I don't need you alive to do that... rip out everything he knows and send it to me," he told the frustrated actress and the backup makeup artist.
He summoned the mist and floated above the forest, where the symphony of screams, the distant smoke, and the sweet scent of blood filled the air. "Just a bit longer, pup. I'm only one step away from you." sone ---- Some time later, everyone had settled into the swamp pack. The locals were used to weird things, but seeing the new lycans was still a big deal. Fenrir and Magnun went back to help their father with the boring administrative duties.
"Damn it, that old man only uses us to do his dirty work." "Jump, Fenrir!" Magnun shoved his twin into the portal to save him from their father's slap. "Rebellious little brats," Aldric hissed, returning to the bonfire to join his mate and roast the meat. On blood-soaked pikes, the enemies' heads still stared in terror. "Too bad they turn back into lions when they die. They looked cooler with the manes," Cedrick said to his new best friend, the Lycan King.
"And I ripped that head off like a beast," Aldric grumbled. "And someone pissed on Hakon's leg out of fear-dude, you can still smell it from here!" They started mocking the ---- swamp Alpha, who was busy organizing the vacant houses.
###Chapter 1246
---- "Go f*ck yourselves," he snapped with his usual bad temper, earning some hearty laughs. He didn't give a shit about their jokes and kept on going, the Beta, Anastasia. His daughters had left to escort the elders back to the royal palace. Two twins-one a powerful Centuria, and the other a rare winter woman. Neither had found her perfect mate yet, leaving a trail of broken hearts behind. The massacre talk continued under the moon, now just stories.
The only missing trophy head was that of the Lion King, taken by the two lioness warriors to free their queen. "She's a good girl. Just for Seraphina's sake, I'll stay out of the beast-men's business," Cedrick muttered, discussing with Aldric what punishment they'd rain down on the Sorcery Continent. ---- "I've got a feeling we'll be husbandless soon," Valeria whispered to Raven, both seated to the side with matching sarcastic grins.
"Should we go find them a bed?" the Centuria joked, and they burst out laughing at their silly mates. But Raven's thoughts always drifted back to the elevated bungalow, where her daughter Amber was resting with her mate Vincent. Turns out she was pregnant. But as always, so much strange blood mixed together often created something... special. Her pup was wrapped in a dark magic, like a flower encasing and hiding her. "Don't worry. We're specialists in weirdness too.
We'll help her," Valeria said, reading her concern. "Thank you. Thank you so much." Raven sighed and went silent. She was also thinking about Aidan. He had left with Nyx and Isabella's ice coffin-what were ---- they planning to do? She didn't know, and no one had interfered. Valeria, in part, was glad her man was so busy with the internal wars of this continent-it made him less intense. Sigrid had her mate under control... in fact, they'd vanished too.
Beof returned to his realm with his female, promising to come back later with her. Some stayed, others passed through the portal Silas had opened near the swamp. They were free souls, each with their own peculiar power. Lyra was the first to go through the magical vortex, in search of her mate who was still adjusting to the immense power within him. eee Staying in one of the elevated houses, the two were finally alone. Lyra's delicate hands gently caressed his long black hair.
###Chapter 1247
---- 166. WE ARE JUST HELPING HIM NARRATOR Lying on the bed, Drakkar clung to her with that primal instinct not to lose her. "Lyra, I'm the one who's scared now. What was all that madness Khalum said? Where are they going?" Aztoria whispered strangely, sounding unusually serious. As soon as they arrived, Khalum woke up roaring like crazy. It took the strength of three lycans to restrain him, but all he wanted was Lyra. The moment he had his female in his arms, he calmed down.
He kept repeating like a broken record that he wasn't leaving without her, that no one would take her from him. It took a long time to soothe him enough to fall back asleep and control the wild energy currents stirring inside him. "I won't let anyone take him from me," the Alpha said with a determined look. ---- "Next time, I won't let his sweet protective words convince me. I'm not staying behind again." They both agreed. No one would take their mate.
Lyra got up and walked to the rustic bathroom in the treehouse. Outside, the crickets sang, fireflies glowed among the tall grass. Everything seemed peaceful. She grabbed a small basin with a cloth and went to clean her man's massive body. Lying on the bed, he barely fit. "Is it just me, or does Drakkar keep getting bigger every time he absorbs that magic?" Aztoria mused, eyeing her male's huge muscles with greedy eyes.
Straddling his hips, Lyra ran the cloth over his scowling face, his thick neck, and powerful forearms. The black and blue tattoos moved beneath her gentle strokes. ---- "..Mmnn, Lyra..." Drakkar's husky voice filled the room. The bold hand of the delicate woman slid down his chest, circling his dark nipples, tangling her fingers in the hair on his chest. The trail of hair led down his sculpted abdomen. But harder than all that was the monster awakening between the Alpha's parted legs.
Lyra rubbed herself against him "accidentally"... sshhh... it felt so big, and it kept growing... so damn good... mmnn... Drakkar was getting aroused, even while unconscious. That burning rod pulsed against her wet, needy pussy. "Mmmnn... I say it's time to clean under the loincloth and check the 'growth' of that mushroom." Aztoria licked her lips hungrily. Still blushing, Lyra saw her mate's closed eyes and went to indulge herself. She began riding one of his thighs, lifting her hand and " gently cleaning" with the cloth.
###Chapter 1248
---- "Move the cloth, woman, I'm drooling over here!" "Shut up, Aztoria, damn it." Even pretending to resist, Lyra's fingers explored the full sacks, the rough texture under her fingertips, then wrapped her hand around that length that barely fit in her grip. She slid the leather cover up and... "Oh my Goddess, if we dress it up, will it turn into a baby?!" Aztoria's eyes widened, imagining that delicious thing plunging inside her.
Throbbing veins made it stand erect, the head red and tempting, ready to be sucked and savored with the slippery liquid oozing from the tip. "Dramatic," Lyra replied, but even her thoughts came out raspy and full of lust. Her pussy throbbed, aching to be mounted by her male. Filled with his hot cum, trembling under Drakkar's body. But he was still recovering... and they were burning with heat. ---- "I know you're thinking the same thing I am," the wicked voice echoed in Lyra's mind.
"Poor thing, it must hurt. Look how hard it is... we're just doing him a favor..." Sweet temptations and excuses whispered in her ears as she leaned down. Her hand moved up and down, cradling the base where precum was pooling. Ssshhh... it was a delicacy. The intoxicating scent of her male's pheromones drove her wild. Her pink tongue came out and licked from the testicles upward, feeling the heat on her taste buds, the wild, spicy flavor, until she reached the thick tip. "Mmmm...
so good, baby... sshhh..." Lyra's filthy thoughts slipped out as her lips closed around him and sucked. Her hips rolled seductively on Drakkar's muscular thigh, her pussy grinding, seeking friction against her clit. As she lowered her head to take him deeper, making lewd sounds, one hand stroked him and the other slipped into her ---- neckline to fondle her breast. Drakkar and Khalum, in their dreamlike haze, felt a pleasure so strong it could make them abandon immortality itself. "Lyra...
mmnn... suck me more... my female..." 1 He shoved his cock into that hot mouth and reached down 'to tangle his fingers in her silver strands.
###Chapter 1249
---- 167. THE "RAPIST" OF "PATIENTS" NARRATOR "Ssshh..." excited hisses slipped from those sexy male lips. Wet, filthy, lust-drenched sounds flooded the room. Drakkar snapped awake instantly, there was no way to keep sleeping with someone blatantly sucking his dick like that. "Mmnnn..." Lyra's throat vibrations had every muscle in his body tense, fighting the urge to thrust deep. The suction from those cheeks was about to milk his life out. "Ssshh baby, you're leaking so much milk... mmnn...
more, my man... ahh, fuck, I love it, cum in my mouth." Dirty words tore through his brain, slipping out from Lyra who thought he was still unconscious. Drakkar propped himself up on his elbows to see her between his legs. That silver hair moved up and down. Her small hand gripped the base of his cock, giving him a hot, firm massage. ---- Goddess... she looked stunning, especially with that shameless, seductive woman expression. She had him on his knees.
He watched his thick cock sliding in and out of those wet, plump red lips. Lyra's quick breaths hit his tight abdomen. "Mmnn..." Drakkar tilted his head back, clutching the furs beneath his fists. His black hair fell over his shoulders, his sharp canines clenched... shit, he wouldn't last long. His woman was so focused, sucking him deep, she hadn't even noticed he was awake... until Drakkar's lust took over. Plop. Suddenly, the delicious treat was ripped from the greedy Alpha's mouth. "What?...
Aah-" Lyra looked up, only to find herself pinned down by her mate's strong body. ---- He kissed her deep, tasting himself on her lips. She didn't even have time to feel embarrassed about being caught with his dick in her mouth. Drakkar was in full-on wild, dominant, horny mode. "Lyra, I wanna lick your pussy too..." he growled in a deep, raspy voice that made her shiver. He grabbed her hair possessively, bringing their panting mouths closer.
The Alpha saw those dark eyes, flickering red-Khalum was close to the surface, ready to claim his mate. "Do whatever you want to me, my man... I'm yours..." Drakkar's heart skipped a beat at her words. He stared, obsessed, at her delicate face, those moonlit eyes ... Lyra was the best thing that had ever happened to him. He stood up, wild and hungry, ripping off the rest of his barely-hanging loincloth. "Thank you, Goddess..." Lyra swallowed hard and let out a ---- soft moan at the sight of him fully naked.
###Chapter 1250
---- Drakkar looked like a damn god-bronzed skin, black hair, aggressive, sensual muscles, those deep eyes that said it all .. and fuck, that massive, pussy-splitting cock. The bed creaked as Drakkar moved across the mattress. Next thing Lyra knew, the thick shaft was dripping right on her face, his strong thighs beside her head, and Drakkar between her open legs. "Aammm..." she trembled from head to toe as that wolf tongue slid between her folds, slurping up every drop of her juices.
Drakkar's rough fingers gently spread her pink flesh, exposing the tiny entrance and her sensitive clit, which was the first to be devoured. "Ssshh... baby..." Lyra closed her eyes, her toes curling. Her mind blurred with burning desire and the sinful sensation of his mouth worshipping her pussy. Drakkar knew how to drive her crazy. He loved the way she moaned every time his tongue flicked fast over that ---- sensitive little button. He sucked it between his lips, tugging, lightly nibbling.
Drakkar kissed her soaked cunt with hunger and delight- Lyra's taste was his favorite in the world. He spread her petals with impatient fingers that slipped inside her tight pussy. The wild wolf needed to get her ready to take him-he was dying to mount her, to sink into that intoxicating little hole he was now teasing with his tongue. "Gggrr, fuck, they're so wet... I love having them dripping like this, soaked in sweet juice... sshh...
moan louder, babe..." Khalum was drowning, just like his human half. Both of them playing out this filthy position Lyra had taught him. "Ssshh..." Drakkar hissed again as Lyra rewarded him. He started to push his thick cock back down her throat, careful not to choke, but fucking herself with that slick mouth The room was drenched in the smell of wild, perfumed pheromones-raw mating, erotic shadows moving over the ---- bed. Drakkar felt the exact moment Lyra came from his cunnilingus.
Her juices coated his tongue, he swallowed, and went deeper. His middle finger kept rubbing her clit fiercely, sucking every drop of orgasm out of her. The Alpha's claws dug into his hard muscles, her other hand massaging his balls, trying to set him off. Drakkar's cock kept dripping endlessly in her throat as Lyra moaned in silence, her whole body shaking. Intense and raw-that's how their love always was.
###Chapter 1251
---- 168. THAT'S GONNA HURT IN THE WAY I LOVE IT Narrator "Aaahh," she exhaled when she was finally released. Her chest rose and fell quickly, eyes shut, mind still up in the clouds. But her male was also in full sexual predator mode. He grabbed her by the waist and, like a doll, Lyra was held in his arms and against his hard chest. "Lyra, I want you to ride me. I want to see you turned on, on top of me," he whispered those wild words in her ear.
Kneeling on the bed, facing each other, so close that even the sunrays through the window couldn't slip between them. The powerful Alpha was completely stripped, between rough tugs and tender caresses. She couldn't stop kissing his chest, his shoulders, his mouth ... her Drakkar, her love... today she was set on giving herself to him entirely. ---- She'd been so afraid to lose him...
The wild wolf let her push him down against the headboard, among the pillows, watching her naked, almost obsessed. His fingers traced the pale skin of her perfect breasts, sliding down her delicate belly... sometimes he couldn't believe she was his. Lyra climbed onto his hips, holding that burning, ready-to- burst member in her hand. The veins were swollen and red, the tip dripping with need to penetrate her.
She settled on top of him and started rubbing the tip along her slit, back and forth, moaning louder with each pass. "Asshh... so big, my man..." Her folds trembled with anticipation, her petals spreading to welcome him. "Fuck... this is gonna hurt in the way I love it," Lyra heard her wolf's perverted thoughts as she began to sit. Her thighs trembled as she lowered herself; one hand ---- guiding "the dagger" and the other resting on Drakkar's chest. "Aahh...
so thick..." the pressure started to build inside her pussy. She took in just the tip, then pulled out, repeating the motion up and down, adjusting, taking him little by little. "Ssshh..." she hissed as she reached halfway... lifting her ass, grinding, sweating... Drakkar didn't rush her, holding back his own urge, but a sharp moan from Lyra made him grab her by the hips. "No, wait, baby... you'll hurt yourself, you don't... mmnn, Lyra...
His words melted into a groan as more than half of him was swallowed by that hungry cave. Lyra leaned over him, her firm breasts pressed against his pecs. "Baby, don't stop... babe... mmnn, it feels so good..." Lyra moaned into his face, and she wasn't lying. Her body was made to love him.
###Chapter 1252
---- Her viscous fluids worked as lube, letting her stab herself with that massive cock until she reached the base. It pushed deep inside her in an uncomfortable way that quickly turned too damn good. Drakkar was panting like a wolf in heat, watching his woman's expression twist into raw lust. He grabbed the Alpha's hips as she started to move wildly, up and down, swallowing and spitting him out, squeezing him tight in that greedy little pussy.
Lyra's claws dug into his bronzed muscles as her body bounced. Her breasts were captured by her man's dirty mouth. Drakkar feasted on them, sucking her areolas while she fucked his cock. Lyra buried her face in his midnight hair, getting drunk on his scent, muffling her moans of pleasure. Goddess, she felt so full, so stretched, and fucked in the best way. ---- "Ah, ah, ah, my man... Drakkar... you're mine, only mine..." "Lyra... sshh... I want to mark you...
I need to claim you..." The promises poured from their lips, whispered so close. Lyra rode him in his arms, dropping heavily, quickening her hips, her sweaty ass swaying. The moment of orgasm was getting closer, ecstasy building, the bed vibrating from Drakkar's thrusts from below. But just when Lyra thought she was about to touch the clouds, her wild wolf stood up, holding her. "Aahh!" she cried out loud as she landed impaled on that fleshy spear.
Her eyes rolled back and her pussy contracted with delicious spasms. "Not yet, my female... wait a second..." In a guttural voice, Drakkar asked as he carried her to the window and threw both wooden panels wide open. "Love, what are you doing?... ah... wait, baby!..." ---- Lyra was placed on the floor, feeling all sorts of sinful fluids run down her thighs as her mate suddenly pulled out. He turned her toward the open window, where the clear sky and the huge moon lit them up.
Half her body was leaning out, her ass raised, legs spread, her flower waiting to be sprayed by that hose again. "Drakkar, they can see us... no..." she suddenly panicked. They were in one of the most isolated cabins in the pack, but what if someone saw or heard them? "No one gets to see what's mine... only I get the pleasure of hearing your moans... now and forever..." Drakkar declared in a savage tone. Before the Alpha could say another word... "Aamm..." Lyra covered her mouth as she was penetrated again from below and the moment of the oath approached.
###Chapter 1253
---- 169. THE BEAST'S HEART IS YOURS. Narrator She spread her legs wider and held onto the window frame, claws digging into the wood as she braced herself against the pounding from the massive male behind her. Her hair was yanked into a fist, keeping her under control, her back arching while her ass smacked rhythmically against his tight, hard abs. Drakkar and Khalum were wilder than ever, fully dominating them, making love to them standing up and against the open window.
Lyra and Aztoria surrendered to them, letting themselves be mounted under the open sky as their witness. "I, Drakkar, just a wild fool from the jungle, beg the woman I love to accept me even if I have nothing... Lyra, my life or death are in your hands... the Heart of the Beast can only belong to you." In the whirlwind of passion, Lyra heard the most beautiful words in the universe. ---- The sincere feelings of Drakkar and Khalum swept through like a storm, wrapping around her soul.
With her silver eyes blurred by tears, she accepted his mating proposal. "I accept you, my beloved wolf. I'll love you so deeply that you'll never regret choosing me." Sealing their love, Lyra felt her man's powerful body press against her back. His hot tongue licked her nape with delight and she trembled beneath Drakkar's relentless thrusts. A huge hand covered her mouth to muffle her moans as his teeth sank deep into her neck.
His canines pierced her soft skin, imprinting Khalum's mark, binding their hearts in a way no one could ever break. Lyra's pupils gleamed, reflecting the light of the Goddess who cast shimmering beams over them, as if blessing their union. While her body shook with a powerful orgasm, the fog of pleasure clouded her senses. ---- Khalum's voice echoed in her mind, telling her how much he loved her, that she was the most perfect creation, his ideal gift. "I love you too, my wild wolf...
you've been mine since the first time I saw you..." The sweet scent of ancestral blood tempted her nose, she opened her mouth and drank from her mate's strength Her body rocked a few more times until she felt her mate's fierce growl behind her, licking the mark nonstop. "Ggrtrggg," Drakkar was in the clouds. He buried his cock deep inside that delicious pussy vibrating around him. His balls throbbed, releasing his burning load that filled Lyra's insides with force.
The primal urge to breed her with his pups took over his mind, and with it came the thick, overwhelming knot. His woman's groan came quick, and Drakkar went from ecstasy to concern. ---- "Baby, I'm going to knot you." "Drakkar, wait... ahh, damn it! How much bigger is it gonna get?!" Lyra was sweating cold. Desire and pain, lust and discomfort. "Spread your legs more, baby... more... more, Lyra..." "I'm gonna fall, babe!" "I've got you...
I'll never let you fall..." Drakkar kissed her neck, crouching down with her. The whole thing could've looked like a comedy. Lyra's thighs were completely spread, squatting to relieve the pressure, until she ended up seated on Drakkar on the floor. Thick, cloudy fluids leaked from their connection, her "rose" wide open, pierced by a swollen red knot. Lyra sighed, settling against his broad back.
###Chapter 1254
---- "That thing can't possibly grow anymore," she moaned softly. "I don't have infinite elasticity!" "Baby, I thought you liked surprises... the way you were sucking me while I was asleep." Khalum''s teasing words made her flush from head to toe. That little perverted wolf! "Does it hurt a lot?" Drakkar's husky voice came from behind, saving her from answering that shameless line. "It's just an annoying pressure...
does it hurt you?" Lyra asked on reflex, though she immediately realized how silly it sounded, but still... "It hurts a lot, Ly... mmn... we'll have to do it a few more times so I can get used to it..." His shameless answer froze Lyra for a second. He'd even given her a cute nickname, melting her from the inside out. Since when had her sweet mate learned to be such a cocky flirt? ---- "How many...
how many more times until it doesn't hurt?" Drakkar couldn't see her tomato-red face, so he took full advantage of his double standard. Aztoria was murmuring that she was already ready for a second round, ready to ride that stud like a cowgirl at a rodeo. "For today... I think I'll need, like... three more times." "Three?!" she squeaked, startled. "Babe, did I tell you my little thing wears out if you use it too much?" "Don't lie," he whispered magnetically in her ear.
His powerful hands closed over her breasts, giving her a delicious massage. Down below, the knot was slowly going down, but the shaft stayed rock hard. "I don't believe a single word you said anymore... your uncle, after we fought and I beat him, cleared up a few things for me." Drakkar licked the shell of her sensitive ear, his urge to take her again heating his blood. ---- "My uncle! Which of the two sold me out? Talk!...
Drakkar!" Lyra was once again held like a delicate porcelain doll, her waist gripped tightly as she fell forward, on all fours over the polished wood. A muffled moan slipped from her lips. All that seduction had started to stir her hunger. "You told me I could never be a snitch," Drakkar whispered, erotically caressing her spine until his hand rested on her marked nape. He could feel his mate's lust waking up, no matter how much she denied it. "But that rule doesn't apply to me!
Aaahh fuck!" the curse slipped from glamorous Lyra's mouth. Her complaints turned into shameless moans, muffled by the night. "Baby, let's make a pup, just as beautiful as you." "With all the stuff you're pumping into me, I'll end up with a whole damn litter! ---- Khalum's soul glowed with happiness. Not even in all the clouds of immortality had he ever felt so alive and fulfilled.
eee While Drakkar enjoyed his consummation, having passed the Thorne house's trial by fire, Nyx and Aidan had something important to do. They were traveling at full speed through the snowy mountains, headed for the ruined ice castle. In their hands, they carried with great care a beautiful coffin.
###Chapter 1255
---- 170. DID YOU ALREADY KNOCK UP MY GRANDDAUGHTER?! NARRATOR Shadowy wings passed over the ruined castle. When Aidan stopped "feeding" the spell, it crumbled like a house of cards. He came down, worried the few remaining servants might be dead, afraid they had been buried under the ice. But they found no trace of any bodies. "Looks like that Lisa woman at least had the decency to let them go before they took Isabella out," Nyx said, blowing out a puff of white breath.
Blizzards whipped through the mountain pass, but Aidan's power kept her safe. "I don't know where she went, I didn't see her again on the battlefield," he said, frowning. But right now, they had more important things to do than worry about Lisa's fate. ---- "Aidan, I don't like this place for Isabella. She stayed locked in here for too long." "I kept her... I was the one who kept her locked up..." he murmured with a sad smile. "Aidan..." "But that's enough.
I swore I wouldn't speak of the past again," he said, taking her hand and kissing it gently. "Let's take her to a beautiful hill near the royal castle. A true love rests there. She liked going to that place." Nyx nodded with a soft smile. She didn't really know what he meant by "true love." They carried her gently again, flying high under the beautiful moon. "Didn't you have to pick up that bastard's remains?" the selenian asked as she flew over the ruins. "This is more important.
Don't worry, I can feel it. That bastard's still trapped under the frozen layer. He can't escape," Aidan gritted out, and Nyx didn't push it. ---- She'd take care of tearing that fucking lycan apart, tendon by tendon, herself. Who said revenge didn't bring satisfaction too? eee Some time later, they reached a warm place, with green vegetation stretching across the land of the werewolf packs. In the distance stood a beautiful castle with white towers and flags waving in the wind.
"That's my home, where I was born... and I want to introduce you to my people," Aidan said, gazing at it with melancholy. It was time to go home Nyx suddenly got a bit nervous; she hadn't had much contact with her in-laws amid all the madness. She always felt insecure about what others might say. Would they think deep down she was a wretch who stole a mate from a dying woman? "Don't overthink it. My whole family was in on Isabella's plan ---- to bring us together.
The Priestess Centuria confessed it to me. Aidan reassured her. It would take some time for the two of them to leave the shadows of the past behind, but together, they'd make it. Their feet finally touched the soft grass. Nyx was amazed by the peaceful place, where thick branches swayed gently and daisies popped up everywhere. During the day, this hill must be stunning.
"Here lies the true love between a woman of fire and a man of winter," she read on one of the inscriptions on the two tombs already resting on the land. "A long time ago, the relationship between the Centurias and the Men of Winter wasn't like it is now," Aidan explained. "My uncle and one of the first Centurias are buried here. They were mates." He walked a little further and started digging with an ice shovel as he spoke.
###Chapter 1256
---- He had chosen the tip of the hill, where the moonlight fell directly. "They had to hide their love, run away... the relations between those two clans were complicated," he summarized -a story of hate, even slavery. Nyx listened quietly, weaving her magic to forge a special black-and-gold iron plaque with the inscription for the tomb. In the middle of the night, with soft words and long silences, they finally buried Isabella's body.
With dirt on her hands, Nyx placed the detailed plaque on the grave. ?Here lies the most incredible and brave woman I've ever known. May the Goddess guide her spirit and guard a brilliant destiny for her? Aidan's heart tightened as he read the message Nyx had left, along with a protection over the tomb. He raised his hands, and flickers of winter magic merged to form a beautiful mirrored cover engraved with roses- Isabella's favorite.
---- They stood in silence before the grave, each lost in thought, yet hiding nothing. Their souls spoke more than words ever could. "I'm going to take a walk," Nyx told him, caressing his shoulder and giving him space to say goodbye to his ex- mate. She walked slowly down the hill, and when she reached the base, she felt the soft moisture of snowflakes falling from the sky.
She looked back up; she couldn't see Aidan clearly, but the snow falling only on the hill carried his sorrow and his farewell. cere The selenian wandered into the forest, walking first, then running faster and freer. Her body shifted, cloaked in dark mist. She fell forward, her hands becoming black paws that moved swiftly through the bushes, under the stars, along the lakeshore. ---- They were coming. She felt it-and she was right. Pawsteps followed behind her.
A blue flash ran beside her in wolf form. Theo's snout nudged her gently mid-run, and she smiled in his mind. "Wolfie," Nyx let her magic brush against his soul, resonating together. Her being vibrated, calling for her other half, and soon her second love caught up. "Damn it, Theo! I told you to wait for me!" Vlad growled at him. On Nyx's other side, a massive white wolf matched their pace. Soon, she was sandwiched between her two giant mates.
"Nyx is mine!" Theo pounced on her in a field of sunflowers. They rolled in the grass and the scent of the flowers, fireflies lighting up around them. ---- "Baby, tell him you shapeshifted into a wolf just for me!" Vlad demanded, all possessive. Nyx didn't say a thing. She just laughed as one ear was nibbled and her tail tugged from side to side. Her snout and fur licked, squeezed, adored. Her eyes sparkled, reflecting the starlight as she ran under the Goddess's blessing with her lovers.
Aidan, watching from afar, suddenly had a sour face. "Damn it! Why do I feel like I'm at a disadvantage with these pervy wolves?" he muttered, annoyed. Let them slobber all over her today. In the end, he'd be the one eating that pudding. Tomorrow he was sealing the deal with her family. The poor winter prince just didn't know that things weren't that simple with his new in-laws.
If he wanted to taste Nyx's cream, he had to survive and prove to the Thorne men he could protect the treasure they were entrusting to him ---- Luckily for him, there was another son-in-law also getting into trouble. + so The next morning, early in the swamp... "I need to ask you something," Drakkar approached the Lycan King like a man ready to die. "What do you want, Drakkar? I thought you were recovering last night, but clearly you weren't... unfortunately," Aldric gritted his teeth.
Drakkar didn't even flinch at the sharp tone. Fuck, Lyra's scent clung to him. Obviously, they had been fooling around all night. How the hell did they do it so quietly? If Valeria had left him starving, these huts were way too... noisy. The Lycan King already had too many jealous females around, no room for more. But Drakkar kept pushing his luck. ---- "I want to know how to care for my female...
when she's pregnant." "WHAT?!" The roar woke the whole swamp pack, and even birds flew off in panic. 2 "No. Don't tell me you...!" Aldric's finger pointed at him like a judge. "DID YOU ALREADY KNOCK UP MY INNOCENT GRANDDAUGHTER?!" + As he shouted the words, a lightning bolt struck under the sun in the middle of the morning "For your own good, savage man, I hope I heard that wrong... The ghostly voice of the Specter King echoed behind Drakkar. *
###Chapter 1257
---- 171. IT WAS JUST AN INNOCENT QUESTION. NARRATOR Drakkar had no idea how much he'd just said. Wasn't it normal to have pups with your mate? Didn't they have offspring too? "Someone told me you have to knot inside the female to have pups..." he muttered, frowning in thought. He should've asked the more serious redhead. That Fenrir guy was probably just as clueless about females .. just like him! "I mated with Lyra several times last night and knotted her.
She must be pregnant already, right?" 2 He lifted his head with an expression Lyra would've called adorable and innocent. But to the Lycan King, it looked like an abomination! This one was even more perverted than that prostitute Silas! ---- How dare he say that to his face? He'd handed over his granddaughter to a horny beast! Before Drakkar could say another word, he had to leap to the side quickly. BOOM! A deafening explosion rang out, blasting gravel everywhere.
Where he'd stood seconds ago was now a massive hole, with corrosive mist still bubbling at the bottom. Drakkar's pupils narrowed on his father-in-law. "Shift into your wolf..." Silas muttered through gritted teeth. The sky was starting to darken, storm clouds gathering. Aldric cracked his knuckles. No way that albino bastard was getting all the fun for himself. First time they were this much in sync. "I don't want to fight you," Drakkar growled, staying alert.
---- The air thickened with dangerous energy, ready to blow at the slightest provocation. "Shift the fuck already or we'll destroy you anyway!" Aldric roared and lunged at him. His powerful body was transformed in the race. Azarot's Lycan jaws snapped open, ready to tear him apart. Dark spectral hands crawled up Drakkar's legs, slithering like poisonous snakes to hold him down. On the other side, a fast shadow loomed over him. Silas'black eyes spelled disaster. Two against one.
Definitely not fair. But Khalum was strong, very strong, and he still didn't have the last piece of his heart. Drakkar's body exploded with green energy from his soul. That elemental power especially affected beasts... like Aldric. ---- He tore off his clothes and roared with fury, shifting into his massive war form. To Khalum's eyes, the Lycan royal's movements looked like slow motion. He also heard the whistle of Silas' attack, aimed to rip him apart.
Below, the specters dug their filthy claws into his fur, trying to drag him into their hole. It all happened in seconds for everyone else, but Khalum had planned it all out. He dug his claws into Aldric's chest, stomped on those monsters' heads with powerful legs, spun in the air as Azarot's jaws came inches from his throat, and hurled him across the field. He slammed Aldric's body into Silas, who was charging with amassive scythe to slice him open. Damn it with these psychos!
And that was them not trying to kill him for real... or were ---- they? Drakkar suddenly wondered if that was the case. Meanwhile, Aldric was flying straight toward Silas. "Azarot, fuck, defense!"
###Chapter 1258
---- Suddenly, he was face-to-face with the edge of the Specter King's blade-literally. The scythe closed in on his neck. Red eyes stared suspiciously at the black ones of the Specter King. The wind howled, whipping the mangroves violently. "Silas, don't even think about it!" Aldric shouted, kicking him midair and leaping away from danger. The deadly whistle grazed some fur off his head. BAM! The tip of the weapon slammed into the ground. ---- "Hey, freak! You with me or against me?
Make up your damn mind!" Aldric shot Silas a death glare as soon as his paws hit the ground. "I'm in this alone." Silas raised a hand, pulling off half his ghostly mask and revealing his serious face. "I'll never be like you." He added, and Aldric couldn't believe what that smug bastard was saying. "Of course you're not like me, you wish you were!" He huffed, planning to take out one and kick the other's ass right after. A dominant black Lycan stood beside the man in the dark armor.
Both stared across the field at the beast even bigger than Beof. ---- Khalum snarled back at them, jaws wide open, ready to roar. "I just wanted to ask a question, you jealous old geezers' Khalum spoke-already walking on clouds and mocking the " old men" who hadn't even begun to form in their fathers' balls. "Did you just call me old, you disrespectful brat?!" Aldric was the first to lose his temper. Yeah, the kid was bigger-so what?
He wasn't afraid of him, and they clashed like two speeding trains. The ground of the main island shook, and sleep was no longer an option for anyone. "The ancient mummy here is your father-in-law!" Silas smirked at the uncensored insults flying from the Lycan King. Didn't matter who he aimed at. But for once, they were on the same side-accidentally. ---- Just picturing his innocent Ly being groped by that grabby wolf made him want to kill. BAM! SWING! BOOM!
Trees shook, and animals ran for their lives. Explosions struck everywhere. Some stray blasts hit Aldric... totally by accident. "Silas, I know you're doing it on purpose!" 2
###Chapter 1259
---- 172. TWO AGAINST TWO NARRATOR Aldric's muscular arms locked in a test of strength against Khalum's. Their paws sank into the ground, but neither gave in, snarling like beasts, biting at each other hard enough to tear off flesh. Khalum stood still, trapped under Grandpa's assault, and felt the danger looming above his head. Silas leapt into the air, mist swirling around him, half his face covered in cursed runes, his expression deadly...
Gripping the scythe over his head like a true messenger of death. His black cloak flapped with the wind, and Khalum realized he'd walked straight into a trap. They didn't look like they worked together, but yeah-they'd clearly teamed up to take him down. He was about to lose to them! ---- "NO ONE'S TAKING MY LYRA AWAY FROM ME!" Beast mode: on. BOOM! The tip of the massive scythe shattered on impact with a green energy shield that burst from Khalum's body.
It launched Silas several meters away-he landed on a tree branch like a damn cat. He stared at the black fragments scattered in the wind. No one had ever broken his cursed summoned weapon like that. Aldric, hit by the wave of energy, was frozen in place. Damn it, he couldn't move! He wrestled with his own body, yelling at his muscles to react. "AZAROT, MOVE YOUR ASS ALREADY!" "You think I'm not trying?!
Fuck this brat's strength!" ---- Khalum could control beasts-and Aldric, even being a son of the Goddess, the most powerful lycan in his realm, still had an animal side. Others might take longer to break free, maybe even drop to their knees under the pressure-but not the Lycan King. The blast had pushed him a few meters back, and Khalum stared him down, but Aldric only needed one second to snap out of it. Still, he knew: in a real fight, against someone this lethal, a second meant death.
Khalum didn't want to take things that far-they could already hear their women scolding them in their minds. They hadn't even washed their asses yet and were about to get dragged down by the hair like misbehaving pups. "I don't wanna fight anymore!" Drakkar roared-he didn't want to piss Lyra off. Lesson learned. Next time, he'd pick his questions more carefully. Aldric was about to say this wasn't over yet, but Silas beat ---- him to it.
###Chapter 1260
---- His dark side was stirring, testing... Just how strong was his son-in-law, the little savage? "You didn't waste any time putting a pup in my daughter. Now deal with the consequences." Silas was talking more than usual-and that was never a good sign. "Seriously, Silas?" Aldric wanted to smash that smug face. "You're talking about knocking someone else's daughter up?" The Lycan King had already shaken off Khalum's power.
He locked his red eyes on the tree where his cocky son-in- law sat like some superior being. "I'm this close to siding with Drakkar," he muttered. Silas didn't answer. Didn't even flinch. The same guy who'd scored a damn three-pointer with Sigrid on day one. ---- "Let's end this. The females are coming," said the Specter King, raising his hand. Everyone tensed again as the final clash began. eee Needless to say, above the tree huts nearby, the swamp dwellers were watching like kids at a show.
Among them, Hakon and King Cedrick had returned from hunting, just in time for this spectacle. I mean, what man doesn't get hyped over a good fight? "And you say I'm the uncivilized savage," Hakon muttered, standing next to his King. Of all the wolf packs in the Continent, the swamp one was the wildest and most primal. "What? I'm betting on Aldric," Cedrick said, weighing the odds.
Sure, that other guy, Drakkar, was insanely strong and huge, but Aldric had way more combat experience-you could tell by the way he was slowly wearing him down. ---- Still, Cedrick had forgotten about the white-haired guy who nearly wiped out his entire realm. "Damn it! What's that psycho trying to pull in my swamp?! Hakon was starting to sweat when he saw several black circles appear around Khalum.
They looked like tar pits suspended in midair, and from them emerged bony hands, then shadowy heads. Specters the same size as Khalum-or maybe even bigger! If those things fully crossed into this piece of land, his poor swamp was doomed! The ground was already cracking, deep fissures spreading fast. Were these guys not family?! And now they were trying to kill each other?! "I don't even know anymore...
fuck it, anyone could win," Cedrick muttered, rubbing his short beard, relaxed because-for once-this shitshow wasn't his problem. ---- But things changed in an instant when someone else joined the party. "On second thought... I think I'm betting on... AIDAN!" He roared in shock as he saw his son descending from the skies. 2
###Chapter 1261
---- 173. I'M SORRY BUT I'M IN A HURRY NARRATOR "Dad, stay out of it!" Aidan shouted, guessing Cedrick's intentions, who wasn't chuckling anymore. The massive ice wings reflected sunlight like multicolored crystals. BAM! A bluish light filled with snowflakes exploded, blinding them all. Silas and Aldric jumped back, on alert. The angry shrieks of the specters followed quickly. They'd been caught in the holes from which they had emerged. A thick layer of ice had trapped them halfway out.
Aidan stood next to Khalum and gripped the massive frozen ---- sword, nearly as big as he was. "Sorry to interrupt your fight, but I'm in a rush to win my woman's hand," he said to Drakkar, who suddenly looked at him with interest. "I've got some questions, if you can answer them, I'll team up with you." Drakkar responded, thinking Aidan looked like a seasoned guy. "Deal," Aidan said, not realizing he had just sealed an immoral pact, full of questions not meant for kids.
Aidan Walker, if you're so eager to get hit, I've got no problem with that! Aldric was already cracking his knuckles again. Silas stared at his own portals, eyebrows lowering further. He was playing around... he really didn't want to kill his daughters' mates... but those punks were dangerous. He had shut down all their slots. But just as he was about to teach them a lesson... ---- "Silas, your daughters are nervous.
Love, we don't need more specters, right?" Sigrid's voice floated into his mind. "You're more like dad every damn day!" Touché, that hit him right in the pride. Silas looked toward the crowd where his females were watching the fight. They didn't want to step in again, they weren't in their own realm. They always ended up looking like they were ruled by their women, and the guys making fools of themselves was more than enough.
"Daddy, I'm not pregnant yet!" Lyra shouted, thinking her mate had no filter. "It's just that Drakkar wanted to take care of me in the future!" she added, biting her nails. She could already imagine the blunt words coming from her wild boy. She'd be the one yanking his ears for talking about their ---- intimacy-especially in front of her dad and grandpa! "Dad, Aidan just wants to prove he's a worthy male," Nyx also defended her man.
They had just arrived and Aidan rushed in like a madman to test his strength. "Father, I swear, things with Aidan happened just like I told you. Nyx added pleadingly. She had already explained why she'd been so anxious when the portal opened Silas sighed, and his eyes began to glow again. Truth was, he wasn't backing down out of kindness. It was because Sigrid had just given him the scolding of the century in secret. She threatened that if he kept acting like a jerk...
she'd cut him off from sex for a month. Awhole month!
###Chapter 1262
---- What kind of cruel, inhuman torture was that?! + He looked up to the sky, where the dark veil was forming and red eyes peeked behind the mist, baring their teeth. But the master was closing the giant portal he was about to open to summon them... ?Damn it, what a boring life of malice!? So the Specter King backed out without even warning his. father-in-law, who was burning with rage. "Show me what you got, ice boy!" Footsteps thundered as he lunged at Aidan.
"Don't think I'll go easy on you just because your dad's my friend!" 'AIDAN, SMASH THE LYCAN KING! SHOW HIM WHAT WE'RE MADE OF!" Cedrick's roar cut through the circle of spectators forming around them. Raven facepalmed, just like Valeria always did. ---- All the crazies had gathered. Even Alpha Drakmor Ignacio and his family were growling encouragement to Aidan from the trees. Their relationships had improved.
Drakkar stayed in place, backing up while the mighty ice lycan faced off against the fierce Azarot. The island rumbled, and several trees toppled when the titans collided. Raven was worried about her son, but Cedrick acted like Aidan's coach. Shouting out all kinds of moves to beat Nyx's grandpa. "Shut up, Cedrick!" Aldric growled. "What the hell are you feeding that pup of yours?!" Cedrick burst out laughing, proud that his son wasn't getting his ass kicked in a humiliating way.
The ground looked like a war zone, and meanwhile, Drakkar just kept an eye on Silas, standing back. ---- The portals were closed, and the specters had stopped screeching like maniacs. What was that man up to? How the hell did Lyra come from someone so... dark? Golden eyes locked onto him... the tension rising again. The swamp folk were already rolling out barrels of beer and even sausages. I It was still morning, and there was already booze and fighting. What more could you ask for?
"You're not getting away this time with your little ice shield!" Aldric, going full savage, punched Aidan's wall of ice so hard, it shattered on impact. The shards flew through the air, shocking everyone-even Aidan. That spell had stopped several powerful Drakmors... ---- How the hell did this old man break through it like that? "DON'T LOSE FOCUS, AIDAN!"
###Chapter 1263
---- 174. FAMILY REUNION NARRATOR Cedrick shouted at his son. Aidan's blue pupils narrowed on the beast cutting through the icy mist, coming to tear a piece off him. With a feral roar, the ice lycan lunged head-on again, but in just a blink, something stopped the fight completely. Surprisingly, this time it wasn't the women. A structure rose between them, emerging from the ground. It looked like tangled roots forming a gate, but if you looked closely, they weren't roots-they were arms.
Aidan and Cedrick both hit it with full force. With the kind of destructive energy they were carrying, it should've turned to pulp... yet the wall of flesh held its ground "What the hell?" Aidan thought, feeling grossed out by the grotesque thing. ---- He looked up, even more surprised. Standing atop the massive structure... was a man. His aura smelled like... blood. Black hair. Blood-red killer eyes. "Aldric, if you're done playing, I need the family's help...
I found a portal to Victoria." 1 The Lycan King went serious right away. No more fights for fun-this was bigger. "Let's talk," he told Zarek, stepping back. The structure made of arms sank back down into the swampy ground. "Shit, that thing was buried in my pack's territory?" Hakon scratched his head, totally confused. "You're such an idiot, Hakon," Cedrick muttered, walking over to his son. It had to be some weird-ass power, like everything that ---- family did.
"By the way, you don't need to worry about the sorcerers' army," Zarek's magnetic voice was heard. "I slaughtered them all," he told Aldric before walking toward the Selenias. "Aldric, what the fuck did he mean by that?" Cedrick asked, baffled. "Exactly what you heard, my friend. He just robbed you of the pleasure of kicking those arrogant bastards' asses." The lycan walked past him, patting his shoulder. "By the way, your kid is strong.
But if he makes my granddaughter cry again, I'll rip off his crown jewels. Just so you know." He warned him, heading over to Drakkar. "Pft, try it if you can," Cedrick replied, damn proud of his boy. He went to Aidan, who was now being checked by Raven and Nyx. Meanwhile, Aldric walked past Drakkar. ---- "You and I will talk seriously later about who told you about the knot," he muttered through clenched teeth.
Drakkar wasn't about to snitch on his informant But the Lycan King would bet his dick it was Fenrir. And he was probably also the one who told Drakkar to ask him directly. That damn son of his had been born just to get on his nerves. Aldric followed Zarek to the family meeting. Sigrid grabbed her toxic man and dragged him along by the arm like a dog on a leash. "Lovel" Lyra ran to her man to check if he was hurt. He had some scratches and bruises, like everyone else, but nothing serious.
"Ly, you should be resting. What if you're already carrying pups?" "Dummy mate," Lyra was lifted into the arms of that massive ---- beast.
###Chapter 1264
---- She looked like a little porcelain doll swallowed up in all that fur. "My love, for that you need several tries. Might take us years, centuries, I don't know..." she crushed his hopes just like that. She felt guilty when she saw his disappointed puppy eyes, but before she could comfort him... "Then we'll do it more times." "Wait-Drakkar, don't even think about it!" she yelled when she saw him take a step forward. "You wanna get me widowed?!
It took a lot to calm my dad down-let's behave, okay?" she bribed him. "And I'll give you rewards." "What kind of rewards?" Khalum instantly got interested, nuzzling her neck where her mark was. That was something they were supposed to talk about at ---- the family meeting-with her mom and grandma there! "You're learning fast, you cheeky little wolf," Lyra snorted. Sometimes she missed the Drakkar who thought you could only make love to a female from behind.
"Come on, let's get you changed and then go to the meeting. We'll see later." With everyone in agreement, within an hour they were already discussing how to force a path toward Victoria. sek "I can't open the portal, it's not just about a collapse." Zarek shared what he'd discovered, He had gotten every bit of info from that vampire, who had now become one of his undead. But he didn't mention the disturbing part about Victoria's little stunts.
He planned to confirm everything face to face with her. For her own good, he hoped half the romantic stuff was a lie. ---- But Zarek didn't even know the half of it. "The portals on this continent are physical-like caves or actual pathways, not the magical ones you guys create," Aidan jumped in. "But you can create them with magic too," Lavinia replied. She and Laziel had arrived during the fight, now watching from the shadows, entertained. When she saw Aidan, Lavinia walked a little closer.
Only she had witnessed the man's pain and the soul- shattering screams when he lost his mate. She was truly happy about his second chance with Nyx. "As far as I know, only my magic can tear the cracks open, but it's extremely difficult. I've tried so many times," he admitted. He had no idea how she knew about his power, but the sorceress's kind eyes seemed to speak to him. Where had they met?
---- "Looks like the last fragment of the Heart is in the realm where Victoria fell," Zarek added, based on what the vampire told him. "I believe if we combine our magics, and we know exactly where the portal is, we'll be able to unlock it," Lavinia said confidently. Sitting beside Laziel, she felt his hand squeezing around her waist. The discussion went on, but her mind was no longer in that room. "If you keep looking at Nyx's mate like that, I'm gonna get jealous, Lavi."
###Chapter 1265
---- 175. A PERVERTED PRINCE IN MY ROOM NARRATOR Laziel's magnetic voice echoed in her mind, and his cold lips pressed against her ear. Lavinia's entire body shivered at his closeness. She knew damn well that Laziel understood the root of her interest in Aidan. That it was nothing but compassion. "And what if I do get jealous?" Lavinia turned her face slightly. Her lips hovered just inches from Laziel's, from that sexy face that drove her insane.
The golden glint in his pupils sparkled as he stared at her deeply. Like a beast about to devour her. "Baby, you have no idea what kind of punishment I've got for ---- you. I love when you misbehave." Lavinia's pussy grew wet, flooded with all the filthy images Laziel was sending through her mind. His hand slid slowly down her back, hidden from everyone's view. Squeezing, caressing her. "Laziel, stop it already..." "Sshh... I can smell your seduction.
Tell me, do I need to drag you out of this boring meeting?" "Lavinia, what do you think of that method?" "Huh?" The sorceress's face turned redder than a tomato when she was suddenly questioned. What the hell would she know about any method, when all her horny mind could think about was Silas's son's huge cock? ... umm... I think..." -she pinched Laziel's thigh. ---- "I can help her. It'll be fine," the specter prince answered confidently, not even blinking.
His stoic face showed not a hint of the steamy conversation he was having with his partner. Everyone seemed convinced. Silas narrowed his eyes suspiciously at him. Who the hell was this specter his son had dragged out of his realm? 1 Between groping, plotting, and half-serious talk, they decided that the next day, they'd go full-force through the portal. see Leaving the rustic hall, Silas stopped in front of Aidan, giving him a cold look. Aidan didn't back down. "Sir, I love your daughter, and despite how we started, I'm willing to do whatever it takes to make her happy," he said from the heart.
###Chapter 1266
---- In any case, it had been more respectful than Silas's own introduction to the Lycan King. "I'll just say this-if you make her cry again..." "Ahem..." -Sigrid's "accidental" cough came from nearby. Silas frowned even harder. "I'll give you one chance, just one... don't waste it," he said gruffly. Silas turned around without adding anything else. He matched Aidan's ice, but at least he gave in. Sigrid offered a warm smile and nodded before taking her deadly poison of a man by the arm.
The prince finally felt at peace. Aidan knew how important this was for Nyx-that's why he followed the protocol. But if her father refused to give her to him... he was ready to steal her. ---- "Thank you, my love." Feminine arms wrapped around his waist from behind, and a kiss landed on his broad back. As he turned to embrace and kiss her, he felt like everything had been worth it just to have her. Nyx was his second chance at happiness, and this time, he'd protect her with his life.
eek That day, poor Alpha Hakon finally got his swamp cleared out. "Send my daughters back already, damn it!" -he shouted at his King as they left in the carriages. He held his Beta Centuria by the waist, watching the group ride away. They missed their twin girls-and it was better they stayed far away from the madness of those royal families. Little did Hakon know what headaches were coming his way.
1 ---- ceeees Meanwhile, Nyx waved goodbye from the window to little " Charcoal," who whimpered at her mother's feet. She watched her sadly from between the trees. "Goodbye, little one. Be good. I'll see you in a few days," Nyx promised her, hearing the roar of the Drakmor female. They were heading back to their mountain in the Beastmen's continent. Now, reconciled with Prince Aidan and the werewolves.
With that cursed stone gone and no more threats to her daughter, she had decided to give Ignacio and his Drakmor clan another chance. Besides, the Beastmen's Continent was now ruled by Queen Zeraphina the Lioness, and the alliances with Cedrick were still in place. All that was left for the Alpha King was to subdue the sorcerers. From now on, the werewolves would have full control over ---- them.
###Chapter 1267
---- That night, Alpha King Cedrick's palace was lively. Even Princess Amber, who wasn't feeling well from the pregnancy, came down to eat at the enormous dinner table. Under the soft light, between jokes, toasts, and stories, the realms were drawing closer. But at night, when everyone seemed to be asleep, a shadow moved through the halls. Aidan snuck out of his room They had put Nyx as far from him as possible, as if that would stop him from wanting to be intimate with his mate.
He was finally free to love her the way he'd always wanted. Aidan slipped out a window, flowing through the night like a cold breeze. He entered through the open balcony doors of her room. The prince crept in through the dark, trying to surprise her- but the one surprised was him. ---- A silhouette moved beneath the white sheets. Wet, rhythmic sounds filled the dimly lit room. Wolf eyes narrowed on the woman against the pillows.
Wearing one of his freshly washed white shirts, unbuttoned in front. Her soft breasts nearly spilling out, her tight belly trembling, and below... that delicate mound of Venus. Her legs were spread open, and Aidan could see everything in detail. Nyx's hand was buried between her slick petals, glistening with arousal. She was fingering herself nonstop, squirming on the bed with a lustful expression. "Aidan..." she moaned softly, biting her lower lip.
His Selenia was masturbating while thinking of him-and if his cock didn't get hard watching that, he might as well be a saint ---- And Aidan was many things... but innocent wasn't one of them. With a wolfish look and his burning desire, he took one step . then another... Licking his lips as his hand reached down to stroke his erect cock. That virgin rose was screaming to be deflowered, and he was dying to be her gardener.
###Chapter 1268
---- 176. SEX EDUCATION NYX I listened to the lively conversations during dinner, but my mind wasn't paying attention to the words. Under the table, Aidan's cold, masculine hand was caressing my thigh. It started off as playful teasing, but sparks seemed to fly every time our skin touched. His wolves were calling to me, heating up my soul... and other things too. The fabric of my dress wrinkled as his hand slid up slowly, gripping my thigh, slipping shamelessly between my legs.
I grabbed my wine glass and tried to play it cool, even though I was trembling. I didn't dare look at him, but I could feel his intense gaze devouring me. Goddess, I wish I were braver. ---- Even Lyra, the one everyone thinks is so innocent, got fucked before I did. "Monn..." I moaned, nearly choking on my sip of wine. His groping had found its way to my most intimate spot, rubbing slowly up and down against my sex. "Spread your legs a little," he whispered in my ear.
His icy breath sent goosebumps down my spine. "Aidan, no..." "It's just a game, baby... no one will know," he growled in my mind. I turned slightly, meeting those eyes, dark with desire. Thank the stars for the dim lighting in the dining room and that my family was too distracted with his. I parted my legs a little, letting him stroke my pussy through the fabric. He pressed his fingers and the roughness of my panties rubbed deliciously against my clit. ---- "Sshh...
damn, you get wet so fast, baby." 1 His excited growls in my head made me blush, setting my blood on fire. I swallowed my moans with more wine and closed my eyes as erotic tremors twisted in my belly. But just as things were getting good, Aidan pulled his hand away and growled in frustration. His lips pressed softly to my neck and my heart skipped a beat. "I can't wait for us to be alone. The men in your family are a pain in the ass." He sat up straight, and I sneaked a look across the table.
My body tensed when I saw my father's narrowed eyes. Damn it, this is the downside of being the last virgin. Nobody's watching over Lyra anymore, and she's thrilled, snuggling her wild mate. "They can't keep you under guard forever. You're mine, ---- beautiful Selenia." His words seduced me. "Oh, so now that you want into my bed, you've stopped calling me a witch?" I smirked, reminding him of our first encounters. "I want into your bed and between your legs, so I better not screw it up this time."
###Chapter 1269
---- He winked shamelessly, making me chuckle. I watched him grab my plate to serve me roast beef before handing it over. Butterflies fluttered in my stomach-no point denying it. I'd never seen this side of Aidan before. The sweet and sexy version. The one who laughs and seems to glow with happiness. Our beginning had been nothing but a mess of guilt and pain. I wanted to match his boldness, but the truth is... I'm not ---- that seductive. I've got a lot to learn-need to stop being so stiff.
And speaking of learning, dinner ended pretty late. The women dragged me off to a library for some girl talk. The men headed to another room for drinks. Servants came and went with trays full of snacks. They chatted about opening another magical gateway to the castle. My mom, grandma, and... well, my mother-in-law-I need to get used to saying that-were talking like lifelong friends. Honestly, that was a huge relief for me.
I drifted over to the fireplace when someone suddenly grabbed my hand and pulled me onto the balcony. A flash of red hair hit my face-Amber... my sister-in-law. "Amber, are you okay?" I asked, noticing how serious she looked. "No, no, the pregnancy's going fine," she whispered quickly. ---- That made me happy, especially since I'd been feeling a little guilty. So much had happened, I forgot to check on her, and I figured she already knew, so I didn't want to pry.
"Here, keep this safe." She pulled a small book from her skirt pocket and placed it in my hands. "What is this?" "Something that might help you... I heard you were a virgin." "What?!" My voice came out sharper than I meant. I glanced back inside, but no one seemed to notice us. My first instinct was to kill my mate. "It wasn't Aidan who told me," she clarified. "I... our moms and your grandma talking." Damn those gossiping old women.
It's not like I'm ashamed of being a virgin, but I don't need it ---- stamped on my forehead either. "And this book?" I looked at it without opening it. It looked well-used. "It belonged to our Priestess. I... I stole it to learn, but that was a long time ago!" she confessed, anxious. This had to be one of the most awkward conversations of my life... and I've worked in Madam's brothel. "I know Aidan's going to treat you right, but there's some really useful stuff in there for us girls...
you know, to help with the nerves." She squeezed my hand like she was sending her daughter off to war and left. I stood there a bit stunned, the night breeze ruffling my hair. I opened the first pages and the super explicit illustrations and explanations made me slam it shut immediately. What the hell, Amber? She always seemed so sweet. Is there anyone normal in this giant family?
###Chapter 1270
---- 177. CAUGHT RED-HANDED NYX I hid the little sex book and went back to socializing, but my mind couldn't stop thinking about those filthy images. And how badly I wanted to try them with my mate... yeah, I'm not exactly "normal" either. That night, they gave me a room far from the royal chambers. I knew damn well my grandfather had his claws in that decision. Honestly, I didn't see the point in being guarded so much, but that's just how they were.
They always seemed to need an excuse to argue all day. They tried the same thing with Lyra, but since she already had the "knot" shoved in her throat, there was no point pretending she was innocent anymore. As I followed behind the maid leading me to my room, I caught sight of Aidan talking to his father on the landing of ---- the first floor. Through the stairs, our eyes locked. "Sleep well, my love," he said sweetly in my mind, and I answered the same.
I kept walking, but I confess-my chest ached with a tiny stab of disappointment. What did I expect him to say? "Wait for me with your panties down and ready to be deflowered"? I guess... yeah, I kind of wanted that. For him to break the rules, to take what I was dying to give him. Maybe he's not ready for that step? Am I being too pushy? He... maybe he still remembers her. Maybe he feels guilty... "This is your room, Miss Nyx." The maid's voice pulled me out of my existential spiral.
"Oh, thank you," I replied automatically, noticing the basket in her hands. ---- A breeze drifted through an open window at the end of the hallway, and a delicious scent hit my nose. It was coming from one of the clean clothes in the basket- Aidan's shirt, I was sure. BAM! "Oh, Goddess," she muttered as she dropped the basket on a chair and ran to close the window that was swinging wildly. My eyes were glued to the basket.
Before I could think twice about how perverted I was being, I snatched Aidan's shirt and slipped into the room, shutting the door. My stiff back pressed against the wood. What shame... she'll totally notice! I clutched the shirt tight, thinking of some excuse in case she knocked and asked. But I heard her pick up the basket and walk away down the hall. ---- I hadn't even realized I was holding my breath until I let out a long sigh. Bathed in the room's dim light, I brought the shirt to my nose.
Inhaled the scent of pine, snowy woods... winter. I purred like a cat as arousal washed over me. Damn it, I was worse than a she-wolf in heat. My magic stirred restlessly, calling out to his. Trying to cool down the flood of lustful thoughts, I decided to take a nice long bath. I walked to the luxurious bathroom and saw the tub already filled. Undressed slowly, and even the brush of fabric made me shiver. I plunged my horny mind into the water and stayed there a while.
But why fight the inevitable? I ended up wearing my mate's shirt and curiosity got the better of me-I opened the little red book.
###Chapter 1271
---- I turned off the lights-too embarrassed to see my own reflection in the massive mirror. One thing led to another, and those vivid illustrations fueled my imagination. Memories of everything Aidan did to me in the woods... how I sucked his cock, his taste, his hands, his kisses... "Aidan..." I moaned, legs spread wide. The book's pages were scattered across the messy bed. My finger deep inside my trembling folds, imagining it was him touching me.
I was so lost in my heat, I didn't notice I wasn't alone in the room anymore. A low growl froze me in place. I opened my eyes and met glowing red wolf eyes cutting through the darkness. A huge, dangerous figure approached the foot of the bed. "Don't stop, baby. Show me how you touch yourself thinking of me..." ---- "A... Aidan... I..." "Ssshh, no words. Keep going..." he ordered in that dominant Alpha tone. His eyes-those were Vlad's eyes. A few moonbeams lit up his face.
My gaze trailed down his body. He yanked his shirt open, exposing his muscular chest. His abs were tight, and his hand was gripping the bulge of his hard cock straining against his pants. A few buttons undone, almost letting that red tip peek out- and my greedy eyes locked on it. I swallowed hard, already getting even wetter. My finger slid lower between my slick folds, and I moaned softly, teasing my clit, then circling back.
He was devouring me with his gaze, and I shamelessly spread my legs wider for him. Shivers of sinful delight ran through my veins. ---- I loved seeing his wolf rage just beneath the surface, the tension in his muscles, the intoxicating smell of his pheromones. He wanted me. "Put it in... deeper... sshh... don't make me say it again..." he growled with his fangs bared, wild and untamed. "Aahmm..." I bit my lip as my middle finger slid inside me. Wrapped in trembling folds and dripping wet.
Over and over I thrust, rocking my hips like a little slut, showing him what he did to me. I obeyed his every command, like a good student. I pinched my nipples, cupped my breasts, and moaned his name between dirty strokes. But I wanted more-and so did he. "Come here. We'll give you your reward for being such a good girl." He licked those massive wolfish fangs, his face full of raw ---- lust. I crawled toward him across the bed.
I was so drunk on desire I didn't even catch the fact that he said 'we'll give you'--which means... more than one?
###Chapter 1272
---- 178. I WANT TO BE YOUR WOMAN NYX Arough hand grabbed my chin the moment I leaned over the edge of the bed and forced me to sit up on my knees. Fingers wrapped around my waist and pulled me toward him. I watched his mouth lower and offered him mine. His delicious lips moved with a passionate rhythm. One hand gripped my ass, the other fondled my breast, teasing the sensitive areola. "Mmnn..." I moaned under his touch. He devoured me so intensely I could barely breathe.
Suddenly, he lifted me up. Aidan sat at the edge of the bed with me on top, my back pressed to his chest. My legs ended up in a ridiculously shameless position. ---- Wide open, with him holding my thighs in the air. "Baby, this..." "Shh, someone's dying to lick up all that horny juice." I shivered at the growl in my ear, but my attention instantly shifted to the presence stepping out of the shadows. My magical soul twisted in delight like a spoiled little girl.
I blushed as those piercing blue eyes locked onto my bare pussy. Step by step, another "Aidan" approached the bed. But I knew exactly who he was. When did Aidan release Theo? "Nyx... I want you." His hoarse voice melted into my thoughts, thick with lust. I saw him kneel on the carpet between my open legs-I couldn't close them even if I wanted to, Aidan had total control over me. ---- He was offering me to his magical side like some sinful sacrifice.
That beautiful face came close to mine and licked my lips- sensual and innocent. I opened my mouth for him, and he slipped inside, kissing me slow and deep. The difference between him and the experienced Aidan was obvious. Still, every part of this man, every version of him, felt completely original to me. Theo's wet kisses trailed down my chin and neck. His cold hands opened my shirt and grabbed my breasts, squeezing the tender flesh.
He sucked my nipples, making me twist with pleasure and moan louder. "Turn your head," Vlad's wolfish voice whispered in my ear. I obeyed and was kissed hard by the Aidan behind me.
###Chapter 1273
---- While my mouth was being invaded and devoured, Theo reached my pussy-open and glistening just for him. "Aah..." The moan got lost against Aidan's lips. I felt Theo's tongue lick up and down, circling my clit, and his sharp canines brushing my lips below. "Spread her open with your fingers... see that tiny slit? Lick it slow... touch that hard little button... yeah... in circles... mmnn .. careful with your teeth..." Aidan's filthy thoughts flooded my mind. I felt everything.
The desire roared inside me. He was teaching Theo how to drive me crazy. "Push your tongue in slow... ahh, fuck, she's soaked... deeper, Theo... in and out... mmnnn... don't forget to rub her clit." "Mmmm... Aahh..." My hips rolled as I ground my ass against the hard cock nestled between my cheeks. My back arched, my hips rocked forward desperately. ---- They had me trapped between them. Aidan licked my neck again and again, biting, kissing, claiming me.
I knew Vlad was pushing him to mark me... to cover me in his scent. "Wait, baby..." I begged as that tongue slid faster and deeper. My clit pulsed under his relentless finger. I was burning up with pleasure, sweating, legs trembling in the air. "Suck her harder, Theo... damn it, yeah, yeah, she's about to cum... fuck, so much juice, baby... delicious... sshhh..." My head was spinning-I didn't even know who was speaking anymore. Theo, Vlad, Aidan... their voices blurred.
That deep, beastly growl pushed me over the edge, and my virgin body couldn't take it anymore. I screamed into Aidan's mouth as the spasms hit me, wave ---- after wave crashing through my belly. My thighs locked tight. My folds clenched around that eager tongue, his mouth feasting on my pussy like a starved man. I shut my eyes and gave in to the ecstasy. Goddess... that was so fucking good... I want more...
eee When I finally caught my breath, I felt soft kisses on my neck, and others along my inner thigh. I reached down and tangled my fingers in Theo's cool hair. Right now, the only difference between them were the eyes- Theo's were blue, Aidan's blood red like his wolf Vlad. "You two are incredible..." I panted, stroking their faces, feeling their love. "And we haven't even gotten to the best part," Aidan whispered, making me shiver. "Both of you?" A hint of fear crept in.
###Chapter 1274
---- Of course I wanted it-I wasn't about to pretend to be some virgin saint-but damn, those cocks were real. No magic tricks. I heard their low laughter, even Vlad's. All our thoughts were connected, all our souls tangled. "Baby... I don't really know how to make love..." Theo said, regretful, as he stood up. That thick cock was now right in front of my face and I swallowed, suddenly thirsty. "I don't want to hurt you," he told me, leaning down to kiss me.
I shamelessly tasted myself on his lips. "Theo, get the fuck back already. You got your turn for being the first to recognize her!" Vlad growled, clearly annoyed. I smiled-it felt like I had three mates. "l'lllearn from Aidan... next time, I'm going to ride you." ---- That bold magic whispered before flashing me a sexy smile that melted me. He shimmered and returned to Aidan. The next thing I knew, I was lying on the bed again, my strong Alpha over me. "I'm feeling jealous...
do you want Theo to take your virginity?" He looked at me with a frown, his nose brushing mine. "And what if I say yes?" I dared him. "Sshh... that only gets you punished, baby..." he growled, sucking on my upper lip. He shifted between my legs and pulled off his shirt. Mine had disappeared long ago. "Shame... you were being such a good girl..." he smirked. " We'll save that punishment for later." Goddess, this seductive and perverted side of Aidan was killing me.
---- I didn't even know what to say... my mind screamed: Punishment, punishment, please! I was completely hypnotized by this man, and when he pulled off his pants and started stroking his cock right in front of me, I got wet down to my soul. Aidan climbed back on top of me, my legs wide open for him. His massive body towered over mine, his breath mingled with mine. I hissed when the flushed tip slid across my opening-just a breath away from making me his woman.
###Chapter 1275
---- 179.1 WANT TO MARK YOUR HEART NYX He starts kissing me, leaning on one elbow, while his other hand slips between my pussy lips. I know exactly what's coming. And even though I'm aching to finally be his, a sudden wave of fear hits me. I remember the size of his cock, those throbbing veins, the thickness... and I wonder how much it'll hurt when he enters me. "Breathe, honey, you're hyperventilating," his gentle voice cuts through my thoughts. "Baby, trust me... we've stretched you enough...
it'll just hurt for a moment... a bit of discomfort... don't ever stop looking at me." His eyes lock with mine. My hands cling to his tense back, sweat running between our bodies. "I love you so much.... I want to give you so much pleasure... mmmn..." he starts pushing in slowly. His words are honey, and his delicious kisses distract me. He nudges the head inside, and I feel the pressure. ---- "shh... your pussy's so wet, baby... ah, fuck, so good... mmm..
you're driving me crazy, my Selenia.." "Abh.." I tense up as he slides in deeper, Aidan pulls out and eases back in, soft and slow-he's clearly holding back, his whole body straining. "Nyx, look at me... always look at me, baby... only me..." I get lost in the flicker of those beautiful pupils. Snowflakes begin to fall over the bed and my heart races, ove this man. I want him to take me, to mark me... His mouth devours mine as Aidan finally pushes past the last barrier.
"Aahhh," I scream into his mouth. He thrusts forward, impaling me with that huge, hard cock. More than half slips in and a sharp pain shoots through my core. The scent of my blood spreads between our gasps and his growls. He gives me just a few seconds to breathe, then starts moving again. Deeper and deeper, sliding inside me. ---- Our fluids mix and ease the way. I cling to him, to his thoughts in my mind, to the slow rhythm of his hips. The pain shifts into a dull ache.
His cock sinks all the way in- feel his full balls slap against my ass. A shudder runs through me from head to toe, pleasure flooding my senses, I'm getting used to it, and soon I'm craving harder thrusts. "Ssshhh... grrrr... oh fuck yes... yes... baby, you're so damn tight... mmmnn, I love this pussy, baby... sshhh... you're mine, Nyx. Only mine..." Filthy words fall from his lips, his hands roaming every inch of my skin. He bites my breasts, sucks my nipples, his hips grinding deep and fast.
The room fills with wet sounds and moans. The bed shakes under our bodies. I let him mount me like his bitch, lost in his increasingly feral ---- growls. The wolf's desire howls inside him. He rises between my legs and grips my waist. I see him in the flickering shadows and light-sweating, growling, losing himself in me. Fierce and aroused, his magic pulses in his chest, tangled with mine, "Ah, ah, ah... Aidan... I can't... aahhh," my ass lifts off the bed, arching toward him.
 Read Full Novel → 
###Chapter 1276
---- My toes curl. I meet every thrust. My fists grip the soaked sheets Aidan fucks me like a beast in heat. His red pupils never stop devouring me. I lose myself in his lust- crazed expression. I love it... ahhh... every time that cock hits just the right spot, I feel like I'm about to cum. His fingers go to my clit, rubbing mercilessly, pinching and teasing that hard little button "Aidan!" I scream in his mind, my pussy right on the edge. But he stops fucking me, grabs me and flips me around.
I fall on all fours. ---- Before I can protest, he drives back inside, making me scream. The cold surrounds us-the whole room is frozen, walls and ceiling alike We're deep inside his magical realm, where no one can separate us. My chest drops to the mattress, and I feel his heavy body press into my back. "I, Aidan Walker, a broken and shattered man, beg you on my knees to accept me as your mate. My beloved Nyx, you are more than I deserve, more than I ever dreamed of.
My soul calls for you, and only you can heal my wounds." I hear the hoarse words and can't hold back the tears. Of course I want this... I've always wanted it.. "I, Nyx Von Carstein, accept you as my mate. I will care for your heart, your life, I will treasure all your love. The wolf, the magic, and the man... they're all mine, for all eternity." With those words, we sealed our bond. Vlad's emotional how! shook me to my core, and Theo curled around my magic.
---- Aidan's hand clamped around my chin, controlling me the way wolves love to. He licked my neck over and over, growling against my skin. He fucked me like a madman, my soaked pussy welcoming that thick cock that kept swelling inside me. Fluids ran down my inner thighs, my mind flashing with bursts of color. His hand went to my mouth just as his fangs sank deep into my neck, I screamed, eyes rolling back. It hurt-but in that raw, addictive way. Like I craved the pain.
The idea of his mark on my skin, his scent on me, of taking his wild knot swollen at the base of his cock, unlocked something primal in me. I exploded in a devastating orgasm-but it also shattered the limits of my magical soul. Aidan and I had too much chemistry, and I hadn't been careful enough. Something roared inside me, expanding like chains bursting from within, wrapping around him. ---- Binding him to me, following my instinct to mark him as mine.
I was losing control, I didn't even realize what I'd done until I heard his roar of pain behind me. The scent of his blood. Golden sparks flashing in the ice. And that horrifying vision... A black hand gripping Aidan's heart. "No, no, no!" Panic crashed over me as I realized... I had released the Selenia seal. I'd started the ceremony that marks my name on my mate's heart... a spell that could shatter it, kill him... And now I didn't know how to stop it.
 Read Full Novel → 
###Chapter 1277
---- 180. ONLY YOU CAN CARRY MY NAME AIDAN "AAGGRRR" A groan of pain escaped through my clenched teeth. My jaw was so tight the muscles pulsed, ready to burst. In a second, I went from ecstasy to agony, but it was a pain I was more than willing to bear. I never imagined Nyx would want to mark me from the very first time. Her father made it damn clear tonight that this was an honor very few Selenias granted... and now I understood why. A hoarse howl slipped from Vlad's lips.
looked up, Theo blazing in my pupils. That's when I saw her. Emerging from Nyx's back... the manifestation of my mate's Selenic magic. A dark entity, hooded, faceless-but I could feel it judging me, deciding whether I was worthy, if I deserved her... ---- The chains binding me turned golden, deadly, and they burned into my skin like molten iron Its hand, with razor-sharp black claws, started stretching toward me. "Aahhh!
No, go back, go back!" "DON'T STOP HER, NYX, DON'T FIGHT IT, MY LOVE!" I roared, throwing myself over her body, holding her tight. I knew she was calling in her mind for her mother, her grandmother, begging them to break the spell. She did it on instinct. But I wanted it. "You could die, Aidan... I don't want to! I can't watch you die!" she sobbed, struggling. "I won't die! Mark me as yours, Nyx. Brand my heart-I beg you, baby..." I shut my eyes and let all the love I had for her flow freely.
I isolated my pain so she wouldn't feel it through our mate bond. "Aidan..." her broken voice called to me. "Do it, baby. Have faith in your man." ---- I felt the exact moment she willingly gave herself to the ceremony. "He's mine! Don't you dare take him from me!" I heard her scream at the very embodiment of her magic. But that being had a judgment to pass. It had been unlocked- and no one would stop it, not even Nyx. "AAAHHH!" I roared inside my mind as the claws sank into my back.
My magical soul beat wildly, blood burst out of every pore. It lunged at me with no mercy. My whole body convulsed, and my wolf's aura exploded outward. I would endure-no matter what. Winter magic was my greatest weapon. As my primal spirit, my soul, was pulled from my body, I began freezing every wound, every collapsing artery. I trapped us both inside my winter realm, this frozen world where no one could steal my seal.
 Read Full Novel → 
###Chapter 1278
---- The claws reached the surface of my pulsing chest and started ---- to tattoo, slowly and deliberately, the name of my woman. Only three letters, Just a few strokes, and still it felt like eternity, Golden sparks exploded with each bloody curve and rune, every incantation. It used my own magic to merge the spell. Like a ravenous vortex, it drained my winter essence. I felt how, with each letter, Nyx's life and mine were tied in unbreakable knots of fate.
A pact of death and love-if she didn't exist, I didn't either. And I was more than grateful for that. I couldn't live without her. I wouldn't survive... not again. "AAAGGRRR!!!" I screamed in silence. My anchor was the tiny woman beneath me. Golden runes glowed on her skin. She was whispering spells that faded from my mind, too numb from pain. My blood spilled over her and soaked the sheets. ---- Everything was so vivid, so cruel... and so fucking incredible.
I never resisted, even as the gaping hole in my chest spread uncontrollably. Freezing the edges wasn't enough. I needed my heart-my life force was slipping away. The little winter magic I had left kept circulating; Theo moved like mad, feeding me power. My whole body turned pale, frozen, stiff-I could barely breathe. When consciousness began to fade and I clung to life with my wolf's claws, I finally felt a warm hand on my chin.
I was pulled up to my knees, eyes white, icy smoke escaping my pores. My head was lifted so far back I thought my neck might snap. That ethereal face, formless and terrifyingly beautiful, stared down at me. Its mouth drew closer to mine, barely visible under the hood. Such unbelievable, unique magic. Its power slammed into me, surrounded me, pulled me in... ---- ?You are mine, Aidan Walker. I find you worthy of my existence.
And when I return to the Goddess' embrace, I will cradle and protect this soul you've given me today? The words echoed in my mind. It was Nyx's voice, and something more... divine. That shadowy mouth pressed to mine, and the magic entered my body. I felt that hand again, diving into the hole in my chest and returning my magical heart. A heart that now felt heavier, bound by the same golden chains that were leaving my body. A soul etched with my mate's name.
I could see the glowing letters on the pulsing muscle: ?NYX? I gasped hard, coming back to life, blinking through the haze, panting Where blood had once poured, now I was drenched in sweat. The unbearable exhaustion was replaced by an endless surge of power. Theo howled, wild with joy, devouring that rush of energy ---- surging from our soul.
 Read Full Novel → 
###Chapter 1279
---- Vlad was panting too-he'd given me all his strength to pull this off together. "Fuck, that was close. I didn't feel your pulse for a moment," he told me silently. I shuddered, remembering when his roars vanished from my mind and all I felt was darkness. We were back in the frozen room, dimly lit and covered in frost. The illusion spell was over. The Selenia mark had been sealed. I wrapped Nyx's trembling body in my arms, kissing her nape endlessly.
My hand went to my chest, where the agonizing pain still lingered. But I smiled. Goddess... now I understood why it mattered so much. Every emotion of hers, every part of her soul-light and shadow- I could feel it now. She was quiet, not speaking. But I knew... she was still shaken. ---- "My Selenia... I love you, I love you so damn much," I whispered, holding her tight Slowly pulling out of her, where I'd been buried the whole time. Wet sounds echoed as our fluids mixed with low moans.
I thought of lying down, catching our breath after such an intense moment... but then- Nyx started crying, soft sobs that turned into panicked tears. "Baby, don't cry, my love. I'm okay. I passed the test, I'm alive." She curled up on me, clinging with desperate strength, and all I could do was comfort her. No matter what happened, I had no regrets. "I could've killed you! Aidan, I saw you... bleeding...
like a corpse stiff on my back!" Her hands trembled as she sat on my hips, wanting to touch my chest but hesitating. "Touch me, Nyx! Touch me, my Selenia!" I grabbed her hand and pressed it against the deep scar left behind. ---- There was a strange shape carved into my left pec-like a secret rune only the two of us knew "Aidan..." her voice broke. "I lost control... I didn't mean to put you through that." "Still... I'm glad you did.
That you wanted me so bad your soul chose me." I caressed her cheek, kissed her tears, licked them away, worshipped her. "Did you not think I was worthy of your mark?" I whispered against her lips. "You know that's not it. You're my first man, and you'll be the only one. Forever. Only you can carry my name, Aidan Walker." My lips curled into a smile, and finally, she smiled too.
"I'd face death's claws a thousand times just to be yours." I captured her mouth in a deep, passionate kiss full of everything I felt. Nyx wrapped her arms around my neck and kissed me back with raw hunger. ---- Our hearts beat as one. Just one rhythm I lifted her on top of me, letting her soaked pussy rub against my abs. I caressed her delicate back, moving lower and lower. After something so extreme, all I wanted now was to fuck her senseless and claim her again and again.
I grabbed her short hair with dominance, devouring her breath, tangling our tongues. Desire flared between us again. My hands slipped between her wet cheeks, fingering her, making her moan. Theo was dying to play with his Selenia. And I sure as hell wouldn't say no.
 Read Full Novel → 
###Chapter 1280
---- 181. GOOD MORNING? AIDAN One kiss led to another, and in half an hour we went from pure panic to full-on heat. *Shhh," I hissed with lust, licking that pink nipple. My mouth left marks all over her skin-I wanted everyone to know she was mine. I didn't care if I had to fight for her again. I sucked her with intention. My fingers sank into the flesh of her hips and ass, making her grind on me Her hot pussy gave my cock such a tight massage, it had me gritting my teeth "Mmm Aidan...
ah..." loved hearing my name on her lips every time I sucked her tits and rubbed myself shamelessly against her. "Baby, it's punishment time," I said cockily, leaning up to look at her. Those innocent blue eyes blinked at me in confusion. ---- God, I loved this woman more than I ever thought I could. "Punishment?" "You thought I forgot?" I licked her upper lip. "You ditched me for Theo. That hurt my feelings." "You're impossible." she teased with a pink flush on her cheeks.
I kissed that delicious mouth that I was dying to fuck with more than just my tongue. "Get on all fours, right now. On the bed." I commanded her, full Alpha mode. Nyx might be incredibly powerful, but the way she surrendered to me in bed made my dick so damn happy. "Like this?" Her voice came out husky as she crawled and arched her back. My perverted eyes traced the contrast of her pale skin against that jet-black hair. She's perfect. "Higher." I grabbed her chin and helped her lift a bit.
"I'm waiting for a sincere apology." ---- My eyes gleamed like a wolf in rut as she obeyed without hesitation. I heard her swallow, the scent of her sex told me how badly she wanted to suck my cock. When her unskilled licks teased the tip, I let out a low growl I ran my fingers over the mark on her nape, twining in the bond that linked us, and grabbed my shaft to slide it into that blazing hot hole. "Aah, fuck yes... mmnnn... shhh..." I moaned, moving inside her.
The plush of her lips was doing its best to suck me just right. Nyx wasn't an expert, but watching her try so hard turned me on even more than if she were a pro. "Mmnnn..." she gasped, throat vibrating each time I reached deep My thrusts grew fast, wild.. I clenched a fist in her soft hair-not to force her-but because my animal side demanded that control. My chest glowed with runes and Theo came out to play.
 Read Full Novel → 
###Chapter 1281
---- I watched him climb onto the bed, obsessed with Nyx's dripping pussy. "Am I really not gonna hurt her?" "Do it like I showed you. Start slow... ah fuck... that mouth feels too damn good... shhh..." My mind forgot all about magic doubts. I'd done crazy shit before, but nothing like this. I felt her body twitch when she realized it wasn't my hands spreading her ass. Theo leaned down to lick all along her spine and Nyx rewarded us with a deep moan.
I narrowed my eyes, watching "myself" fuck her from behind. "Baby... I'm gonna... mmnn... mount you..." Theo growled as he pushed into our Selenia. His sensations-the tightness of her folds, the slickness, the heat -I felt it all. It was double the stimulation and fuck, I was literally seeing fucking rainbow lights. Nyx started moaning louder. ---- That gorgeous body bounced from the pounding of my magical wolf and my cock fucking her throat. Between two Aidans, she was taking us both.
My hands grabbed her hair, Theo held her hips. We wrecked her so good she was screaming in less than fifteen minutes, falling apart in an intense orgasm. The sheets soaked beneath her with sweat and cum. Her back arched beautifully, trembling head to toe. "Who would've guessed how much you'd love getting fucked by both of us?" I tilted her chin up, letting her breathe. Her lips were swollen and parted. Her eyes glazed in lust, wearing that ecstatic expression I'd never forget.
"Wanna stop?" "No... no... more... I want more... aah..." Theo was still balls deep in her. ---- Lying flat over her back, whispering filthy things in her ear while teasing her clit. Fucking magic... he was learning way too fast. I leaned in to lick her ear and cupped her bouncing tits. We both competed to make her moan louder. Nyx leaned forward to keep pleasuring me. The room filled with lewd, wet sounds. With magic, sex, and madness. All three of us were at the edge...
plus one more spectator. "Fucking finish already, I need to get out! My mate's gonna turn into a wolf for me!" Vlad started messing with my balls... the same ones my Selenia had nearly in her mouth. I was so close, holding back that final release. Thank fuck Theo couldn't copy that... that would've been too much That moment was mine. She was mine.
 Read Full Novel → 
###Chapter 1282
---- And those two fuckers could enjoy it today, 'cause next time? I'm not sharing her with anyone. sob We barely slept that night, and I was the first to wake up the next day. I grinned like an idiot feeling her small body on my chest. I kissed the top of her head and she mumbled some sleepy words. I smirked. We definitely lost our minds last night, and I still can't believe Nyx said yes to my pervy wolf's request and actually shifted into awolf.
Vlad wasn't even in heat and he mounted her right there on the damn rug. I rolled her gently to get more comfortable. Her body was fresh and clean-like I left her after wrecking her. I kissed her shoulder and got up without making noise. Dawn was breaking outside. Pulling on my pants and shirt, I ran a hand over my chest. ---- I walked to the mirror and saw the deep mark. Grotesque and aggressive in shape, but I touched it... with love.
The memories of Selenic magic made me shiver-but it was all worth it. Now I wonder what that smug father-in-law of mine will say when he finds out Nyx marked me on the first damn night. I remember his sharp words in the hall. He basically bragged that Sigrid had marked him, and that Selenias rarely ever did it with their mates. That they could spend a whole life together without the seal. He even hinted I wouldn't be able to handle it, even if it was just three letters.
Wish he'd ditched the shady attitude and given me a real clue about what was coming. "Suck on that, specter daddy." I muttered with a smile, walking to the door and glancing back one last time. I was heading out to grab breakfast for both of us. But when I opened the door and stepped into the hallway... ---- I ran right into someone unexpected. And yeah... she totally saw me leave the bedroom. "Uhh... good morning?"
 Read Full Novel → 
###Chapter 1283
---- 182. DOES THE SPECTER KING HAVE FEELINGS? AIDAN A shiver ran down my spine. I was nervous, like a kid getting caught red-handed-no point denying it. I'd rather face a dozen hostile males than deal with the raised brow of the black-haired woman in front of me. Damn, she's basically a mature version of my Nyx. "Well... I raised my hand to scratch my hair, wondering how to subtly tell her I'd already eaten her daughter's peach.
"No need to explain-I'd have to be an idiot not to know I'm out of virgin daughters." My mother-in-law said as she stepped forward. I instinctively stepped back, like she'd zapped me with electricity. "I'll take responsibility for my actions. I claimed Nyx as mine..." "And she claimed you, I see," she said, stopping in front of my ---- chest covered by my shirt. "Yes. She gave me her mark." I looked down and couldn't help but gently touch my left pec.
When I looked back up, she was watching me closely. My body tensed again. I was bracing for harsh words, but she just sighed, her expression softening. "For a second, I felt like she needed me. Now I'm glad I didn't interrupt what must have been a deeply intimate ceremony." "It was instinct... she got scared at first," I admitted, glancing at the door. "My sweet innocent little Selenia... no one can really prepare you for that. Every ceremony is different, unpredictable.
No matter how much you're told, the fear of losing your mate... it never leaves you." Her words drifted for a moment, caught in memories. Seems like dear ol' father-in-law didn't have such a great time himself, and I have to admit, there was something wickedly satisfying about that. "But she's okay now, she's sleeping. I was just getting her breakfast," I explained. ---- Maybe she wanted to make sure I hadn't taken a bite out of her daughter. Although... bite marks? Yeah, there were plenty.
"Let her sleep, then. I'll visit her later. Come on, I'll walk you out," she said, taking my arm and guiding me down the hallway. I was stiff as hell, and I could feel someone watching me from the shadows. "Don't worry about Silas, Despite his personality, he's satisfied with his daughters' mates," she assured me. I had serious doubts about that. If he was happy, he hid it damn well. Like summoning a demon just by saying its name, there he was- standing in the dining hall, waiting for us.
His face looked like a black hole of bitterness. A dangerous glint lit up in his eyes the moment he saw Sigrid's hand on my forearm. She let go naturally and walked over to him. "When I came out of the bathroom, you weren't there." His expression softened the moment the tiny woman stroked his ---- face. "I went for a walk with my son-in-law, can't I?" she said, standing on tiptoe to kiss his chin. It felt like being a kid again, watching your parents act lovey- dovey in front of everyone.
 Read Full Novel → 
###Chapter 1284
---- Silas narrowed his eyes at me over Sigrid's shoulder. "I don't like you touching other males," he said, not even trying to hide it. "Well, I'll keep that in mind," she answered casually, clearly not giving a damn about his jealousy. "Let's go eat," she said, grabbing his hand to drag him away. "You go ahead. I need to talk to... Aidan." "Silas..." "I'm not gonna hurt him," he said, trying to calm her. I stayed alert as she walked away, flashing me a final smile.
I wasn't afraid of Silas despite his power, but he was Nyx's father, and I didn't want to upset my girl. "She marked you," he stated bluntly. "Did you ask her to?" ---- "And what if I did?" I shot back, a bit defensive. "That's a private matter between us. You can rest easy now, Specter King-I'll take care of Nyx." "I'll never stop watching over my children. Nyx gave you a great gift. I just hope you know how to treasure it." "L will," I replied without hesitation.
"And that life-or-death bond only kicks in if she dies. If you die... she keeps living." So basically, he can kill me and walk away no problem. No one told me directly, but I suspected it after hearing her great -grandma offed her first mate during their ceremony. "I don't care if I die with my female. I already lost one mate, Silas. You have no idea what that kind of pain feels like. If I lose Nyx too..." I paused, closing my eyes. Just thinking about it hurt like hell.
There weren't words for that pain. "So yeah, I'm fine with it," I said, looking out the window at my realm stretching far and wide. ---- "In fact... it's a relief this way..." The words slipped out in a whisper, straight from the bottom of my soul When I turned to face him again, ready to say more... I found his back. He was already walking away down the hall. Rude son of a bitch. + How the hell did someone like him raise someone as sweet as Nyx?
I huffed, waiting for him to leave so I could head to the dining room. But he stopped right at the doorway. "She likes her toast soft, with butter and blueberry jam. Her chamomile tea has to be cold... she only drinks it hot when she's sad." 2 I blinked, stunned he'd just shared those intimate little details about my mate. He hadn't even turned around, and his voice, though neutral as always, carried a weight of melancholy and longing. ---- What would it be like to have a father like Silas...
if you were a sweet little pup like my girl? He left the same way he always showed up-like a shadow, a spirit cloaked in mystery. Took me a few minutes to snap out of it. Why was he helping me? Was it pity for what I said? Or had he somehow felt my storm of thoughts? Does the Specter King... have feelings too?
 Read Full Novel → 
###Chapter 1285
---- 183. CONQUERING A NEW REALM AIDAN That afternoon, like it had become a habit, we guys gathered in the library. Honestly, I'd rather be with my freshly marked mate than surrounded by testosterone. Guess I wasn't hiding my eagerness very well. "Pup, no one's gonna kidnap her from the damn castle! Chill out, man!" my father said, slapping me hard on the shoulder. I stared at him without saying a word. Him, of all people, telling me that.
The same man who can't go thirty minutes without groping my mom. "I still can't believe you got her that easy. Lucky bastard." Aldric scoffed, sipping his drink while lounging in an armchair. Even if they still test me every chance they get, I feel like their guard's dropping-especially my father-in-law's. He doesn't say a word, sitting near the window, but at least he's ---- not giving me that killer stare anymore. "What are you guys even talking about?
What's this heart- marking thing?" Drakkar's curious voice broke in. That guy's seriously something else. Something tells me the seductive one in his case was that delicate white-haired Alpha with the "who, me?" face. My sister-in-law. "Drakkar, Lyra can't do that. It's something only Selenias can do," the Lycan King answered him. He gave a short explanation. We males usually keep those moments private... at least the details. "Why can't Lyra do it?" Drakkar stood up, annoyed. "I can take it.
I'm not weak." "What part of only Selenias didn't you get?" Silas's voice came out cold. I glanced at his son, dozing off near the fire with his legs up on the ottoman, like none of this was his business. ---- What the hell is up with this family? 1 Drakkar kept pushing, insisting there had to be some way. "Damn it, stop being so damn stubborn! I said no and that's final!" Aldric roared, unleashing both their beast auras. The pressure in the room got heavy until someone else walked in.
"Seriously? You're already arguing this early?" said the blond man stepping through the door. I had pretty much zero impression of him. "Quinn, is Gabrielle here already?" "Yeah, she's ready to cast today's spell. Aren't you going to introduce me, Lycan King?" "My first officer, Guardian Quinn, is... well, technically my father- in-law..." Aldric's mouth twisted into a sarcastic grin. The lycan named Quinn didn't even flinch. You could tell the guy had a solid personality-he greeted all of us calmly.
 Read Full Novel → 
###Chapter 1286
---- But I couldn't help eyeing his chest, putting two and two together, and damn... he was Gabrielle's mate! "Wait... wait, if I understood all that Selenia madness right... are you the guy who got 9 letters burned into his heart?" My dad blurted it out without a filter. Quinn raised an eyebrow at Aldric. "Nyx marked her pup last night. We're all family now," he said, and my old man relaxed a bit "That's me," Quinn confirmed, and honestly, I looked at him with some serious respect.
Drakkar asked if he knew how a she-wolf could mark her mate's heart. We dove right back into the debate, which ended with my dad claiming Quinn had bigger balls than Aldric-at least when it came to this. And that's without even knowing the real pain that came with the ceremony. "Why don't you also mention how wrecked you were the next day, and I had to secretly give you my blood so Gabrielle wouldn't find out?" ---- Aldric scoffed, clearly bitter.
He was all proud of withstanding 7 letters, while the lazy Silas had only taken 6... and me, well... let's not go there. "My mate's got the vampire side more developed, and her ceremony required blood," Quinn said, sipping his drink. "A lot of blood." And shit... I just found a new hero. Letting yourself be burned with letters by that twisted feminine magic... while being sucked like a damn orange. Damnit. "Pft, I would've taken it," Aldric still wouldn't back down.
"Sure, but we'll never know, will we?" Quinn's words hit him right in the ego. Now I even felt bad for thinking I was the king for handling just 3 letters. As we kept on chatting about all the dumb crap guys talk about, things suddenly turned serious. "Your vampire is here," my dad announced, sensing someone new in the palace. ---- We could all smell it-thick with blood and death. Heavy steps echoed down the hallway and soon, the vampire prince Zarek stepped in. "The selénic spell is ready.
Let's go," he said, staring straight at Aldric, who nodded. We stood up, leaving the jokes behind, the mood turning dead serious. "Are you sure you can do this?" He asked me out of nowhere, looking at me with those sharp red eyes. No one knows more about the physical portals in my realm than Ido. "With everyone's help, yes. I'll open the path to your daughter," I told him confidently. I'd do whatever it took. I swore never to open another door to the unknown, but now I had more support.
My family had grown. And despite the fake rivalries, the teasing, and all the fatherly or ---- grandfatherly jealousy, they showed me something important: When someone needed help, all the bullshit got dropped, and we stood together as one. 1 Just like they crashed into my world for Nyx, now we'd conquer anew realm. This time, the target... was the vampire: Victoria Vlad.
 Read Full Novel → 
###Chapter 1287
---- 184, THE SACRIFICED SLAVE ZAREK I had rarely been this nervous in my entire life. My mate's words kept echoing in my mind. I felt like I had failed Celine for not having found our daughter yet. And that's not even counting what I hadn't told her-about the memories I pulled out of that vampire. There were fragments of our daughter being enslaved by a man -a wolf, to be precise. I didn't know how clean those memories were, and my fears grew with each passing second.
"Aidan, we've cleared the last traces of scattered magic!" I heard Valeria say to Nyx's mate. On this continent, he's the most capable person to open these physical portals. They weren't the same as the ones purely conjured by magic. I watched him step in front of the stone blocks and raise his ---- hands. Immediately, the temperature plummeted, everything froze- even our breaths. He's strong. And ever since being marked by a Selenia, I know for a fact he's become even more powerful.
The magical circle around my descendants glowed intensely. The four women focused completely on their task. Despite my anxiety, I couldn't help but admire them This-this was what I had fought so hard for. And even if the past wasn't what I imagined, it made me proud to see four generations of Selenias standing united. A roar yanked me back toward the blocked portal. The barrier had frozen solid, icy magic seeping through every crack.
Aidan's tribal tattoos glowed blue, and his white hair began to shift into a thick lycan pelt. I had no idea what he was planning... until I did. "Drakkar, now!" He roared to the other savage-Lyra's mate. ---- I saw those two beasts raise their fists and-BAM! The whole cave shook, sharp stalactites trembled, threatening to crash down on us. And still, they didn't stop. The rocks had frozen so much they crumbled like shards of colored glass swirling in the air.
It would've been beautiful, if it weren't so brutal-but my eyes were locked on the widening cracks. The thick rock layer looked endless, but they kept pushing forward without pause. "Take a break!" Aldric roared, charging forward with King Alpha Cedrick to relieve them. The ceiling threatened to collapse. I was about to summon some protection when a dark mist floated above our heads, like a spectral umbrella "Save your energy, uncle." Laziel told me. I exhaled and nodded.
Everyone helped in their own way. The small cave felt crowded, and more allies were still waiting outside.
 Read Full Novel → 
###Chapter 1288
---- I felt grateful that Celine brought this family with her-after so many years of loneliness Now I just needed my Victoria. I had to find her. So when silver rays of moonlight finally slipped through the deep tunnel, I was the first one in. "Wait! You don't know what you'll find on the other side!" Aidan's warning echoed in my mind, but I couldn't wait a second longer. I turned into mist and flowed through the night, slipping through the crack that opened into a whole new world.
The air slammed into my incorporeal form. I emerged in another cave, then passed through it to reach a thick forest. The wind here felt charged, but I followed the trace of my daughter-the call of her blood I tracked her like a predator in the dark. I saw herds of animals running across fields, flew over settlements and cities that seemed fairly advanced, though somewhat crumbling. ---- I didn't understand how this realm was organized-and frankly, I didn't care.
All my attention was locked on a fortress tucked in the mountains. Made of black stone and steel, it was heavily guarded. I even noticed anti-vampire protection spells. Bits of what that captive said flashed in my mind. According to him, werewolves here were the villains-thieves who stole power from the vampire nobility. But experience taught me not to trust my own kind. Things aren't always how they're told. Victoria. I murmured inside, overwhelmed by joy.
She was in that tower-the tallest one. I pierced the magical barriers with my power. I'm not just any vampire, and my selénic magic was more than enough for these spells. I slipped through the window and materialized in an antechamber. ---- Alert, I scanned the room. It was dark, but a light shone from beneath a nearby door. I crept forward, fangs out-ready for anything... anything but that. I burst through the door with my power, and on the other side was a dimly lit office.
The smell of lust instantly slapped me in the face-along with my daughter's scent... the scent of mating. "Aahh... my lord, lick me deeper... sshh, I love when you're rough ahah..." If a bolt of lightning had struck me, I wouldn't have been more stunned than I was in that moment. How the hell could that be my daughter?! She was sitting on the edge of a massive desk, facing away from me, clearly with her legs spread and her dress hiked up indecently.
Huge hands gripped her ass, and I could hear the man's lustful growls as his head was buried between her thighs. Didn't take a genius to figure out what he was doing to Victoria. And she didn't look like some oppressed slave at all! ---- She kept writhing, teasing him, flipping her long brown hair ina flirty wave. My shock exploded into pure rage as I unleashed my bloodthirsty aura.
"What the fuck?!" heard him roar as he instantly shot up with supernatural speed, pulling her behind him "VICTORIA!" My voice echoed through every damn wall of that place-I'd tear. it all down. The ground started trembling, and my powerwave crashed straight into that damn lycan who growled at me like an animal. "Da... Dad?" Her head peeked from behind that degenerate. Her eyes were wide as hell. "Oh Goddess... this is so humiliating..." "I'll show you humiliation! GET TO MY SIDE RIGHT FUCKING NOW!"
 Read Full Novel → 
###Chapter 1289
---- 185. MY LIFE AS A SCREWED-OVER SLAVE VICTORIA I always dreamed of living a life full of adventure, thrilling danger, and a love that would blow my mind... and my panties. Well, good news-I got exactly that. Not only did I end up in a place full of conflict and wild stories waiting to happen, but I also found the man who would flip my whole world upside down. Okay... two men at first, but that's a story for another time.
What really weighed on my soul, though, was how much I missed my family-my parents. And believe me, I was doing everything I could to find a way to reach them I even tracked down a suspicious tunnel that looked like it might lead somewhere. But those idiot vampires blew it up with magic while fleeing from our hunt. So, I had no choice but to keep digging for answers. And in the meantime, while looking for a portal, I could just keep ---- slowly torturing the one victim I had right at hand.
That proud, untamable lycan. aed I walked through the dim hallways toward his office. A tray with a snack in my hands, and a whole lot of attitude on my face. I stopped in front of the black, oppressive door-just like everything else in this freezing fortress. Knock, knock. I tapped twice. "Come in," his raspy voice came from inside, and just like that, my blood stirred. I ran the tip of my tongue over one sharp canine but shoved the craving down and slipped my angry mask back on.
Grabbing the handle, I stepped into the office lit by the massive fireplace. I walked calmly across the patterned rug, and his hazel eyes lifted to meet mine. He stared, his wolf pupils narrowing as they traced my every ---- move. That always-furrowed brow, those sharp masculine features. The tattoo that ran down his neck and disappeared into his broad chest under the robe, and the scar slicing through one eyebrow- it all made him look like a violent rebel. And he definitely was. To everyone...
except me. He inhaled deeply through his nose, soaking in my scent as I circled the desk and stopped by his side. His pheromones flooded the room, thick with arousal, no attempt to hide how darkly he wanted me. "The kitchen made this for you... my lord." BAM! I practically threw the food at him and turned to leave. "Victoria." His deep voice vibrated through the room, calling my name. His large, rough hand gently wrapped around my wrist, but every inch of him radiated dominance.
"Still mad at me?" "A slave doesn't have the right to be mad at her master. I'm ---- leaving," I said, tugging my hand, even though I knew damn well he wouldn't let me go so easily.
 Read Full Novel → 
###Chapter 1290
---- A possessive yank pulled me onto his lap. I sat sideways, head down, thinking about how much I craved his touch. He didn't wait long. One hand gripped my waist tight, the other grabbed my chin and tilted it up. My red eyes locked with those gorgeous, serious, stubborn ones of his. "Baby, you know I don't care about the consequences. Victoria, I'm risking my people's safety just to have you," he said-and knew it was true. But so what? I was too pissed, and right now, I didn't want words-!
wanted action. "Alright, my lord, I get it. I won't bother you anymore." I tried to stand, but he held my hips tighter. My chest brushed his hard pecs, our breaths mixing in the ---- heated air. "I hate when you call me 'lord' like that, all sarcastic," he growled low against my lips. "You're my mate. The only woman who can drive me insane, who can bring me to my knees." His wolf's aura surrounded me, calling out.
"Don't tell me again that you're just my slave, 'cause you know that's bullshit." He leaned in and bit my lower lip with his sharp canines. I moaned, unable to help it, as he sucked my mouth and licked the blood off my lip. I could feel his erection getting hard under my ass. His fingers held my chin firmly-he loved dominating me, pretending he had control... when deep down he knew who really ruled here.
"Let me show you how sorry I am," he growled like the delicious beast I was dying to devour. "Get on the table and spread your legs..." "And if I don't want to?" ---- "Get the fuck on the table, Victoria. Stop playing with me, woman His low, dangerous snarl came as he grabbed my hair and tilted my head, baring my neck. That red glint danced in his pupils as they shifted into his wolf's. I could feel the howls just under the surface. God, I was getting way too turned on.
heard the furious rhythm of his blood pumping. I couldn't help but glance at his chest-and of course, he noticed. "If you behave and come on my tongue, maybe I'll feed you some of my blood. You know, a little give and take." That seductive smirk curled at the corner of his sexy lips. "Depends on you, my lord... Think you know how to please a slave?" I teased him boldly while standing up He loved my sharp tongue. He huffed, pretending to be pissed, and leaned back in his black leather chair.
"Then let's see if I do... or not."
 Read Full Novel → 
###Chapter 1291
---- 186. HERE IT COMES... THE DISASTER VICTORIA But my Lord's attention is already right between my pale thighs, now fully exposed as I slowly pull up my dress. I sit on the edge of the table, raising the fabric up to my waist. Lift my boots and rest them on the wooden armrests. I hear him swallow. A low growl rumbles in his chest. His hand drops, and he starts stroking that thick, massive cock of his that drives me absolutely crazy.
Later, I'll ride him no matter what-make him apologize properly until he knots me full. He hisses while jerking off rough His gaze lingers on the tattoo on my groin, the one that caused so much drama before-but now he's obsessed with it. Mmm... I'm so wet, I can feel my pussy throbbing with need just for him. I'm about to get even naughtier, but Dracomir can't take it anymore. ---- He leans forward and buries his nose between my legs, sniffing like a damn pervert. I hear his wolfish moan.
His eyes crack open, and he stares up at me like a beast on the hunt. My scent drives him insane, even more when I'm this aroused. His tongue comes out and licks along my slit through the fabric. "Ssss..." I hiss, twitching, my hips rolling forward, ass grinding against the wood. His hands dig into my hips and yank me into his filthy mouth. Like an animal, he starts sucking my pussy through the soaked fabric, nibbling my clit through the rough panties.
"Mnnn, stop teasing and go straight to the-Aahh, sshh, yes... like that, my lord... mmnn fuck, you eat me so good..." I moan loudly as he rips my panties with his teeth and opens up my folds with nothing but his tongue. My clit gets sucked, stretched, and rubbed between his fingers. ---- He's learned exactly how to keep me right on the edge. The wet, filthy sounds he makes send tremors straight through my pussy. I know for a fact his cock is hard and dripping nonstop.
He lives for when I call him "my lord" while offering myself to him And honestly, that's exactly what he is... in this realm. To everyone else, I'm Lord Lycan Dracomir's vampire slave. But behind closed doors, he knows damn well I'm the one in charge. And if I do submit... well, it's only because his pussy- eating game is out of this world... No, no, that's not why... ahem... it's because I love him. Also, there's the whole mate bond thing and how his blood pulls me in like a drug.
I'm crazy about this male-why lie? "Aabh... my lord, lick me deeper... sshh, I love when you get rough ahah..." I thread my fingers through his light brown hair. Push his head closer so he can take me deeper. ---- That long lycan tongue thrusts in and out, fucking my folds as I melt into waves of pleasure I'm so close, oh fuck yes... just a little more. My hips rock forward, thighs tightening, back arching. Here it comes... it's coming... the disaster.
The most humiliating moment of my entire whorish life... I mean, my whole fucking life. I was so deep into the pleasure I didn't even feel it approaching Only when my mate growled in surprise and lifted me protectively, hiding me behind him, did reality slap me hard in the face. Goddess... swallow me like the undead and never let me go. WHAT THE FUCK WAS MY DAD DOING HERE?! "Oh Goddess... this is so humiliating..." "I'll show you humiliation!
GET TO MY SIDE RIGHT NOW!" He roared with a rage I had never seen in him before. Shit, I'm in trouble.
 Read Full Novel → 
###Chapter 1292
---- I was pulling down my dress as fast as I could, shielded by Dracomir who'd already gone into attack mode The whole fortress shook to its roots-I knew my father was summoning his entire army here. "Father, it's not what you think... I'm sorry you saw that, but" I started. "Come here right now, Victoria Vlad. Don't make me repeat myself!" His red eyes flared with fury. Golden Selenian mist swirled between his clawed fingers. Yeah...
this looked bad I tried stepping forward to explain, but my mate's hand gripped mine tight. "You're not going anywhere without your mate, Victoria!" He roared without taking his hostile gaze off my father. Things were getting dangerous. "Dracomir, wait, he's..." I turned to him suddenly, freezing in place. ?Love... for fuck's sake, wipe my damn juices off your mouth at ---- least.? Can I die right now, please? 1 My thoughts were all over the place, jumping from panic to panic.
"Let's talk like civilized people... No, Dad, wait!" Before I could explain, Dracomir threw me onto a couch to shield me from the furious vampire lunging straight at him I hit the cushions hard, but sat up fast, watching as my dad moved in slow motion to go straight for my mate's heart. Dracomir reacted fast-smart and skilled, trained his whole life to fight vampires. He'd studied them forever. They were his natural enemies. But he'd never gone up against a vampire born of a Selenia...
one that was millennia-old and way too powerful With a demonic roar, he dodged my father's kick and began shifting into his lycan beast, fangs open, going straight for the throat. "If you hurt my father, I'll never forgive you, Draco!" I screamed, summoning my full speed. ---- He stopped the second he heard me, holding back the pure, animal hatred he felt toward vampires. A hatred he was barely starting to learn how to control-life's a bitch, and his mate turned out to be a vampire.
He still caught a brutal kick that made his ribs crack. Dad wasn't holding back at all "Enough, you too, Father!" I stepped between them just as the prince was about to unleash his magic and tear a piece out of my mate. My father's hand froze inches from my heart. Behind me, the furious lycan was growling into my neck. The whole fortress swayed like a pudding. "I get that you're angry. I'll explain everything, Dad.
I don't think I can hide anything from you anymore," I said, trying not to look away from his killer eyes. Not out of fear... but shame. "Just let me talk. Please, don't do this..." I asked softly. He stared me down like it lasted an eternity. ---- "Just tell me one thing, Victoria. Were you delaying coming home on purpose? Just so you could do these kinds of things... with him?"
 Read Full Novel → 
###Chapter 1293
---- 187. I'M INNOCENT UNTIL PROVEN OTHERWISE VICTORIA He spat it out, full of venom. The wolf behind me was on high alert. I could feel his hand close to my waist, ready to yank me back to his side. "No. I swear on my mother, the most sacred thing I have. Father, I was trying to find a way back... but I just didn't know how." And I wasn't lying-I really had tried. "In the short moment Katherine visited me in a dream, we barely got to talk.
She said something about my blood dripping over something... but I didn't know what to do with that half-assed clue. The dream ended too abruptly. This world isn't like ours. Magic works differently here-too much interference." I explained it as fast as I could, doing my best, though there was still so much left unsaid. "Dad..." I stepped closer, taking his cold hands. Behind me, a warning growl rumbled. ---- Yeah, I knew Dracomir was too damn possessive with me-but this was my father.
He'd have to suck it up. "This realm already has enough problems. Please don't attack my mate..." "Are you sure he's your mate?" he asked, more slowly now. At least he hadn't pulled his hands away-I was gaining ground "She's my female." Before I could even speak, the Lord cut in for me. I was about to step forward, but I turned and glared daggers at him.
"Don't make this harder for me, Draco." "rll explain whatever you want, ask your parents for you, but you're not going anywhere far from me, Victoria. Get that through your head." Before I could shoot back a venomous reply. "I don't give a fuck what you're saying to my daughter in her mind. I still haven't decided if I accept you as her mate." Dad suddenly pulled me to his side. I heard Draco's furious roar behind me.
This wasn't going ---- anywhere "And I don't give a fuck about your arrogant attitude! You barge into my home, invade my privacy, and try to take my woman?! HELL NO!" Dracomir's rage exploded in the room. His lycan was speaking now, taking over. I already saw his face starting to shift, brown fur sprouting in patches. "Well then, she'll be a widow before you even mark her..." "DAD, NOOO!" Goddammit, not again! But before the walls and floor started cracking...
Before the dead could rise and wreak havoc... a flash of light froze the entire scene. Magic echoed through the room, and a ghostly wind swept over everything, rattling papers and cooling tempers Draco took the chance and leapt to grab me. He knew what he feared most was me leaving him behind and going back home.
 Read Full Novel → 
###Chapter 1294
---- My father didn't even have time to stop him. We all stared at the black vortex of energy tearing open by the fireplace. Ghostly hands on either side pulled at reality, like ripping paper down the middle. I recognized it right away: a portal opened by magic. Lavinia's scent hit me full force... and another one, far too familiar, that brought instant tears to my eyes.
"If I'd taken one more second, you would've done exactly what I warned you not to." The serious voice of the woman with chestnut hair and reddish eyes echoed from the darkness. I saw her appear-and it was like I hadn't seen her in forever. Her stern look toward Dad softened the moment she saw me behind my overly protective mate's giant frame. "Mamal" I ran toward her, and just like always, she was there with open arms. "Thank the Goddess you're alright.
My little troublemaker..." she sighed, hugging me tight. ---- It didn't matter how wild I was, the messes I made, or how many headaches I gave the vampire prince-my savior had arrived. She forgave me for everything. She was the only one who could calm the serial killer that lived inside dark Zarek. Her warmth always made me feel at home. "Mami, how did you even get here?" I lifted my head to see her closely. I kissed her cheeks over and over. Something felt different-her scent... it was off.
"Are you really gonna interrogate me right off the bat?" She raised an eyebrow, glancing at the wolf standing in the middle of the office. My father walked toward us, still brimming with hostility. "Victoria, right now the three of you are going to explain what the hell happened here," my mother Celine finally said. She pulled me from her chest, grabbed my shoulders, and stared me down. Shame burned hot across my face again.
---- I glanced sideways at the ancient vampire who looked at me like I was a criminal Uh-oh... Can we skip the part where Dad found me with my pussy being eaten by my mate? Yeah... that part... and a bunch of other messy, sinful details in my crazy story... ?Mama, I swear I'm innocent!?
 Read Full Novel → 
###Chapter 1295
---- 188. A REALM IN DECLINE VICTORIA "We can talk calmly in the sitting room," my mate's voice interrupted at just the right moment. When he approached my mother, he lowered his posture a little more. Maybe because he mistook her for a she-wolf, not realizing Celine was hiding those vampire fangs. "You're Victoria's mate," she identified him right away. How could she not, when our scents were completely mixed? "Lam..." "That remains to be seen," Dad muttered through gritted teeth.
The undead's claws almost peeked out from between the stones, waiting for his signal. Immersed in their magical dimension, ready to strike. "Love..." "You have no idea how comfortable your little girl was. While you were dying of anxiety, putting the b..." ---- "Enough, Zarek!" My mom's roar made me flinch. When she got angry, honestly, she was scarier than Dad. Her pupils flashed a dangerous reddish hue, and that was when sweet Camilla was in control. Alpha Mia was a little more deadly.
"Are you a vampire or a she-wolf?" Dracomir asked, frowning. "I'ma hybrid, got a problem with that?" she raised that brown eyebrow that gave everyone chills. "N-no, ma'am, not at all," my mate answered quickly. He even shot me a look like, "You didn't tell me your mom was. this intense?" Yeah right. You think anyone can tame a sadist like my father by being sweet and gentle all day? "Let's go to that sitting room. I could really use a seat." Finally, Mom let go of the tension.
She took Dad's hand, ready to be led by my mate. ---- I stared at their backs. Something else was going on here. Dad's words had sounded off, way too anxious. The only one who could calm him down was his mate, but he was in full war mode. Not even she would've managed to tame him quickly. Why had the vampire prince backed off so fast? "Come on," Draco looked at me from the door, then at the magic portal inside the room. "I'm not going anywhere. I'll catch up," I told him with a sigh.
And here I was, teasing my mom about being more of a babysitter than a wife-and I was doing the same thing. These guys were way too possessive. He reluctantly left the room, and I was just about to follow when I heard footsteps behind me. "As always, your exits and entrances gotta be the most dramatic."
 Read Full Novel → 
###Chapter 1296
---- I turned to see Lavinia stepping through the vortex. "Lavi! For a second I thought you were Laziel..." I said, hugging her, not noticing the weird look on her face. But when that dark aura hit my nose, I knew immediately. "Wait... no, no, you totally fucked my antisocial cousin!" "Shut up, girl! Might as well scream it from the highest tower in this realm," she huffed. "Ha! I knew Lazinia was real!
Those girls who doubted owe me money!" "I cover your messes and you all bet on my love life," she muttered, then added with fake malice, "Anyway, I've already got my revenge list." "And yeah, yeah, I'm with Laziel now, old news. Let's talk about you," she said, looking me up and down teasingly. Then she glanced at the room until her eyes landed on the desk. "L still can't believe you said 'I'm innocent.' We really need to retire that line every time we get caught." "Someone else got caught?
Who found their mate? I bet it was Lyra, 'cause Aztoria's a fake modest she-wolf slut!" ---- "Dear Victoria, you've got a lot of gossip coming your way-don't worry." She patted my shoulder with a knowing grin. And here I thought I had the wildest experience. Turns out the girls had their own crazy adventures. At least they were safe, and that was a relief. I hadn't worried about Laziel for even a second. Why waste stress on him? He's like the boogeyman parents use to scare naughty kids.
"You still win the crown for chaos, though. I think you were the worst of us all," she said, turning to close the portal. "Lyra caught me in the act, but if my dad had... I'd have thrown myself off the balcony." "Not even an option-I can fly, remember? I'd need something way more dramatic to die," I replied, and we cracked up laughing. Goddess, it felt so damn good to talk to one of my girls again, even if Lavinia was usually the most serious one. I missed home, despite my chill attitude.
"Let's go. They're calling me telepathically," I told her, wrapping ---- an arm around her waist and resting my head on her shoulder. "How did you bring my mom here and open a portal when we couldn't before?" "When Laziel stormed into this realm, I used his spectral world to access this place," she explained as we walked down the hallway. Looks like she and the specter heir share a lot of that dark magic. Not surprising at all.
The only one who didn't realize she was always connected to Laziel... was Lavinia herself. She's the eldest, but not always the sharpest. "I'm guessing my mom told you exactly where Dad was?" "Yep, she sure did," she replied, glancing at the huge paintings on the walls. The whole vibe here was classic and gloomy. "This is totally vampire-style," she nailed it. "It is. This used to be the vampire feud's den that ruled these lands... long story," I added as we turned the corner.
 Read Full Novel → 
###Chapter 1297
---- I could already hear my mate giving orders to the staff and sending his trusted men to escort the rest of our people. How they got into this territory, I didn't know. Guess I'd find out soon enough. "I'll leave you guys to talk in private. If you need someone to save your ass, just call me," Lavinia said, giving me a push into the room. "Smartass. You're definitely in a better mood, Lavi. Looks like my cousin's hitting the right spot." "Hey!
Show some respect to your elders!" I stuck my tongue out at her before closing the double doors. Outside, a maid was already offering her tea and leading her to the receiving room. I could see the curious questions in the servants' eyes, but no one dared defy their Lord's orders. Things in this realm were far from settled. But with my family here, I felt a little safer. "You've got a seat waiting," my mate pulled me close right away. ---- We settled into the couch across from my parents.
It felt like a full-blown interrogation. Dad was suspiciously calm. But he kept eyeing Draco's possessive hand on my thigh. When I glanced at his eyes, he was drilling holes into me. "Well, I "Where's my general? Why didn't he protect you properly? For his own good, he better be actually dead," he said coldly. I pressed my lips together. He knew damn well that killing someone already technically dead was nearly impossible. Especially one of his oldest and strongest warriors. "Rousse, well...
he's helping us on a mission with a witch clan," I answered briefly. "Mission? His main mission was to keep you away from any predator with grabby hands," he shot a hateful look at my mate. ---- Draco growled under his breath, clearly pissed Goddess, this was going to be a mess. Both of them had such damn difficult personalities. "Vicky, tell us the truth, honey, what's going on here? It's obvious this isn't some simple situation." Bless my mother. "Alright...
let's start with the moment the General and I fell into this world..." I sighed, digging into my memories. Some I shared with my parents... the rest, I kept forever to myself. cereeed (FLASHBACK TO THE PAST) I didn't know how long we drifted, sucked into that endless black hole. Only darkness surrounded us. Until a dull thud told me we'd landed somewhere. ---- Wrapped in the undead general Rousse's arms, I avoided crashing into the blackened, filthy slabs.
Right away, the stench of rot, acid, and decay hit my sensitive nose. This wasn't the scent of home. This filthy alley, crawling with rats and nastiness, didn't look like anywhere in my realm. Where the hell had we ended up?
 Read Full Novel → 
###Chapter 1298
---- 189, GETTING TO KNOW THE LORD OF THE WOLVES "Rousse, are you okay?" I got up from the ground, still dizzy. That sensation of falling and spinning endlessly had been horrible. "Yes, Miss Victoria," His rough voice answered. He stood up to his full height, towering over me with his intimidating shadow, like everything else about him. The black hood he always wore had fallen back, revealing his grayish hair. His eyes, nearly white, stared straight into mine.
I'm more than used to the undead, but Rousse is still imposing, even for me. Always dressed in black, strong, serious, with those deep scars cutting through his pale body. "Where do you think we are?" I asked him, scanning the alley we had landed in. The stench of garbage piled in small mounds. Flanked by black, grimy walls. ---- "I've never been anywhere like this in our realm." "I don't think we're home, Rousse," I said, frowning. "Let's explore. I decided, pulling my hood up as well.
We walked to the street the alley opened into. "Ew, rats," I made a face, kicking one of the little beasts away. To my complete surprise, it didn't last a second. "Catch it quick!" "It's huge, nice!" I stood frozen at the corner, watching a group of kids throw themselves on the animal. They caught it between the three of them, tearing it apart instantly. With filthy hands and dressed in rags. The layer of grime barely let me see their real skin color.
They devoured it, ripping off the skin and drinking its blood. They were vampires. ---- I knew it the moment I saw them drinking eagerly, with tiny fangs and red eyes. Goddess, where the hell had we ended up? "Don't wander off. I don't know this place, and I don't like the feel of it." Rousse told me, his almost-white eyes gleaming under the dark hood. We advanced down the black cobblestones, the night heavy with choking smoke.
Through puddles of muddy water and narrow alleys The buildings looked ready to collapse, and in every corner there were gathered shadows, suspicious faces. They gave us strange looks, but Rousse's size and bulk scared them off. The more I saw of this gray city, the more I was convinced of its extreme poverty. Until we saw a group of people running toward a place. "The Lord's coming this way! They might throw some food- hurry, hurry!" We heard them say.
"Rousse, let's go check it out," I said, moving in the direction ---- they were running I pulled my hood tighter and we slipped into the maze of houses to climb onto a rooftop. Below, a crowd was already gathering. I could feel it-they were all vampires. Some pure, some mixed. But vampires nonetheless. The wide street was left clear. They were waiting for something. And hidden in the shadows of a blackened chimney, we finally saw what was causing the frenzy.
The pounding of horses suddenly rang out. A group came riding at full speed, recklessly charging ahead. My eyes narrowed on the men appearing. They were like day and night compared to these poor people. Wolf warriors, wearing suffocating black armor. Clean, handsome, muscular, and dangerous in every sense of the word As they passed, people dropped to their knees, bowing and begging for food and alms. It was all so pitiful.
 Read Full Novel → 
###Chapter 1299
---- "There comes the Lord!" I heard several mouths cry out in excitement. I tensed, searching among the riders for this so-called Lord. He had to be the leader of this pack of werewolves. I could smell his kind. And I found him right away. His aura, full of arrogance, gave him away. A grim man, with tousled brown hair and hazel eyes that, far from warm, radiated a hatred-laced indifference. "Lord, have mercy on us!" Out of nowhere, a woman threw herself in front of his jet-black horse.
I almost screamed to stop her, even took a step forward thinking the horse would trample her. It was moving way too fast, but he yanked the reins with explosive strength. The horse reared up on its front legs and neighed in fury, hooves nearly crushing the woman frozen in fear. "How dare you get in the Lord's way, filthy creature?!" The warrior behind him-black-haired-roared, baring his fangs. ---- He was about to dismount with a whip in hand, ready to punish her.
"No, miss," Rousse grabbed my arm just as I was about to step in, outraged. I knew it wasn't the smartest move-I didn't understand the rules of this world-but the scene disgusted me. "Stop, Rohan," The deep, commanding voice reached my ears. For some reason I didn't want to explore, my whole body trembled at the sound. It had to be from anger. "But Lord, she could've caused an accident!" "I just wanted to ask for some food!
We're starving!" The vampire woman finally spoke up, and the others found the courage to beg as well. That Alpha male looked down at them from atop his horse. The disgust in his wolf eyes was obvious, under the dark helmet. "Distribute another ration through the gates," he said coldly, taking the reins again. ---- It was clear he was moving on. The praises and thanks for the crumbs he'd ordered were already spreading through the crowd.
I glared at him with such hostility, I think he felt my challenge. Right before urging his horse forward, he suddenly lifted his head and looked at our rooftop. I was sure the darkness was hiding us, yet I felt like he could sense me. I didn't look away as his gaze narrowed toward our location. "What? You planning to come threaten me too on your fancy little horse, you damn wolf bastard?" I muttered under my breath, daring him silently, even if I wasn't sure he saw me.
I could make out his face-handsome and arrogant. Masculine angles, a small scar across his left brow gave him a fierce look. Straight nose, sensual lips, but with that cruel twist to them, any beauty he had made me want to claw it off. When I thought he was going to send men after us... ---- "Hyal" He finally shouted to his horse and rode off, disappearing down the street into the crowd. I hadn't realized how fast my heart was pounding-how badly I wanted him to come at me...
Just so I could destroy him. "Rousse, let's follow him."
 Read Full Novel → 
###Chapter 1300
---- 190. BARELY ESCAPING VICTORIA Without waiting for his response, I started running over the rooftops, tiles falling off in patches beneath my feet. Always keeping a safe distance from the riders. We stopped on top of a building, and I could finally see where they were headed. Massive, thick black walls divided this decaying area from another.
I couldn't see beyond them, but when the huge, oppressive gates opened to let those wolves through, the scent that drifted from the other side was nothing like the stench here. I spotted a few houses behind those walls-a thriving city nestled inside, protected by high barriers. While people here were dying in filth, it was obvious life on the other side was good. The separation was crystal clear-between vampires and werewolves. What the hell was going on here?
---- "It looks like they're handing out food over there," Rousse pointed toward a spot where people were crammed in a never- ending line. Sure enough, they were giving out scraps of old meat to the vampires, who stared greedily at the low-grade pieces. I didn't know what to do. I had no idea where to even begin looking for a way home. Because one thing was certain-my kind wasn't welcome here, and I sure as hell wasn't going to beg that son of a bitch Lord to survive.
"Let's find some information, Rousse," I sighed, my head aching. "Maybe a tavern... if those even exist here." But just as I was about to turn away, my sharp eyes caught something I couldn't ignore. Those same kids who had eaten the rat were now teaming up to steal a piece of meat from one of the baskets. From my elevated spot, I could see it all-unfortunately, so did one of the werewolves distributing the rations.
"Stop right there, you filthy little vermin!" He shouted, chasing after them as they bolted into the narrow streets. ---- "Miss!" Rousse roared when he saw me running after them. I could feel the general's worry, but I didn't stop. I had a terrible gut feeling, and it turned out to be right. No matter how quick they were, those kids-barely ten or twelve -were skin and bones. The male cornered them in a dead-end alley.
"I don't care if the Lord's generous and gives you more food, you filthy thieves just can't help yourselves!" He yelled, pulling the whip from his waist, eyes full of hatred as he forced them against the wall. "ll beat you good so you learn your place!" He raised the whip, cracking it in the air. All it took was a second for me to leap off the roof and land silently behind him. I raised my hand and caught the leather strap mid hard.
ir, gripping it Pain shot through me, but it only fueled my fury. "The only disgusting abuser here is you," I growled, yanking the weapon with all my strength and tearing it from his hand. ---- "What the hell?!" He spun around, caught between shock and rage. When he saw my red eyes and realized I was a vampire, hatred oozed from every pore. "How dare you challenge me, you filthy monster?! Want to die that badly?!" He screamed, fangs out, lunging at me to tear me apart.
"You're the one who won't live to see tomorrow," I hissed, swinging his own weapon and wrapping it around his neck, strangling him. I didn't even give him time to shift into his wolf. With one pull, I dragged his body forward, right into my claws, which had turned sharp as steel. I went straight for his throat-one brutal, merciless strike. Hot blood splattered across my face, and his eyes stared back at me in disbelief. Looks like these flea-bitten mutts had forgotten what it was like to go up against a well-fed vampire.
 Read Full Novel → 
###Chapter 1301
---- The scent of iron flooded the alley as the dying soldier collapsed into the filthy sewer below But before I could even take a step back, the kids jumped on him. They drank him dry, wild and frenzied, not leaving a single drop. The man's muffled groans were lost in the sound of their ravenous gulps. I dropped the whip and stepped back. Rarely had I seen something so heartbreaking. They looked like tiny animals drinking from a savage kill.
"More guards are coming!" Suddenly, Rousse's rough voice echoed in my mind as he kept watch nearby. "We need to get out of here and not cause more trouble," he added tensely, and I heard his footsteps approaching. I knew this would bring problems-! shouldn't have acted on impulse. No matter how strong I was, I couldn't fight an entire wolf guard. ---- And I wasn't even sure I could summon my father's army here. I doubted it would work.
While I wasted time thinking of options, those kids ran past me, blood still fresh on their mouths, not even glancing my way. I wasn't expecting thanks, but I was left standing over a half- devoured corpse, no time to clean up the mess. "I smell her over here!" The shadows were already closing in on us. "Rousse, get up on the roof!" I shouted, but the walls here were tall. I could float like mist, but Rousse couldn't.
"Try going underground!" "I already did, I can't-something's blocking the spells." "What?!" I immediately tried turning into mist. A basic vampire power. And it didn't work! What curse was placed on this place? "I'll push you up to the roof. Step into my hands." He crouched, cupping his palms together. "No! I'm not leaving you-we fight together!" ---- "Miss, don't be stubbom!
If something happens to you, your father will kill me!" He gave me one of those hard glares that used to intimidate me as a pup-but not anymore. No matter what he said, this was all my fault and I wasn't going to leave him behind. He sighed, knowing I was impossible to deal with. But I also knew, if things got ugly, Rousse would toss me onto that rooftop whether I liked it or not. Just as we squared our shoulders, ready to fight our way out, a rumbling sound came from behind me.
I turned quickly and saw, barely a meter above my head, a hole opening in a brick wall. "Hurry, get in!" A hand reached out from the shadows. A blond man with anxious red eyes was offering us an escape tunnel. I didn't know him. What if this was another trap? "Trust me or die here." He said urgently, and I didn't think twice. I reached out, grabbed his hand, and he yanked me into the ---- passage. Rousse followed with a single leap, never taking his eyes off me.
The hollow wall's mechanism sealed shut behind him quickly. While crawling through the narrow space, I stared at the man leading us. My nose caught the scent of his blood-he was a vampire, one of my own kind. And for the first time, I felt like I'd found a safe harbor in this world full of oppression. That's how I met Marius, a man who would dazzle me with his ideals... and his lies.
 Read Full Novel → 
###Chapter 1302
---- 191. IN THE UNDERGROUND WORLD VICTORIA The danger was behind us, and we moved forward into an unknown place. "Rousse, stay alert for any traps." I whispered in his mind, narrowing my pupils in the darkness. The true intentions of this good Samaritan were still to be revealed The tunnel twisted and branched into a network that led to other unknown areas.
Finally, a breeze stirred the musty stench of the walls, and the vampire in front of me jumped toward an exit, "Come, I'll help you." He reached his hand out to help me out of the high tunnel. looked at him for a second, straight into those reddish eyes. He was a very handsome man, despite the sharp angles caused by his thinness. I reached out, and he helped me down. ---- The motion made me fall against his chest, brushing against him by accident.
It only lasted a moment, but I felt him sniffing my hair. The scent of blood rushing through his veins also hit my senses .. and I had to admit, I really liked it. "Thanks." I stepped back a bit and looked over my shoulder, watching my general land heavily. His sharp eyes immediately scanned the gloomy place. We seemed to be in some kind of underground catacombs. Thick columns held up the ceiling, and campfires lit small, gaunt, hungry groups here and there.
"Come this way..." "Wait, why did you save us? What do you want?" I wouldn't take another step until he gave me a straight answer "I saw how you helped those kids... through the cracks in the wall," he replied. "I was heading to the surface when I witnessed your act of bravery." ---- I studied him carefully; he seemed sincere. "Look, I have no hidden motives or I would've sold you for a chunk of meat already.
It's obvious you're not from this domain." "What gave me away?" I asked, staying on guard. Though I instantly regretted it when I saw his worn clothes, patchy beard, and the dirt covering him. "I'm sorry, I didn't mean to-" "It's fine, that's exactly what gave you away. You're too... clean and well-fed." He gave me a sad smile full of thoughts I couldn't read. In the end, we followed him.
Through the vast underground where many vampire families lived, each scene more heartbreaking than the last. "Welcome to my humble home," he said, pulling aside a faded, hole-filled curtain. We entered a kind of cave carved into the stone. It looked like this entire construction network stretched under the city.
 Read Full Novel → 
###Chapter 1303
---- "Marius, did you find something?" A woman ran up to him. Her dull brown hair and deep eye bags spoke volumes. "Sorry, Sophie..." "And who are they?" she asked, stopping to evaluate us the moment she saw us. She looked us up and down, not even trying to hide her slightly hostile curiosity. "Sophie, manners. They're friends." "They're not here to ask for food, are they?" . "Sophie! "It's okay, we don't want to be a burden," I jumped in before he could grab her arm.
"Marius, what happened?" Another man came from deeper inside the cave-like place. A black-haired one. "I found them. They took on a wolf soldier and killed him," he explained. ---- The man, Edgar, instantly looked intrigued. "They're going to bring trouble down here, aren't they? You shouldn't have saved them!" "Take them inside, I'll be right there," Marius told Edgar in a rough tone, grabbing the woman's arm. He gave her a stem look that made her shut up instantly.
I watched him stay behind, whispering something to her Her angry eyes met mine for a second before she followed Edgar. I didn't like her attitude. I guess it was the same harsh world making her so distrustful. sek That night, we met Marius's group. A bunch of vampires that had banded together-not out of family ties-but just to survive. "It's not much, but please eat something." Marius handed us some bowls with a few spoonfuls of black liquid that nearly made me gag. ---- "m not hungry, really.
Keep it for yourselves," I told him as politely as I could "Sorry, it's all we have." "Marius, for the love of the Goddess, you don't have to apologize," I said, even embarrassed, finally taking the soup. I brought it to my lips and drank it without breathing. We all sat and talked around a fire. They were slurping down what they called broth like it was gold. Something about it reminded me of the rats in the alley.
"I don't need to eat," I heard Rousse's voice and, honestly, I envied him for it. They looked at him curiously, but no one dared to ask what he was. "Don't bring up that damn bitch who abandoned us," that woman, Sophie, suddenly said to me, venom seeping from her teeth. "Sophie, that's enough!"
 Read Full Novel → 
###Chapter 1304
---- 192. PART OF THE REBELS VICTORIA Marius scolded her again. I was getting a little tired of her tantrums. "What do you want me to say?! That I thank the Goddess for giving those dogs the power to destroy us, to keep us as slaves, to banish us to these sewers?!" She screamed, jumping up from the stool, which clattered loudly. No matter how hard Marius tried to calm her down, she ran off crying. An uncomfortable silence filled the room. "'m sorry about that...
she's just more honest and says what we're all thinking," he told me, embarrassed. "What's going on here between you and the werewolves?" "You seriously don't know anything?" that Edgar guy asked, and I shook my head. "Well, I come from somewhere else," I said briefly. That's how I learned about the situation in this realm, divided between two main powers: the werewolves and the vampires. ---- "And why do they treat you like this?
Just because they can?" I asked Marius, and he gave me a complicated look. Then I noticed him exchanging glances with the others. What was the big secret? "Well... we used to be in balance from the beginning, but the werewolves somehow got hold of a very powerful magical . Some of them turned into beasts walking on two legs with wolf heads." Lycans. They evolved into lycans. How was such an evolution even possible?
According to their story, the realm had been divided between the two forces. They couldn't stand each other, but they coexisted. There were more realms across this vast continent. Some had already been taken by the wolves, others still ruled by the last free vampires. But this one was the capital, and since the wolves took control, the balance shifted to their side. "But they don't use magic. I can feel a spell in the air," I told ---- 'them.
I needed to understand that part to figure out how to break the enchantment and use my powers. "Witches are rare, and the Lord has them locked up and working for him. They're the ones weaving this enchantment around the capital," Edgar explained. Between one story and another, I grasped the basics. The werewolves here were a bunch of bastards-and their boss was the biggest one of all. erred "How can I help you?
Because let's be honest, you brought me here for a reason, didn't you?" When everyone else went to sleep in their corners, it was just Marius, Edgar, Rousse, and me. "Victoria, I didn't..." Marius called me by name-by now we'd all introduced ourselves. "Let's be honest, Marius. I need to find a way back home, so let's speak clearly."
 Read Full Novel → 
###Chapter 1305
---- I gave him the same intense look my father used every time he tried to intimidate me. He sighed after a moment. "I'll admit it, you looked so strong... All of us are considered rebels. We do what we can, but there's a bounty on our heads." I was shocked to hear it. "Victoria, we've lost our vampire powers, our weapons to fight them. We need to find a witch, someone who can help us." Edgar finally spilled the truth. "But... aren't all the witches imprisoned?" "No.
There are a few isolated settlements in the mountains, but it's not just about crossing the heavily guarded borders. The wasteland itself is dangerous." I frowned. Truth is, I wasn't sure I wanted to get involved in something that wasn't my fight. I looked at Rousse, and his face said it all. I knew exactly what he was thinking. He didn't agree with me joining this fight that had nothing to do ---- with us. "1... 'm not sure I can help..." "No one's forcing you," Marius suddenly said beside me.
His voice soft and magnetic I looked into his deep eyes, which hadn't stopped searching for mine all night. "Victoria, I'm not asking you to carry our burdens. But we'll tell you this: only a witch can help you get your vampire powers back." And that was the main reason I'd end up helping them- at least at first. But I ended up spending days underground with them. Days that turned into weeks. Hunger started to hit me, and I even joined their raids to steal food from the nobles.
The prey in the forests was kept under tight control by those beasts. They kept the vampires starving, drained of blood and strength. ---- Yet beyond the city walls, in the Savage Jungle Pack, abundance was everywhere. The pack of that damn Lord. I saw so much injustice that I started to feel for my kind. I got more involved in their cause-bringing food to the elders, the children, the women.
Marius's words of revenge echoed in my ears, enchanting my dreamer's mind But it was too dangerous to step into the territory of those rabid dogs and expect no consequences. And one day, I nearly watched Marius die right in front of me. pores "Quick, make way I shouted, pulling back the curtain as Rousse carried the vampire in his arms. We barely got out of that mess by the skin of our teeth. Marius had his neck wrapped in an improvised cloth. They had almost slit his throat. ---- "Marius!
What happened?!" Sophie rushed from the crowd as we helped lay him on his old cot. "This is your fault! Ever since you got here, you've put us in even more danger with your hero complex! If anything happens to him She screamed like a lunatic and lunged at me, catching me off guard. With her fangs bared and claws aimed straight at my face.
 Read Full Novel → 
###Chapter 1306
---- 193, IN THE VAMPIRE'S CLAWS VICTORIA I was ready to tear her apart. Honestly, I was just waiting for the perfect excuse, and she handed it to me. It was obvious she had a thing for Marius, but it wasn't my fault he didn't even look at her. I bared my fangs with a threatening hiss; her hand moved in slow motion in front of my eyes. "Don't get involved, Rousse," I ordered in his mind as I saw he was about to stop her.
Today, I was going to teach this arrogant woman a lesson she'd never forget. But at the last second. "Sophie, that's enough!" Edgar's shout echoed like a thunderclap. He threw himself between us, taking the blow from that hysteric, and I nearly clawed his back too. "Sshh," he hissed in pain. "You're insane, you damn psycho! Hunger's got your brain all fogged up!" ---- "How dare you talk to me like that?!
You know exactly who I am, Edgar-don't get it twisted!" she screamed back I noticed the others exchanging glances and getting nervous What was really going on here? "That little bitch is not taking Marius from me! He's my..." "Shut the fuck up already!" He slapped her hard, and I saw her drop to the floor, clutching her face. Shock flashed in her wide eyes. Her cheek was swelling up fast. I'm not a fan of hitting females, but seriously, Sophie was unbearable.
"Come with me, you lunatic!" he jumped on her, grabbed her by the arm, and dragged her out of the cave. "Let me go! Let go of me!" The vampire screamed, but she was no match for Edgar, who pulled her outside. Awkward silence fell over the room again. "Miss Victoria, please don't mind Sophie's words. She's just jealous," ---- One of the older women came up to me. "She's always chased after Marius. Thinks he's in love with her," another added.
"Though it's pretty obvious who he's really interested in." They stared at me, and I'd have to be an idiot not to get what they were implying. It made me a bit uncomfortable, but I didn't say anything to contradict them. "I'll give him some of my blood, bring me more bandages," I murmured, turning back to the cot where Marius lay shaking and even paler than usual. I fed him my powerful blood. Felt a jolt of pleasure when his fangs sank into my wrist and his red eyes opened.
He stared straight at me as his lips moved, his tongue leaving a burning trail across the punctures. The arousal from feeding hit me hard. Because we weren't just comrades-I'll admit it, I was attracted to Marius.
 Read Full Novel → 
###Chapter 1307
---- His scent, the taste of his blood, even his worn-out body had a charm. He was a good-looking man, and if we'd been ina different situation, maybe I would've already taken him as a lover. He passed out again, overwhelmed by my vital liquid. I uncovered the claw wound on his neck and watched it close up before my eyes. Color returned to his face. That fight had been brutal, and we couldn't keep risking our lives like this. he I didn't see Sophie again that day, not even at night.
I went to sleep in my little corner while Rousse stood guard outside the catacombs. At any moment, the wolf guard could show up and take us down. In the middle of my dream, I felt the disturbance in my mind- someone was visiting It was Katherine. Using her prophetic dream magic. Just a few seconds... I didn't ---- even catch her full message. This territory seemed to have some kind of shield that blocked arcane energy. I had to find a witch. "..Katherine, wait!
I'm okay, tell them I'm okay!" I shouted, desperate as I saw her fade away. I couldn't see my parents. "'ll come back, I'm already looking for a way home..." "Katherine," I whispered, shaken and uneasy. Her figure vanished as quickly as it had come. I sat up suddenly in the dark. Tears rolled down my cheeks. I was lying on my side, staring at the cold wall of the cave.
I can't keep staying here, worrying about the vampires' issues- this isn't my world, not my problem "Vicky, are you okay?" Suddenly, someone came up behind me and touched my arm "Marius," I turned slowly to see him near me. ---- "You're crying," his face tightened with concern. His fingers gently touched my cheeks. "L... /had a dream about my people," I confessed, lowering my head. I had told him and Edgar where I came from. After spending some time together, I started trusting them more.
I needed to be honest with someone here, someone who could give me clues on how to get back. I felt vulnerable-after all the adrenaline of the adventure, sometimes fear crept in... fear of never returning to my family. "Everything's going to be okay, Vicky. I'll help however I can," he said, and I heard the rustle of blankets beneath the makeshift bed. Marius's body heat approached mine. I wasn't stupid-he'd made more than one direct move before. "Thank you for feeding me...
your blood is the most delicious thing I've ever tasted," he whispered with that seductive tone my kind used for mating. "Marius... I'm not sure about this..." ---- "All I ask is that you let me in, Victoria. Give me a chance, baby... you're always on edge." He cupped my chin and slowly tilted it up
 Read Full Novel → 
###Chapter 1308
---- 194, A WOLF IN MY FANTASIES VICTORIA We were just a breath apart, and I saw him lower his face to kiss my cheeks. He licked my tears with patience, slowly moving toward my lips. I didn't stop him-I let him kiss me. His mouth moved over mine, his tongue tracing the edges, trying to slip inside. He gently laid me back on the blankets, his hard chest pressing against mine, one hand holding my back and the other gripping my waist.
I felt his weight dominate me, pinning me to the ground, settling between my legs. His sensual kiss turned deeper, more passionate, more aggressive. Our fangs clashed, and lust pulsed hot in our veins. His hand slid up my skirt, caressing my bare thighs. In the dark, our muffled moans blended with the sound of desperate kisses. ---- I was itching with need, craving to feed.
My pupils narrowed to crimson slits It had been a long time since I'd made love, and I liked it rough- hard, wild-something that drove me insane with pleasure and made me scream like a slut. I'm not two-faced like Lyra-! know exactly what I want and what really gets me going. "Mmm, Vicky, I want you so bad..." he growled, his voice buried in my throat. His hard cock pressed against my thigh, and his fingers moved to slip under my panties.
But right when I was about to spread my legs and let him touch me deep, my mind betrayed me. Those intense hazel eyes, full of hostility, flashed through my memory. That wicked wolf aura, the black armor clinging to his rugged frame. "Mmnn," I moaned, eyes shut, feeling his mouth suck at my neckline, close to my breasts. I imagined savage growls, that I was defenseless beneath that ---- mass of muscle and testosterone. Those feral pupils devoured me with filthy promises and perverted hunger.
I opened my legs wider, pushing my hips up, aching for him to rub my pussy just right. I could feel my juices dripping, my cunt spasming-but I admit, not because of Marius's hands. The truth hit me... I was with Marius... "Sshh, you drive me crazy, baby... let me taste you between your thighs..." "Wait, Marius." I shot up like a spring. I shoved him away harder than I meant to, just as he started to go down clearly aiming to lick my pussy. "What's wrong, Vicky?
Did I do something?" he asked, confused. The heat between us was already cooling off. "No, not you... I..." ?l was getting turned on while thinking about that damn wolf.? Damn it, what the hell is wrong with my head? I looked toward the darkness, toward the distant shadows lying ---- around us. I could sense their quiet movements. Not everyone was asleep
 Read Full Novel → 
###Chapter 1309
---- Maybe some were fucking under the blankets too... or maybe they were listening to us. "I'm sorry, Marius. I just don't think this is the right time... or place," I said, using that excuse because the truth was impossible to admit. "Sure..." he mumbled, not sounding convinced at all. leven felt a little guilty leaving him hard like that. "I really am sorry..." "I'm the one who rushed it. It's just... I've never liked a female this much," he said, lowering his head and scratching his hair.
He actually looked kind of cute. Why couldn't I just give in, especially when I did like him? I've never been into wolves. I always preferred my kind. What kind of spell did that lycan cast on me? Maybe it was curiosity... Hearing all those things about him. ---- But none of them were good-definitely not enough to be getting this wet just from thinking of him. "Can I at least hold you?" "What?... Oh, yeah, sure." I shoved all thoughts of the Lord of this fief to the back of my mind.
I laid back down on my side, facing the wall Marius snuggled against my back, his erection tucked between my cheeks, but I pretended not to notice. His arm wrapped around my waist, his nose nuzzled my neck. I closed my eyes, trying to calm down with his presence. "Marius... tomorrow night I'm heading out past the borders you told me about... I need to look for a witch in the forest," I told him, and I felt him tense. "'m worried for your safety, Victoria.
Wait till 'm fully healed, and I'll go with you." "No. I can't wait any longer, and the fewer people we are, the better. I'm strong, and Rousse is special. We're your best option," I assured him. ---- "It's crazy how they brought that dead man back. I never imagined a spell like that," he whispered, and I actually felt a little proud. "My father did it. Rousse was one of his first undead. He's powerful. I'll show you how it's done one day...
if I get my powers back." I just said it without thinking, but Marius never forgot those words. He later held me to them. My big mouth... I really need to keep it busy with something more... interesting. obi The next day, I set off with Rousse on a new adventure.
 Read Full Novel → 
###Chapter 1310
---- 195. IN THE LORD'S CAMP. VICTORIA Leaving behind the underground city, the sewers, and the eerie tunnels, we reached a distant part of the forest. Perched on a hill, we could see the impressive black city in the distance. The fortress sat high on the mountainside, overlooking everything beneath it Nothing escaped the Lord's gaze. The first circle of walls protected the capital's werewolf pack. The outer ring housed the so-called "disgraced" vampires.
They were treated more like slaves than anything else. Doing the heaviest, dirtiest, and most grueling jobs for scraps of food That was the state of this realm. "Come on, Rousse." Shielded by the advancing night, we slipped into the trees. We ran like two fast-moving shadows, dodging occasional ---- patrols, always on alert. But just when we were about to slip past the fief's borders, we hit a serious problem.
"There's a werewolf camp set up." Perched in a tree, we watched the white tents from afar. Hidden among the thick foliage. My eyes scanned the warriors. "That damn vampire never mentioned a patrol this heavy here," he added with a scowl. Marius had said this side was usually less guarded. So why was the watch strengthened? I soon found out why. My heart skipped a beat when I spotted riders approaching in the distance. At the front, cloaked in black and with a stem face...
was him I could almost make out the golden glints in his light eyes. He dismounted in one swift motion, handing the reins to a stable boy. ---- He looked pissed, barking out orders to his men. I watched him disappear into the main tent. "I have an idea," I blurted out... like always, without thinking much.
"I'll create a distraction and give you an opening to slip out." "No," Rousse replied without hesitation, "I won't let you risk yourself, There are too many soldiers-if they catch you..." "Maybe I don't have all my powers at their peak, General, but don't forget I'm a Vlad," I told him, dead serious. We stood in tense silence, our wills clashing. "If something happens to you..." "Even if I get captured, you know I've got more than one trick up my sleeve.
We need a witch to get back, Rousse," I argued. No matter how reluctant he was, I eventually convinced him. Rousse looked intimidating-especially with his build-but his heart was softer than most "living" men. "Maybe you'll meet someone special out there," I teased. His back went stiff, but he didn't respond.
 Read Full Novel → 
###Chapter 1311
---- "Don't make me regret this decision, Miss Victoria," he whispered before jumping down from the tree and slipping away to wait for his chance. I sighed, realizing maybe I shouldn't have joked. Everyone knew the terrifying General of my father secretly longed for love. But even Mousse, the undead he liked, rejected him. Said she was "afraid of him." We'd even made rhymes out of their names.
"I can't believe she was an idiot even after death," I huffed, just like every time I thought about that fool. I shook my head, clearing out the erratic thoughts. I had to come up with a plan. I crept toward some warriors patrolling near the camp. Ran through the bushes, fully releasing my aura. So strong, I'm sure my scent spread all around. And it reached the main tent. "INTRUDER!
There's an intruder in the woods!" "it's a vampire-catch her!" ---- The alarm rang immediately, and I made sure to draw a good number of soldiers away. Rousse, despite his size, could blend in with nature itself. With or without his powers, he'd make it through that breach. I ran full speed, without stopping. Sure, I could've escaped... but oops-l "accidentally" reached a dead-end cliff. I turned around with my hands raised, calm, watching a pack of rabid dogs burst from the forest.
Some were in wolf form, others still dressed as warriors. From what I'd learned, only a select few had evolved into true lycans. "Surrender! You've got nowhere to go, you abominable creature!" Roared the one leading them I recognized him as the same black-haired jerk who tried to whip that poor woman who crossed the Lord's horse. "The only freak here is you," I spat with venom. "Come get me if you've actually got the balls... or do you only ---- beat up helpless females?" "Hah!
Looks like there's still some guts left in these bloodsuckers!" he shouted, stepping forward and uncoiling the whip at his waist. "I'm gonna teach you how to bow. You'll be licking my boots today... and maybe something else..." He muttered the last part, but of course, I heard it. \ hissed, baring my fangs, squaring my shoulders, ready to make this bastard cry. ?Come on, let's play...
and then take me straight to your Lord.? Today, one way or another, I was going to see that cruel man who kept invading my fantasies up close. "Fucking come at me already!"
 Read Full Novel → 
###Chapter 1312
---- 196, YOU'RE GONNA PAY FOR THIS! VICTORIA I saw him strutting toward me, full of confidence. Guess he'd forgotten what a well-fed vampire was capable of- and I wasn't even in top shape. The whip cracked, flying toward my neck with a roar from his lips. I darted forward so fast, he didn't even see me coming. His arm was still raised from swinging the weapon; his eyes narrowed when I suddenly appeared right in front of him. "What the...?!
Aaahh, you fucking bitch!" He jumped back as my sharp claws sank into his face, ripping off a good chunk. I was aiming for his eyes, but he reacted in time to save them. Before he could strike back, I snatched the whip's handle and wrapped it around his neck. By then, he was trying to shift into his wolf, biting wildly at me. But both my hands tightened around the leather, pulling it so ---- hard against his throat that the choking sounds came almost immediately.
He couldn't shift into his beast without strangling himself completely. "This is so you learn to fucking respect women!" I roared, kicking him mercilessly in the balls. He dropped to his knees, his face twisted in sheer agony. The pressure on his neck got more lethal. He clawed at me, trying to get some air into his lungs. I stared down at him, overflowing with hatred. Iwas really about to kill him, but obviously they wouldn't let me.
My senses flared the second I felt an attack coming from the right. I slammed my knee into the wolf's chin, almost making him swallow his own teeth His groan of pain was music to my ears. But I had to release him to face the wolves surrounding me. "Well, well... looks like you need backup," I sneered, watching him writhing on the ground. ---- "Four wolves against one woman. Real brave...
pathetic," I spat with fury, pulling up my dress to move easier "Who's first, you little bitches?!" I shouted, the rush of battle roaring through my veins. They jumped at me like rabid dogs, coordinating their strikes. I moved at full speed, clawing wounds into them, tripping one into another. Made sure one landed right on top of the other. I hissed in pain as I took a few hits-no way to avoid them with so many coming at once. They were trained fighters.
"Damn it!" I cursed internally when a gray wolf's jaws clamped down on my leg and knocked me off balance. I spun fast before crashing to the ground. Hissing, I slashed his muzzle with my claws, leaving a nasty wound. But he wouldn't let go, even through his howl of pain.
 Read Full Novel → 
###Chapter 1313
---- I knew he was holding me down for his buddy to attack. I drove a brutal kick into his stomach, but the son of a bitch held on. Shit-he was biting down to the bone. I felt the foul breath of another wolf against my neck. Had to do something, and fast. Right before I could pull off the crazy move I had in mind, claws ripped deep into my back. "aaasshh! Motherfucker!" I roared in rage. I hated being hit. The pain only fueled my fury. The savage, insane Vlad blood in me was kicking in.
"You're gonna fucking pay for this!" I slashed my claws straight for the throat of the wolf still latched onto my leg. He was gonna let go, one way or another. My elbow rammed into the bastard who tried to sneak attack me from behind. ---- The other two wolves hung back, and judging by how badly their pals were doing, they were just waiting for the right moment to jump in. But right in the middle of the fight... "ENOUGH! ALL OF YOU, STOP!" A thunderous roar froze us in place.
Everyone tured to the forest's edge, where a towering, muscle- bound man had just stepped out. Blond hair, green eyes, and a face that screamed don't fuck with me. "Beta! That vampire bitch tried to kill me!" The whip idiot immediately ran to tattle. "And was that kind of violence really necessary against a single woman?" the man shot back, his eyes sharp as knives. So, he's the second-in-command. "Look what she did to me and the others!
She's gotta be a spy from another realm!" He added, glaring at me with pure hatred ---- His face was splattered with blood, and an ugly bruise darkened his neck. Honestly, I regretted not doing more damage "Let her go. Now!"
 Read Full Novel → 
###Chapter 1314
---- 197. HOW DARE YOU TOUCH HER?! VICTORIA Finally, my leg was freed. Before that wolf could fully retreat, I raised my other boot and slammed it right into his eye. "That's for the little bite..." I spat with venom, hearing his howl of pain. He glared at me furiously, but followed orders. Two others grabbed me by the shoulders, forcefully taking me prisoner. That blond giant walked up to me, scanning me from head to toe. I didn't flinch-! wasn't afraid of him.
I waited for the verdict, but if he thought I was dying here, he had another thing coming. "Either you're very reckless, or very stupid," he said coldly. "1 like to call it 'very brave'," I replied, lifting my chin. ---- He opened his mouth to say something, then closed it, visibly annoyed. I know I have that effect sometimes. "Take the prisoner to the west tent," he finally ordered with a grunt and walked off. "Beta! She deserves harsher punishment!
You don't know how dangerous this vampire is!" The dark-haired idiot kept whining. "Need a tissue to go cry to your mommy?" "You...!" he stepped forward, ready to tear me apart. The wolf beside me lowered his head to hide it, but I caught the smirk tugging at his lips. "Just take her already!" the Beta snapped, fed up with my mouth. They dragged me away from the clearing as I heard the blond tearing the lieutenant a new one. My leg was throbbing and my back was on fire.
I didn't help at all-I made them drag me. I wasn't about to make things easy for these morons. ---- When we reached the camp, I looked around. For a second, I honestly thought the Alpha had shown up in the clearing. He hadn't, and I didn't see him anywhere. But my sixth sense told me someone was watching me from the shadows. Could it be Rousse? I hoped not. I hoped he'd taken the chance to slip away.
sob "Don't go causing more trouble or you'll get yourself killed, vampire," said the warrior before leaving the tent. They'd tied my hands behind the thick pole holding up the roof. My back still stung, but little by little it was healing. "Don't push me... and I might let you live," I muttered as they left. They scoffed, but I clearly heard them whispering about how impressed they were with my fighting. Their steps faded.
 Read Full Novel → 
###Chapter 1315
---- I was alone. I looked around The place was dim, but the smell of medicine and the hanging herbs told me it was some kind of medical tent. I started working my wrists inside the ropes, trying to slide them out. Didn't get much time alone before someone barged in through the shadows I raised my eyes, full of hostility. This asshole again. Would he ever stop? "What, back for another claw tattoo?" I asked, cold as ice.
But I'd humiliated him so badly, even a joke like that broke what little pride he had left. His shadow lunged forward and his hand slapped me hard across the face. Before I could shake off the daze, he grabbed my hair and ---- yanked Still, I didn't make a sound. I just clenched my jaw. "You're tough, vampire," he spat in my face. "But this time no one's saving you. Let's see if your lower mouth is as sharp as the one up top." "With that tiny dick of yours?
Please, you're no threat,' I shot back, slamming my forehead into his nose. If this bastard thought I was gonna let him rape me, he was dead wrong. But between the insults and struggle, he managed to pull down my top, nearly exposing my breasts. His disgusting hands squeezed me like a piece of fruit. Of course it hurt, but I focused on the ropes-I was so close to breaking free. He forced my legs open, shoving himself between them, Didn't matter how much I fought.
The grunts and gasps of our scuffle never stopped. It just seemed to turn him on more. ---- "You sick fuck, get off me!" I screamed as he unzipped his pants to pull out that filthy piece of flesh "Fight harder, wild bitch, harder! Been a long time since I fucked a vamp this fiery." He lowered his head, aiming to bite my nipple, and his hands were already yanking up my skirt. Every second, I regretted not wearing pants more and more. But then- It happened in a heartbeat.
There was no time to react. The tent flap flew open and a man nearly two meters tall stormed in, radiating a crushing aura. "HOW DARE YOU TOUCH HER?!"
 Read Full Novel → 
###Chapter 1316
---- 198, HE'S MY ENEMY VICTORIA Goddess, how strong he was. The bastard in front of me froze. I swear even his little thing probably pissed itself from fear. With a beastly roar, he was grabbed by the neck and lifted off the ground, yanked away from me. Through the light pouring in from the open flaps, I saw the whole savage scene. He hadn't even fully shifted into his lycan form, but the Alpha sank his half-formed jaws into the guy's throat, ripping out his trachea.
The howl died in the lieutenant's chest. The sounds of the fight drew a few soldiers outside, just in time to see that savage man dragging out the corpse. Right in front of their stunned faces, he clawed the guy's head clean off. I'd seen my fair share of brutal scenes in my life. ---- My own father was pretty damn bloodthirsty, but the Lord could definitely rival his sadistic streak.
"Let it never cross any of your minds to do something so vile to a woman" he roared, voice distorted by his wolf. The warriors immediately bowed their heads. I could see it all through the tent flaps whipping in the wind. "Fuck whoever you want-she-wolves, vampires, witches, a fucking tree stump... but it better be consensual!" He tossed the severed head into one of the nearby fires. The flames crackled, and the smell of burning flesh filled the air instantly.
"I'll forgive just about anything-except rape! Got it?! I'll rip the fucking cock off the next bastard who dares to try something like that!" The warriors all shouted yes, swearing they'd never dare. I saw fear etched into their souls. It was clear this Lord didn't go easy on anyone, not even his own people. "NOW GET THE FUCK OUT OF MY SIGHT!" he barked furiously. ---- They scattered faster than rats running from a cat...
or better yet, from a wolf Then he turned sharply and stared straight at me from outside the tent. His hazel eyes shifted into glowing red wolf pupils, his mouth still dripping with blood, fangs fully out. He started walking toward me-wild, untamed, his predator aura as intense as ever. He wanted to intimidate me... but damn it, he was stirring something else entirely. He didn't say a word as he stepped into the tent and finally pulled the leather curtains shut.
I waited for some threat, some cruel remark... something. But this man never acted the way I expected. He calmly walked over to a basin in the corner and started washing himself. No tush, just cool and collected-making me way more nervous than I wanted to admit. I bit my lower lip, my heart pounding like crazy. Finally, he turned and walked over to where I was still tied up.
 Read Full Novel → 
###Chapter 1317
---- The scent of his life essence finally hit my nose clearly, and Goddess... it was darker and more delicious than I ever imagined. Why does this lycan make me feel like this? I should hate him. "If you've got a death wish, don't come trying to die in my camp," he said, his massive figure towering over me. I barely reached his chest.
"If I came to die, I'd have taken one of your mangy mutts with me on the way out..." Before I could finish my smartass remark, his hand grabbed my chin ina firm grip. It didn't hurt, but he gave me no room to move. He forced me to look up at him as he leaned in close.
"That's enough, woman," he growled, his eyes glowing, "Shut that venomous tongue of yours, or I'll cut it out myself." "With that little speech you gave, I thought you weren't the type to abuse," I said, pressing my chest against his, enjoying the tension between us. ---- Sparks were definitely flying. But his actions didn't match his words. "I said I wouldn't touch you. I'm not interested in women of your kind," he said, looking at me with fake disgust.
"But that doesn't mean I won't rip your head off like I've done to other vampires," he added-and that one hit different. I didn't like it. I was suddenly reminded that he was my enemy. "So what are you waiting for, wolf? I'm right here. Just squeeze my fucking throat." My eyes flashed with fury. I bared my fangs right in his face. Our heavy breaths collided, tangled in tension. Maybe he really did hate me... I don't know. His hand pressed against my neck, fingertips sinking into my skin.
His jaw clenched so hard the veins pulsed wildly. I could tell-he was seriously considering it. Maybe killing me would've been the easy way out... But in the ---- end, something held him back.
 Read Full Novel → 
###Chapter 1318
---- 199. I HATE YOUR KIND. VICTORIA Only a few seconds passed, but they felt like hours... until he let go. The worst part? He wiped his hand on his leather pants like I disgusted him. "I know you're not from my realm. Don't get it twisted-I'm letting you live so I don't start a war with another territory." He gave me that bullshit excuse even he didn't believe.
"And since it's obvious you freed your hands, heal your own wounds," he added, walking over to a table and tossing a little jar of ointment at me. I was fuming How the hell did this insufferable male dare treat me like some kind of contagious disease? "Fine, then send someone to help me with my back," I said out of nowhere, right before he could storm off. Yes, it was true-I'd already slipped out of the restraints.
"What?" he turned, confused, but I was already hiking up the frills, ---- of my dress, leaving my legs exposed. "What the hell are you doing?!" he roared, quickly averting his gaze when I was left standing there in my underwear. "Treating the bite on my thigh, but I can't reach my back. So send someone..." "No!" he snapped, no room for argument. I noticed the tension in his furrowed brow. His eyes fought not to glance at my bare legs. "Didn't you just tell me to heal myself?
My hands don't reach back there," I pointed out, as if it wasn't obvious. I walked calmly and propped one leg up on a closed chest. I grabbed the ointment and rubbed it into the wounds that were already starting to close. I knew he was standing there at the tent entrance, silent, but his racing heart gave him away. I waited... bending forward and rubbing the cool cream over my skin. My breasts were nearly spilling out of the loose neckline. "Damn you, woman," I heard him growl from deep in his chest.
 Read Full Novel → 
###Chapter 1319
---- Awicked little smile tugged at the corner of my mouth. He dropped into a chair in the dark corner with a grunt. The only thing breaking the silence was our breathing-and his was getting heavier and heavier as my dress climbed up, revealing more and more of me. So, he didn't like women of my kind. My being a vampire disgusted him... Well, we were about to put that to the test. This man had no idea how much I loved playing with fire... and he was a fucking bonfire.
1 I turned my back to him and undid the torn straps that the other warrior had tugged loose. My dress slipped from my shoulders, sliding down to my waist and exposing my whole upper body. My back, nearly healed, was bare to him... and in front, my breasts were covered only by strands of brown hair. I swear I heard him let out a deep growl, no matter how hard he tried to hide it. "Sorry you have to touch a filthy vampire.
Someone else could ---- do it instead..." I started to say, but then I heard the creak of the chair... and the sound of his boots. He was coming toward me, slowly. I didn't even have to turn felt his stare burning through me. I knew it. He wanted me, no matter how much he claimed to hate me. I shivered as his breath brushed against my neck, his nose trailing along my skin. The heat of his solid body nearly pressed into my back. He grabbed the ointment, and his fingers began tracing each scar...
slowly, torturously. Gliding down my spine, stoking the fire between us. "Monn..." I couldn't help but moan when his possessive hands gripped my waist. His whole presence was savage-he smelled like war, rebellion, and pure raw hunger. What would those hands feel like gripping my hips while he drove that thick cock into me... the one clearly bulging against ---- his pants? "Stop teasing me already. You smell like you're in heat.
This camp's full of males," he growled in my ear, his voice strangled and needy. I suddenly pushed my ass back into him, catching him off guard. Oh, I knew. He was rock hard. He hissed in lust, shuddering, but didn't pull away. His fingers dug deeper into my waist, anchoring me, leaning in closer to my hair. "This situation is your fault... Do you touch all the vampires you hate like this?"
 Read Full Novel → 
###Chapter 1320
---- 200. TRAPPED IN MY OWN GAME VICTORIA I dragged my voice like a spell. Holy Goddess, what the hell was I doing? "Does it get hard like this for all women of my kind?" I murmured, my hand sneaking behind to shamelessly stroke the bulge in his pants. I caressed him up and down, boldly. I relished the delicious scent of his pheromones, the heat of his cock throbbing beneath my fingers, growing harder with every touch. I opened my mouth to keep teasing him, but the Lord had had enough.
He spun me around against his chest and grabbed me roughly, squeezing my ass. I barely had time to wrap my arms around his shoulders and hook my legs around his waist. He buried his face in my neck, sucking hard and lustfully. "Ahh..." ---- A moment later, he sat me on the table, one hand wrapped tightly in my hair. He pushed between my legs, pressing against my heat. He yanked my head back and lowered his mouth-fangs out- ready to devour me like a ravenous wolf.
Growling, desperate, giving in to pure instinct. "Mmmnn..." I moaned as his tongue dove in and his lips moved with hunger. Fire, pure fire tore through my veins. I wanted to bite him, drink from him, feel him feed me... I wanted this man more than I'd ever wanted anyone. "Fuck... woman... gggrr" he growled, pushing me back onto the table and sucking on my breasts like he owned them, while his cock ground against my soaked panties.
Thrusting like he was already fucking me for real The friction was divine-my clit was trembling I ran my fingers through his blond hair and arched my back. Hidden half in shadows, he pushed my areola between his teeth. ---- I could feel his need, the way he sucked like it was an addiction, his tongue playing with my nipple in every direction: I was dying for him to snap and show me what his wolf really craved. "Ssshhh... so good... mmnn...
Victoria..." Hearing him moan my name in the middle of all that heat shocked me. Raw, wild. Did he know me from before? "Aahhh..." I couldn't help but moan again when he bit me just right. I forgot my own name. "Drink from me... oh yes, Lord... more... baby... asshhh touch me between my legs..." I begged shamelessly, and I knew he would give me what I wanted. His head moved downward, my boots digging into the edge of the table.
 Read Full Novel → 
###Chapter 1321
---- I was completely exposed to him, the only thing left in the way ---- was the fabric of my panties. My pussy throbbed, screaming for him His nose brushed me as his mouth left a trail of feverish kisses down my body. We were one second away from falling into full-blown temptation when he was the first to break. No, no, no... NO!" He started repeating it like a broken record, grabbing the table and shaking it violently, his head jerking side to side.
He was forcing himself to snap out of this. "What... what's going on?" "Take your damn spell off me, you cursed vampire!" he suddenly shouted, stumbling back. All the heat from before vanished in an instant. "lm not... I'm not doing any compulsion," I said, trying to sit up, suddenly feeling way too exposed yanked my dress back up in a rush, squeezing my legs together. "I can't want a disgusting vampire.
This is all because you throw yourself at men so damn easily!" ---- He roared in rage, now looking at me like I was filthy, like what we just did disgusted him. "I didn't..." For the first time in my life, I had no words to defend myself. My throat tightened. I felt ashamed for giving in so easily, for letting him touch me, for wanting him. And now he saw me as just some easy slut "I don't do this with everyone, I..." I even started to explain myself. It hurt.
Goddess, it hurt to see that look of contempt in his eyes. "Well that's not what it looks like. If you keep playing like this with males, you're asking to be treated like a whore... exactly how you act." He stabbed me with no mercy. Before I could react, he turned his back and stormed toward the exit But before leaving, he delivered the final blow, one that cut straight through my chest like a dagger. ---- "What a waste. Maybe I shouldn't have killed my lieutenant.
Maybe you seduced him too, like you do with everyone else." He walked out of the tent without looking back. Leaving me half-naked on the table, clutching at my clothes, fists clenched, trembling. I bit my lower lip, filled with rage and humiliation... feelings I'd never known for anyone before. For the first time in my life... l cried I cried from a man's rejection.
 Read Full Novel → 
###Chapter 1322
---- 201. IN SEARCH OF A WITCH VICTORIA I had no idea how long I stayed there with my head down. Thinking over and over again about what had just happened. I've always been a spontaneous woman, even spoiled, I admit, thanks to my parents' easygoing way of raising me. I was used to taking whatever I wanted without thinking of the consequences. But this was the first time a man had rejected me.
He even accused me of using vampire seduction spells-those some of our kind used to enchant their victims. I didn't use any compulsion on him. I know he wanted me just as desperately as I wanted him. Why? Why am I so drawn to that rude, unpleasant man who treated me like I was nothing? "Could he be my mate?" I murmured, staring at the carpet, still clutching the dress to my ---- chest. I love the way he smells. His blood calls to me. My heart races just thinking about him. But I'm not sure...
Is that how the mate bond feels? "Besides, wolves are super possessive. If I were his mate, he would've known it right away..." My mind wandered, that lump in my throat still stuck, "What if he's hiding it? What if he's resisting it... because I'm a vampire?" I sighed, bringing my hand to my face Touching the tears I began wiping away with too much force. His words kept looping in my head, hurting more each time "Well, if you are my mate, it's obvious you rejected me.
Your loss." I jumped off the table and started tying up the straps of my dress. I'm a tough girl, a full-blooded vampire, and no grumpy wolf was going to ruin my self-esteem. I shoved all those confused feelings aside and focused on what ---- really mattered: getting the hell out of here. I walked carefully toward the exit, sniffing the air. But something felt off-there were no guards watching the area. In fact, the whole place looked deserted. Did he really think I wouldn't try to escape?
Scoffing in anger, I stepped out, ready to run into the woods, when a commotion erupted nearby. The pounding of hooves and shouted orders-the whole camp was mobilizing for some reason. "Wipe out that rebel group!" I heard the command--it sounded like the Beta's voice. I melted into the shadows as the riders stormed past the tent. Looking toward the back, I searched for an escape route. They had to be coming to execute me soon. No way they'd just leave me alive and unbound. But the riders charged forward, brutal and fast, kicking up dirt beneath their horses' hooves.
 Read Full Novel → 
###Chapter 1323
---- No one noticed me... until the last rider passed by. I stood frozen, hidden in the shadows, but I knew my red eyes would give me away. The horse neighed, pulling hard on the reins and stopping suddenly. Those pale eyes locked onto mine from beneath the black helmet with its plume of feathers. It was him... the Lord. We stared at each other again. He gave me that same intense look I still couldn't read. I waited for his next move.
But he turned to give an order, and I braced myself-this had to be my death sentence. "Keep watch on the other side only!" he roared over his shoulder to the guards left behind. "yal" He didn't even glance at me again before spurring the beast and racing off. I let out the breath I hadn't realized I was holding. My fists were clenched so tight I'd dug my nails into my palms. ---- "So, you're giving me a chance to disappear from your life," I whispered, my lips curving into a bitter smile.
That awful feeling in my chest didn't go away. It was spite. With no one guarding me, no ropes, and a nearly empty camp, I slipped into the shadows and headed into the forest. I'd find Rousse and carry out my plan. Now more than ever, I wanted to go home and forget that damn man even existed pees NARRATOR Rousse moved like a shadow through the forest. His presence didn't disturb the night animals around him. He was like the wind rushing through the trees. He had to hurry.
Leaving Miss Victoria alone hadn't been a great idea. She was too reckless and headstrong-a lethal mix from both her parents. ---- The towering man stopped on top of a hill, his silver eyes scanning the area like the moon itself, In the distance, he spotted a wisp of black smoke rising between the treetops. Someone was cooking in the woods But the scent that reached him wasn't witchcraft. Vampires. There was a vampire settlement dangerously close to the werewolf territory. A fight was coming.
All the more reason to speed up the search. Rousse was getting impatient-and patience was supposed to be one of his virtues. He turned, ready to run again, when a strange noise caught his attention. Silently, he blended back into the forest, following that odd trail. Then he saw it, in a clearing near a stream. There was a wild wolf-but something about it was all wrong. It was nothing but skin and bone, its fur and flesh falling off in ---- patches.
Parts of its skeleton and even internal organs were exposed. The smell of rot was coming from its body. What the hell was wrong with that animal? And how could it still be alive like that?
 Read Full Novel → 
###Chapter 1324
---- 202. A SWEET SORCERESS IN THE FOREST NARRATOR Rousse decided to get closer. The creature looked like it was in pain. He pulled a dagger from his boot, thick enough to pass for a short sword. He was going to give it a merciful end. But the moment the animal heard the crunch of stones under his steps, it turned around, alert. Gods, the front was even worse. Its eyes were lidless, the snout torn as if chunks had been bitten off. It bared its fangs, threatening and hostile. "Easy...
I just want to help, do you understand?" Rousse spoke in his deep voice. He knew damn well it wouldn't understand-this was a wild beast. Still, he was ready to take a few bites if needed... and that's ---- exactly what happened When he stepped in a bit more, the animal lunged and sank its teeth into the leather guard wrapped around his arm. Rousse raised the dagger, ready to end it quickly and with mercy, but then his eyes locked with the creature's.
Its pupils had turned completely white, like it had suddenly gone blind. They stared at him for a second, and Rousse felt the fear radiating from it. Something vibrated in the air around the wolf-something unnatural. He'd been around sorcery long enough to recognize magic when he felt it. The animal didn't even try to keep attacking. It had only wanted to scare him... and then took off running Rousse didn't hesitate to follow it into the forest.
He had a strong feeling it would lead him to the witches-and he was right. But nothing could have prepared him for what he saw next. ---- That poor body was already a corpse-no magic could keep it going. It collapsed to the ground, falling apart in chunks, and from it rose a black mist. A toxic cloud of calamity that crawled along the dirt. Rousse stood frozen as the fog began to take shape... into a woman. She dragged herself across the ground with great effort.
She was small, wearing a white dress covered in little flowers, with blonde hair streaked in pink. She leaned against a tree, breathing heavily, her head hanging low. Her hands were trembling as she tore the hem of her dress. What exactly was she doing? Rousse hesitated for a moment, just listening to the rapid beat of her heart. Her frantic breathing as she pressed the cloth to her face and tied it behind her head. There was no doubt about it-he'd found a sorceress.
 Read Full Novel → 
###Chapter 1325
---- He put the weapon away and slowly stepped forward, walking past the dying wolf. His mind was racing. He was terrible at talking to women. "H-Hi." He lowered his voice as much as possible, but still saw her flinch in fear. "I won't hurt you. I didn't know... I thought it was just an animal in pain," he explained why he'd almost killed the wolf. That calmed her down a bit. An awkward silence fell between them. "Damn it," Rousse cursed internally, completely lost.
oa "Can you do it?" a sweet voice asked out of nowhere. "Excuse me?" "End Ron's suffering. Please... I don't want him to suffer anymore .. please." She suddenly raised her head, and Rousse saw her clearly. ---- She had covered her eyes with the tom cloth, but even so, her beauty was impossible to hide. She looked like a porcelain doll. Pale skin with freckles scattered across her nose, cheeks flushed with color. Tears streamed down her delicate face. She bit her plump lower lip, which trembled.
Rousse had never seen a woman so beautiful Her tousled blonde hair fell across her forehead. "1..." He was speechless for a second. "Of course. I can do that." He finally said, turning to glance at the suffering wolf behind him. Rousse stepped forward and pulled out the dagger again. No hesitation, no mercy games. That creature was clearly in agony. He ran the blade across its throat without flinching. How many times had he killed in his life? He couldn't even remember the count anymore...
not the faces, not the screams. She was crying softly by the time he came closer. She looked ---- lost, vulnerable. "I'm looking for the witches who live in this forest. I have business with them-it's nothing bad. Can you help me?" He asked. "There are no witches left here. My mentor... her whole clan... when I came back, they were gone," she answered truthfully. Rousse frowned, doubtful. "I can pay for their spells.
I swear, I'm not with the wolves." "I'm not lying!" the sorceress said quickly, jumping to her feet like a spring. But as she tried to follow his voice, she tripped over some roots 'on the ground. "Ahh!" Rousse instinctively reached out, catching her as she fell against his hard chest. Her warm skin touched his cold, lifeless body. Her blonde hair tickled beneath his chin, and the breeze carried the sweet scent of spring flowers. "I'm sorry, I'm clumsy... I...
I can't see very well..." ---- She apologized shyly, trying to move away, but the moment her small hand touched his left pec, she froze. Meridiana, the sorceress, didn't feel a single heartbeat beneath her palm. Nothing. Like she had just touched... a corpse.
 Read Full Novel → 
###Chapter 1326
---- 203. I WANT TO KNOW MORE ABOUT YOU NARRATOR Could her senses already be fading so quickly? But she had just come from a living body. So focused on her discovery, she pressed her ear against his broad chest. Unaware of how inappropriate that was with a stranger. Sometimes, she was far too innocent, lacking any real social experience. Rousse stood there frozen stiff, absolutely beyond saving. I mean, that gorgeous woman was touching all over his chest and now practically clinging to him.
She was even smelling him Did she not realize how wildly inappropriate that was? "Miss..." he muttered, conflicted, trying to gently pull away. But Meridiana was fully enchanted, never in her life had she met a creature whose heart didn't beat. ---- "How are you even alive like this?" She looked up with pure curiosity. Still glued to him like gum. Rousse looked down and got lost in the refined lines of her face. He was starting to feel nervous-which was rare for an undead.
She looked so sweet, so innocent, so... alive. Everything he wasn't. He suddenly frowned. What the hell was he thinking? "I... have a special spell," he said shortly, stepping back and gently moving her away. Only then did the sorceress realize how intense she'd been. "Oh heavens, I'm sorry, I didn't mean to make you uncomfortable. It's just... I find you fascinating... I mean...
what kind of spell do you use?" She kept rambling As much as Rousse wanted to keep talking to her, he couldn't forget his mission. "I'm sorry, but I need to find the witches. Be careful in the forest." ---- He decided to leave-not because of her, but because of himself. He was glad she had tied that cloth over her eyes. A creature that beautiful shouldn't have to look at something like him. She seemed to have trouble seeing. "Of course, I...
I'm sorry I can't help you," Meridiana lowered her head, slightly embarrassed Seriously, what the hell was she thinking, grabbing a man like that and asking about his secrets? "I was looking for my mentor too... I think she was captured and taken to the capital's fortress." She added what she suspected at last. She had left for a while. She never really fit in with her own people. No one liked the strange, dark magic of an orphan. Only the old witch of the coven had taken her in and taught her how to survive.
 Read Full Novel → 
###Chapter 1327
---- When she returned from her time in isolation, the witches' camp ---- was gone. "Good night." Rousse tured his back and started walking away. But worry didn't let him get very far. "Holy Goddess, what am I doing?... She can take care of herself." He pinched the bridge of his nose with a grunt. But in the end, he turned back. He was surprised when he reached the clearing and saw a mound of dirt where the wolf's body had been. It seemed the little witch had buried him. Where was she now?
He looked around, following the scent of flowers. But before he could make sure she was okay, he heard a sharp scream further ahead. It was her! Rousse didn't think twice-he ran toward the sound of the cry. He arrived just in time to see her clinging desperately to the edge of a cliff. ---- "Hold on!" He shouted, lunging to grab her hand, but Meridiana couldn't hold on any longer-not even with her nails. With a scream, she fell from a dangerous height into the rushing river below.
Without hesitation, the undead General threw himself after her. The cold water wrapped around Meridiana's body and dragged her violently. All she could see in her world of blindness was darkness. Even her other senses were starting to fail. Her hearing, her touch-everything. She needed a body to inhabit again, to be able to feel. But everything her magic touched was corrupted and died. She was like a horrible parasite living inside others' bodies.
What kind of creature could possibly be strong enough to survive her dark energy? In the middle of whirlpools of despair, when she thought this. really was the end... muscular arms wrapped around her. That strong body shielded her from the rocks and the impact, ---- pulling her up to the surface. She clung to him tightly, burying her face in the solid wall of his chest. He felt so safe. She liked this new sensation. A lot. He smelled just like her. Like loneliness. Like longing.
Like the sweet embrace beyond death Can something be destroyed if it's already dead? ?Strange stranger... I want to know more about you...?
 Read Full Novel → 
###Chapter 1328
---- 204, ROMANTIC SCENE NARRATOR Rousse managed to cling to the edge of a rock and finally make it to shore. He was carrying the little sorceress pressed against his muscular body. She looked like a koala clinging to his chest, trembling from the cold. "Hang on, I'll start a fire to warm you up," he said, shaking his head to wring the water from his gray hair. His leather clothes felt heavy, but he wasn't cold, nor did he feel the pain from all the bruises and scrapes.
When he bent down to place her on a tree trunk, Meridiana lifted her head to thank him. That's when Rousse noticed it. Her bandage had fallen off. Her eyes were covered with a white veil of blindness, her very light eyelashes glistening with moisture. ---- Around them, deep scars stretched like a stain on a beautiful painting Meridiana also felt the wind brush against her face. She was showing this man her flaws, her shame.
"Don't look at me!" she shouted, burying her face in his neck, trembling even more. No, no, no... he would surely be disgusted. It wasn't enough that she had shown him her horrible magic, now he had also seen her hideous eyes. Rousse didn't know what to do-she was on the verge of tears. All because of a few little scars? If she could see his scars, she'd probably die of fright. "I... I didn't see anything," he lied, gently patting her back. His other hand went stiff beneath her butt.
This position had seemed very appropriate to save her... but not anymore. The sorceress's legs were still wrapped tightly around his waist. ---- He could feel her warm breath against his neck, her arms around his strong shoulders. The softness of her breasts against his chest and-he didn't even want to talk about that private part brushing against his abs. He swallowed hard. If he could get an erection, he was sure he'd be aroused right now. ?What the hell are you thinking, Rousse?
The poor girl is upset and you've got your head full of filth.? "Really? Swear to me you didn't see my scars," a whisper in his ear made him shiver. Was she doing this on purpose? "Scars? What scars?" he played dumb. "I don't have any! None at all!" she shouted in his ear. Rousse couldn't help but lower his head and smirk. "alright, I believe you then," he whispered. It really didn't make sense that someone as innocent as her would be doing any of this on purpose.
---- Besides, what would she gain from it? Eventually, he managed to sit her on a tree trunk and discreetly stepped away to let her wrap another wet cloth around herself. It was clear she didn't like showing her blindness, and he respected that. He knew what it was like to feel different... because he was different. And people could hurt you deeply with their unfiltered curiosity.
He crouched down to start a fire, wondering what to do with this little companion who clearly had no plans of leaving anytime soon. "Thanks for saving me. You're very trustworthy," she said, and he looked up at her voice. His hands froze, the flint stones sent out a few sparks. She was smiling at him and looked like a little sun in the middle of the night. "My name's Meridiana... What's yours? Are you a vampire, a werewolf?... No, no-because of your spell, you must be a warlock..."
 Read Full Novel → 
###Chapter 1329
---- "My name's Rousse. I'm... undead," Rousse decided to tell the truth. "I died and was brought back with black magic." He lowered his head, not wanting to see her reaction. Even if she had done that weird thing with the dying wolf, maybe this was just too much. And there it was... the awkward silence. Meridiana didn't say a word, and he just watched the flames slowly catch on the wood shavings. With a sigh, he figured it was time for a proper goodbye.
But a joyful shout pulled him right out of his bubble of bitterness. "So that means you can carry dark magic inside you?!" "Wait, Meridiana... careful!" He had to catch her when she nearly tripped into the fire. She was in full excitement mode. Rousse fell back onto the grass and she landed right on top of him, touching his face. "No, wait..." he tried to grab her hands as her tiny fingers traced ---- the scars on his skin-and his were actually horrible.
"Tell me, Rousse, is it true you can't die? Are you... immortal?" Her face was just inches from his. She had both his cheeks in her hands, so he couldn't even move. "L.. I think so..." He was getting really nervous with those plump lips so close. The smell of flowers rushed into his nose, heating up the blood he didn't even have. He was a strange kind of undead... how could someone who had already died feel love? Rousse figured it was just some lingering reflex from when he was alive.
He had already given up on ever finding a mate-so why was he holding on to something impossible? But there she was, Meridiana, unafraid, unbothered by his ugliness, fascinated by the fact that he was a man who had cheated death. "Tell me, Rousse, is it okay if I do this?" The little witch opened her mouth slowly and a dark mist slipped ---- from her lips. A breath of black magic entered through Rousse's mouth and seeped into his system. It didn't hurt... no-it did hurt... he was in pain!
His eyes widened as he swallowed. The burning was in his throat, where the intense power merged with his dead cells and seemed to bring them to life. "Do it again," he said, gripping her waist. Meridiana opened her mouth wider, just a breath away from Rousse's lips. Anyone looking from the wrong angle would've thought they were kissing-or about to. That's exactly how Victoria found them. Following the trail of her general, she arrived just in time to see the scene in the clearing by the river.
"But... what...?" She was speechless at the sight of Rousse sitting on the ground with a woman straddling him. She was holding his face, he had his hands on her waist, and ---- they looked about to make out. Rousse clearly hadn't wasted a second. "Am I interrupting?"
 Read Full Novel → 
###Chapter 1330
---- 205. DO YOU LIKE MY GIFT? NARRATOR "Miss Victoria!" he jolted when he heard her voice. He looked like a lover caught red-handed. Meridiana's lips ended up wet against his cheek as he turned his head. If Rousse could blush, he'd be redder than a tomato. "This... isn't what it looks like..." "Oh, really?" Victoria couldn't help teasing him. She eyed the woman who had just pulled away. She was cute. "Should I leave?
Do you need some alone time with your girlfriend?" "She's not my girlfriend!" he even blurted nervously. He didn't want Meridiana to get the wrong idea. "And who is she, Rousse?" the witch's quiet voice asked. Her hands clutched his heavy cloak like she was afraid he'd push her away. ---- For some reason, she looked tense and a little bitter. Who was this woman talking to him so confidently? Rousse used the moment to gently set her down and take a step back. "This is Miss Victoria.
I work for her family. And she's... Meridiana, a sorceress," Rousse introduced them, clearly uncomfortable. Victoria kept giving him that mocking look. "Nice to meet you, Meridiana," she extended her hand, but the witch didn't respond. She stood there like a little dependent creature next to the broad- shouldered general. Rousse subtly gestured toward the girl's eyes. Victoria understood it wasn't just a quirky witch outfit-she really couldn't see. She slowly lowered her hand. "I...
'm glad to meet you too." She said it so reluctantly that the vampire nearly laughed. ---- It was obvious she didn't appreciate her "friendly" moment with Rousse getting interrupted. Very interesting. Victoria wasn't even mad-truthfully, her mood had improved thanks to this pair. "Well then, since we're all friends here, let's chat soe "Are you sure the wolves have witches imprisoned?" Victoria frowned. The three of them were sitting around the fire.
"When I returned to my clan, there was a smell of werewolves... but I think vampires too. I'm not sure, my senses... aren't that good." Meridiana lowered her head, being honest. "Can you remove the restrictions-at least from us?" Victoria was trying to find a way out. "My magic... it's a little strange... not as good as the other witches'," she added, glancing toward Rousse.
In her mind, the general was showing Victoria what he'd seen ---- with the dying wolf What kind of power did this girl have? "Can you also bring dead creatures back to life?' the vampire got straight to the point. "No, it doesn't work like that," she denied with a sigh, debating whether to talk about her oddities. "My magic works better on creatures that are one step away from death, stuck between the world of the living and the dead," she began to explain.
"I can enter their bodies, and that's when my power 'blooms', she added with a hint of sarcasm. "Lextend their lives, heal their sickness, even share some of my magical powers... but it never lasts forever." She sighed sadly. "In the end, none of them can handle my energy... it's too corrosive and overpowering... like my friend Ron." "And have you tried with someone who's already dead?" Victoria suddenly got interested. Necromancy wasn't exactly her thing, not like her father or the Selenias, but it was still part of her heritage.
 Read Full Novel → 
###Chapter 1331
---- "Let's say... someone like Rousse." Rousse frowned. This whole thing sounded off in too many ways. "No, I've never met anyone like him. I was just testing earlier. Did my power hurt you?" She asked the general. Truthfully, it hadn't hurt... It had felt awful. But in a way that reminded him of being alive. "It didn't hurt me," was all he said. Victoria's mind was working at full speed. She was intrigued. "Rousse, would you let her use her magic on you?" She asked silently.
He thought it over. Truth was... he wanted it. What did he have to lose? Die again? "Fine." "Okay, it's settled. Meridiana, Rousse agrees to let you experiment on him." ---- As soon as she said it, Victoria realized how that could be taken the wrong way. She was going to clarify, but the little witch didn't even notice. "Really?! Rousse, are you okay with me penetrating your body?!" "What?" Pfft -Victoria had to hold in a laugh at her general's mortified expression. "What happened?
You don't want to, right?" Meridiana's mood dropped. She knew it was dangerous. "Let's not word it like that, okay? I prefer 'experiment,' and yes, I agree," Rousse sighed. He had no idea how this girl had survived this long. After a few minutes, things got serious. Victoria watched from the side. In the middle of some runes drawn with charcoal on the ground, the two of them stood face to face. Meridiana started chanting her macabre spell.
---- The wind suddenly vibrated and roared through the leaves. It howled low, like ghosts circling the forest. The sorceress moved her hands and four fires ignited at the cardinal points of the circle. Her spell wove itself without stopping. She stepped forward and tilted her head up. "Open your mouth, Rousse," she whispered, and he did. That same dark mist began pouring from her again, flooding his system without end.
Victoria frowned, noticing that after a while, Rousse's expression didn't look right. "Rousse, do you want to stop?" -she took a step forward, ready to intervene. "Nnno, don't... whatever... happens... don't stop..." He could barely form the words His nerve endings, one by one, were coming back to life, feeling sensations he thought were long gone. The black mist grew more intense-not just from Meridiana's ---- body, but also from the runes.
 Read Full Novel → 
###Chapter 1332
---- It surrounded them like a curtain of smoke. The chant weaved into the wind, and the moon hid behind the clouds. The last thing Victoria saw was Rousse falling to his knees in front of the black silhouette of a woman passing through his body. She had never seen the most powerful man in her father's army look like he was in so much agony, and she nearly stepped in. Then her vision went black.
She stared at the swirling darkness spinning and spinning, until the wind slowly cleared the mist-and from it emerged the silhouette of a man. Victoria narrowed her eyes... and then they widened. She could count on one hand the times she'd been left speechless "Who... Who the hell are you and what did you do with Rousse?! Sorceress, if this is some kind of joke...!" "It's me... Miss Victoria... it's... Rousse..." ---- Victoria shook her head in disbelief.
She had known that man since she was born. Rousse had always been the shadow watching over her by her father's command. Whenever there was danger, he was the first one summoned. She knew exactly what he looked like-or at least, what he looked like as an undead. But the man with light hair and gray eyes standing before her looked very alive. She could even swear she heard a heartbeat. What kind of magic was this? "Can you imagine what you look like now?" she asked, and he frowned, confused.
Okay... there it was, that classic general expression. "Go look at yourself in the river," she pointed, and even her hand trembled. He walked hesitantly toward the shore. Victoria saw his broad back, the ash-blond hair falling down his ---- neck. Strands with a healthy shine, like his skin-pale, but with a golden glow. That sorceress's magic was a true miracle. Something capable of turning undead Rousse back into the man he once was.
When those intense, masculine gray eyes met his reflection in the water, a few wet drops slipped from them and rolled down his cheek. He didn't even remember how to stop them. Were these... tears? "Rousse, do you like my gift?"
 Read Full Novel → 
###Chapter 1333
---- 206. THAT VAMPIRE DOESN'T BELONG TO YOU! NARRATOR The soft voice echoed in his head. The sensation of that magic circling in his mind, feeding his dead body, was something beyond words. "I..." Rousse didn't know what to say. He touched his face and neck, his memories jumbled. "Is this an illusion?" "It's not an illusion... well, I can't make it permanent, but while I'm in your body, I can bring you back to how you used to be.
You look so handsome!" Meridiana could "see" the world through Rousse's eyes, feel everything his sharpened senses transmitted. The reflection of the handsome, masculine man, with square, sexy features, made her heart beat in a way she couldn't explain. She loved how her magic resonated with Rousse. He was special. "Yeah, I like your gift... a lot... Thank you." ---- His raspy voice sounded choked by all the feelings that were still new to him, Meridiana smiled, satisfied.
It was the first time someone had thanked her for her gift. The general wiped away a tear with his fingertip, struggling to adjust to the miraculous transformation. "Rousse, are you okay?" Victoria asked softly. Several minutes passed as he just stared at the water. "I guess..." He sounded distant. His thoughts also drifted to his past. His memories were a black hole-he didn't even know how he died. Zarek had told him a vague story, but Rousse knew the vampire prince had lied.
Something horrible had happened to him, and he didn't dare dig into it. ---- "Rousse, Meridiana's magic is amazing. Do you feel okay?" "Yeah... I feel... alive." The general finally turned around. Victoria was once again stunned by the changes. "But it's not permanent. Only when she's with me," he added, placing a hand on his chest. It was beating. It actually beat, as if his heart had been brought back to life. "If my father knew the magic this witch has, he'd die of envy.
Honestly, if I didn't know who you were, I'd mistake you for a werewolf." "Why a werewolf?" "Well, to me, she feels like the spirits of the wolves, inside of..." Victoria's words trailed off as a realization struck her. "Meridiana, if a werewolf tries to look into Rousse, can you appear as his inner wolf?" Victoria's chest rose and fell fast. "Well, I've never tried, but I can mimic any form.
Like this?" Victoria used her vampiric senses and could definitely sense a ---- wolf-shaped shadow inside the general Still, she wasn't of that race and couldn't be sure. Maybe the scent would give them away. They needed to test it. "I have a crazy idea. I know how we can infiltrate the wolves' capital." When Rousse heard those words, a terrible feeling hit him. Hearing Victoria's plan sounded insane in every possible way, but he had to admit it was their best chance.
"We need to get you better clothes and gather information from the other fiefdoms, Noble Wolf." She teased poor Rousse, who stepped back, unconvinced. He was about to refuse when a little voice spoke inside him. "Rousse, I'm hungry. Can we eat something tasty in the nearby town?" And that was enough to convince the general. His little witch couldn't go hungry. sob
 Read Full Novel → 
###Chapter 1334
---- They reached an inn in a border town and checked in. Some werewolf merchants preferred living in areas near other territories. This place was a kind of underworld for smuggling, and you could spot some vampires from other regions too. Victoria learned that of the four fiefdoms in this realm, two were still under vampire control. She once asked Marius why they didn't escape to those lands, but he said it wasn't that simple. They gathered valuable intel and built their story on solid ground.
And it was a fact-other werewolves got confused by Meridiana's magic. At first, they found the general's scent a bit odd, but after that, they didn't pay him any mind. So he was a weird werewolf, so what? This whole realm was crawling with weirdness That day they were finishing the last details of their plan and buying clothes more fitting for their act. cereees ---- "What do you think of these? They're practical." Victoria tried on the shorts and the underdress.
Where had they gotten the money to survive? Better not to ask. Although a few gold bags were "borrowed" from some smugglers. Meridiana was the judge. She stretched her hands and felt the fabric. "I don't know, if you're going to play a slave, they feel too fancy, she said, hesitating. "Well, that rough material itches, and this goes underneath...
no need to live miserably." They were in the middle of their girly talk when the door flew open and Rousse stormed in from his post in the dark hallway. "Rousse! I'm in my underwear!" "I've got bad news," the undead man didn't flinch. He had even changed Victoria's diapers before. + "There are important wolves outside the tailoring shop. I heard them come in. We need to leave..." ---- "Wasn't the plan to interact with them?" Victoria hesitated.
"I think they're from the fortress." The vampire's heart skipped a beat. They weren't ready to face the Lord and his warriors just yet. The plan had to develop step by step. But fate had a weird way of weaving itself. They heard voices and footsteps outside. "I thought the noble was here, maybe he left without me noticing..." They heard the tailor's apprentice say, right before she headed to open their door. "Meridiana, quick!
Get inside Rousse!" Victoria shouted, tangled up in clothes and causing a mess. Luckily, the complex magic ritual only had to be done once when sealing the bond. The feminine shadow entered the undead's body, reviving it and altering his strange appearance.
 Read Full Novel → 
###Chapter 1335
---- "Wait, damn it! I left the dress in that basket! Help me, Rousse!" "No time!" The general stepped in front of her just as the door opened. His broad back shielded Victoria, who stood there in her undergarments. "Oh! I'm sorry, I didn't know... you were busy..." The assistant blushed. It wasn't the first time two clients got intimate in the fitting rooms. That's what it looked like.
"It's fine, I was just choosing a few garments for my vampire slave..." Rousse immediately slipped into character, speaking with authority. "M-Master, the clothes are in that basket," Victoria even lowered her head and spoke submissively. Her throat felt dry every time she had to submit like that, but it was Rousse, so it was okay. ---- Things got tense when she moved around him to reach the basket near the door.
Her eyes rose and locked on a regal woman and a man standing behind the apprentice. Victoria went pale. What the hell was that man doing here?! "Let's just go to another shop," said the blonde woman with a snobby tone, looking at her with disgust But the man didn't move a muscle. He couldn't, even if he wanted to. Now he understood why he had felt such a strange pull to enter this place, even though he hated going shopping with women.
He froze in place as his hazel eyes pierced through the female in the fitting room. He took in the curves of her breasts barely contained by the loose camisole. The lacy shorts clung to her thighs, exposing those pale legs. Those spellbinding red eyes stared right back at him, shifting from surprise to pure ice. What kind of fcking coincidence was this?* ---- He had let her go, fighting against his wild desire to claim her! The worst part was the man standing between them, blocking his view.
The Lord of the Wolves narrowed his furious eyes, drilling into the male who dared claim ownership of his vampire. "Who the hell gave you the right to claim a vampire from my realm?"
 Read Full Novel → 
###Chapter 1336
---- 207. DAMN HYPOCRITE. VICTORIA My blood was boiling. How dare that damn wolf treat me like a piece of meat? "Vampire from his realm?" Rousse's rough voice echoed. "Sir, you're mistaken." "How dare you speak to your Lord like that?!" "He's not my Lord," Rousse stepped forward, hostile, answering the woman who stood beside the lycan. "Insolent!" "Shut up, Celia!" the beast's enraged and piercing voice bounced off the walls. I stayed behind Rousse, but I could feel his fury.
What was wrong with this bipolar bastard? "I don't give a fuck where you're from," he growled at Rousse, and I heard his footsteps closing in. "That woman is part of the rebel vampires from my realm. I ---- demand you hand her over peacefully, or I'll take her by force." Was this asshole serious?! "I came looking for my runaway slave and found her in the forest. Are you stealing slaves in your realm now?" Rousse wasn't one to get stepped on, but the Lord's patience was wearing thin.
"I'm being civil for the ladies' sake, but one more disrespectful word and I'll tear you apart, no matter who you are." "I'm a noble from the Untamed Bloodline realm," Rousse pulled out the information we'd gathered. Fearless. Unshaken. Like a man who'd never feared death. The territories were too far apart for the Lord to know every noble by name. "I was under the impression that Iron Fortress and Untamed Bloodline were allies. Do we really have to fight over a slave?" the general chimed in.
A tense silence hung in the air. I could feel the pressure building in Rousse. The Lord was sizing ---- him up. I started to get nervous. This wasn't just any wolf. He was a lycan. Would he figure out Meridiana's magic? After a few seconds that felt like an eternity, he spoke again. "Prove to me she's your slave. Because that woman was inciting the vampires in my realm." "I'm sorry, sir, but I must disagree.
Actually, the rebels from your realm took me prisoner," I lied through my teeth, peeking from behind Rousse. His sharp pupils locked on my face so intensely I almost stepped back-but no, I'd never back down to him again. "How dare a filthy vampire speak to the Lord like that?" I heard that woman's hiss behind him. I wanted to rip out her venomous tongue. My ruby eyes bore into her, but I kept my aggressive aura in check. "Show me some proof that she's yours," he still wasn't letting up. I could swear his fangs were starting to show.
 Read Full Novel → 
###Chapter 1337
---- His jaw muscles were so tight, the veins were bulging through his skin. "She bears the mark of my house in a private place," Rousse answered. Thank the Goddess my father gave him a brain. He was a natural strategist. "Show me!" the Lord roared, snorting, glaring at the general's throat. This was a hair away from turning into a disaster. "Master, if the Lord insists so much..." I said, racking my brain for what the fuck to show him. "No! The tattoo is in a very intimate spot.
You will not show your private parts in front of another man." Rousse had fully embraced the role of my master and he was protecting me. Things were not going well. "Avery... intimate spot?" Oh, Goddess. That sounded more like a pre-massacre growl than a question. ---- "Sir, it's better to let this go. It's not worth making enemies with another werewolf realm over a sla... Lord!" I heard the woman's shout followed by a savage roar, and then a beast lunged at Rousse.
It happened so fast, the general didn't even have time to react. A crushing punch landed on Rousse's jaw. I heard bones crack, and he staggered back-but he didn't fall He squared his shoulders, ready to fight the Lord head-on. This wasn't good. They could accuse us of defiance and lock us up. "Master, no...!" I screamed, rushing to separate them. But then I saw the face of that wolf, half-shifted into his lycan form, fur sprouting in patches. He couldn't transform here!
His claws reached out toward Rousse's throat, and Rousse wasn't about to back down either. Driven by rage and panic, I managed to slip around Rousse and place myself right in front of him. ---- "VICTORIA, NO!" He shouted, grabbing my shoulders to push me aside. We were so fast that everything happening in a blink felt like slow motion, "Don't you dare push me aside, Rousse, that's an order!" I used all my Vlad aura and embedded it in that command.
His claws were inches from my face, my eyes locked onto the depths of those savage orbs. I don't know why I did it, why I was so sure he wouldn't hurt me... But he didn't. At the last second, he swung his claws away and slammed them into a wooden column instead. The deep marks he left nearly tore down the entire support. Goddess, that strike could've killed me. "What the hell are you doing?!
I could've hurt you!" His furious eyes shifted into something that looked almost like anguish and concern. Damn hypocrite. ---- "I'd give my life for my Master if I had to. He's the only male who's worth it. Please, my Lord, leave us alone. I won't cause any more trouble in your realm." I said it without flinching, ignoring the dull pain in my chest. I could hear his racing heart betraying his emotions. He wasn't in full control like he wanted to pretend.
He lowered his hand and didn't say a word. Just stared at me. Those contradictions were clear in his expression What the hell was he fighting against? His silence was starting to piss me off. And right in the middle of that frozen scene, someone showed up to help. "Lord!"
 Read Full Novel → 
###Chapter 1338
---- 208. THE MOST IMPORTANT MAN. VICTORIA Suddenly, his Beta burst into the cramped room that was already overcrowded. The moment he saw me, he frowned, instantly picking up on the dangerous situation. "My Lord, the cargo is ready. We can return to the fortress," he said quietly, like he was dealing with a wild beast. Rousse stepped to my side, shooting me one of his disapproving looks.
The Lord stood still, hesitating, He kept glancing back and forth between Rousse and me, probably debating whether to rip us apart or take us prisoner, "Let's go." I almost let out a sigh when he barked out that command. He stormed off the same way he came in, that clingy little woman trailing behind him like a piece of gum stuck to his heel. Double standard. ---- If he let me go, why the hell did he want me back now? The room was nearly empty. "Pack up everything we bought.
We're taking it," Rousse told the poor maid trembling in the corner. I didn't blame her-the oppressive aura that had filled the place made her inner wolf whimper in pain. The weight of that hierarchy was overwhelming. As we walked through the narrow streets after leaving the shop, I noticed the change immediately. It was obvious the Lord was around. There wasn't a single street vendor or smuggler in sight. They were terrified of breaking any rules.
"He's got a good left hook, that guy," Rousse muttered, rubbing his chin. "Rousse, I'm going to heal you!" Meridiana cried, clearly distressed. "No, no, leave it. I kind of like... feeling some pain for a change." I heard them talking in his mind as we walked back to the inn. ---- Still, my own attention kept drifting back to everything that had happened. "I don't know if this is good or bad," I sighed. "That man's got some special interest in you.
Something tells me we'll be getting into the fortress sooner than planned." And the general was absolutely right. I didn't know what the Lord of these lands was playing at, but his harassment was far from over. cereees "Ow... Meridiana, woman, are you still mad about Rousse getting punched?" I hissed from the pain as she magically tattooed my groin. Honestly, with how angry and blind she was, those two little initials felt like bolts of lightning.
"'m not mad," she stepped back, but those puffed-up cheeks betrayed her, She was so damn cute I couldn't even be mad at her-though her finger almost slipped and branded my pussy. "Well, if you say so... How long will this last?" I asked, glancing ---- down at the Z and V. Now that I thought about it, getting my father's initials tattooed on my crotch was... a bit "unusual." But I had no idea whose else to put, and we'd agreed Rousse would go by the name Zarek.
We didn't know if the Lord would investigate. If he knew my name, maybe he knew the general's too. Luckily, Rousse looked so different now, it'd be impossible to recognize him. "Maybe in a month it'll fade-it's not permanent. I'm leaving," she said, summoning her mist. But in the middle of vanishing, she added, "I like you, Victoria, I really do. And I've seen that Rousse cares about you a lot.
But I don't like that he keeps putting himself in danger for your crazy plans." Her words caught me off guard, even came off a little cold. "I won't let anyone hurt him. He's already suffered too much. So think about him too next time you go off doing something reckless."
 Read Full Novel → 
###Chapter 1339
---- And with that, she disappeared through the walls with her mist spell. I was left a little speechless. Rousse had suffered? When? But I couldn't argue with her. I admitted that sometimes I went too far. It wasn't my intention to involve anyone. I trusted my power. But still, I knew they would worry and step in. Rousse felt indebted to my father. I flopped onto the hard bed of the old room to think about my current situation. Still, my damn mind kept drifting back to him.
hated that he meant so much to me. "I'm going to eat," I grumbled, leaving my room just as I heard Rousse's door open too. "Going to have dinner?" he asked, and I nodded. "I'll join you and bring an extra plate up." ---- "Of course, your girlfriend has to eat," I teased. "Miss, please, stop... she's going to get upset," he mumbled, clearly embarrassed "And you really don't want her angry, trust me. She's a real beast He raised a brow, confused, but I didn't explain.
Something told me he'd have to face his "wife" head-on in the future anyway. cereees That night, we ate in the tavern's cantina, which had livened up a bit with some werewolf guests. They all stared at me in different ways, but no one dared approach with intimidating Rousse at my side. That is, until a few drunk ones came over, offering to pay for a song to liven up the night. "We'll buy a few minutes of your slave," said one of them, half- bald.
"Vampires usually have good voices." "I don't think that's-" "Sir... if you allow it, I can sing," I interrupted. ---- "Rousse, don't be so boring," I huffed, walking over to the wooden bar. They even helped me climb up. I loved singing. Females of my race often wove compulsion into their songs to enchant their poor victims. "Sing us something nostalgic! requested. the one who had paid Rousse "Gentlemen, for you, my favorite song..." But my cheery mood and intro were cut off in an instant.
A group of rough-looking males walked into the tavern, freezing the entire room. "M-My Lord, I didn't know you'd be visiting this humble inn," the owner nearly pissed himself upon seeing the Lord among his warriors. There were five impressive wolves, and of course, the Beta, who spoke up. "Bring us the best your kitchen has to offer," he ordered, tossing some generous coins.
---- The guests began standing up, clearing the place to make room for him I tried hard not to look at him, but I knew from the moment he walked in that he hadn't taken his eyes off me. "Well, I guess it'll have to be another time," I muttered bitterly. "There's no need to leave or stop on our account. If you were going to sing, then sing," he even had the damn nerve to order me. Sitting down with his men at a discreet comer table. The whole room was tense, everyone stiff in their seats.
"I don't want to disturb your lordship..." "That wasn't a suggestion," he said, his gaze burning into me. "If you were about to sing for all these men who paid for your service, then sing already... your master gave you permission." Arrogant. Idiot. Bastard I'm going to sing "The Killer Cobra" and hope my venom poisons you to death, damn lycan! "This song is dedicated to the most important man in my life... Zarek."
 Read Full Novel → 
###Chapter 1340
---- 209. I CARRY YOU IN MY HEART NARRATOR Victoria had only mentioned her father's name to be annoying, but when she started singing, her real feelings came pouring out. Standing on top of the bar, her lips began to hum one of Zarek's, favorite songs. The memories floated back into her mind as she closed her eyes. Back in the palace hall, with the warm fireplace crackling, consuming the wood...
She was just a little girl, and her father would ask her to sing that melody about unconditional love, separation, and longing. Victoria had learned it since she was small and always sang it for him. She could feel that Zarek would get a little sad, that the memories would take him back to something from the past. The notes drifted beautifully through the air, tangled with all of Victoria's memories. The candlelight in the tavern flickered, dimming and wrapping ---- the place ina half-lit mood.
Vampire magic cast a spell over everyone's heart, Victoria's melancholy seeping into their very souls. But the one hit the hardest was the Lord of the wolves. His clenched fist trembled on the table. That craving in his chest was growing wildly out of control. He wanted her so badly. A woman from that damned race he absolutely loathed. And he had good reasons. Very powerful ones. Wolves hadn't always been the masters.
From the start of this cursed realm, the real masters were those despicable beings: vampires. He was born in chains, with a steel collar around his neck. The image of his people treated like animals, the screams for mercy, the tragic life of his mother-they were still nightmares that haunted him Wanting her this way made him feel like a traitor... to his people, to that sweet woman who gave him life and sacrificed her dignity so he could survive.
---- Victoria's spell was a curse he couldn't shake off. From the first time the wind carried her intoxicating scent, he hadn't forgotten her for a second, no matter how hard he tried. He'd done everything he could to stay away. He'd even allowed her little skirmishes with those rebel rats. He didn't want to hurt her. He'd let her go, even at the cost of his pride. But fate insisted on throwing them together again.
And now she was there, singing to another male, dedicating that beautiful song to someone else. Dracomir was drowning in so many emotions he was about to roar in pure frustration. For the first time, he was thankful that his wolf had been swallowed up by the curse of that lycan beast. Something inside him told him that if his animal side were still alive, it would've marked and claimed her on the spot.
He wasn't sure, not without his wolf, but he suspected his obsession with Victoria had something to do with the mate bond. ---- His chest tightened when he saw tears roll down her beautiful closed eyes. Just like that night when he said those awful words to hurt her, to make her hate him. A twisted, ironic smile curled on the corner of the Lord's lips, lost in his dark cloud of shadows. He had walked away shattered.
His feet refused to take him further, even when his entire will screamed to go back and hold her. To melt into her body the way he ached to. To finally tell her how he really felt. "Victoria, how the hell am I supposed to escape from what you make me feel?" he murmured in his mind, unable to tear his gaze from her. Victoria was reaching the last verses Her hands moved in the air as she sang with so much emotion that more than one person had drifted into their own heartbreaks.
Wet tears fell from her eyes before she could stop them. She missed her home, her family, her mother's kisses and her father's hugs.
 Read Full Novel → 
###Chapter 1341
---- The vampire half-opened her teary eyes and saw Rousse standing in front of her. She remembered what the prince once told her about this sad song. "It belongs to an old friend. I wasn't the first to fall for those notes... someone else was the true owner of that melody." When he said that, Zarek's eyes had drifted to the window, where Rousse trained outside. Victoria never really understood it, and she still didn't.
But seeing Rousse-what little she had left of home-made her miss it even more. She finished the last notes with her throat nearly closing up and immediately climbed down from the bar. It was like everyone suddenly snapped out of their daze. One man started clapping, and then the rest followed, praising her beautiful performance. Victoria didn't stop. She walked out the door in search of fresh air. "Miss..." Rousse followed her straight to the reception area.
---- "Rousse, don't follow me, just... I need a few minutes. I'll be fine." The general watched her back as she walked toward the street under the starry night He sighed but gave her the space. Then suddenly, he brought a hand to his chest and lowered his gaze, filled with melancholy too. That song had stirred up too many things in his heart. His head hurt. Meridiana's magic was reviving more than just his body. Things in his mind, buried memories, were trying to resurface.
Memories that would hurt him deeply. The sorceress could feel all his contradictions. But she stayed quiet. Living inside someone so complex was nothing like being inside an animal Rousse's past life, his tragedies, the sorrows someone had hidden deep in his mind so he would never find them... she had seen them. ---- But she wouldn't bring them back to Rousse. Some things were better left forgotten. 'eho VICTORIA I walked out into the street and started wandering through the village.
My shadow moved slowly through the empty alleys. My mind had calmed down a bit, but my emotions were still raw. That's why I didn't realize until much later... someone had been following me the whole time. A powerful shadow moved behind me. And I realized-it wasn't the first time. So many times I went out stealing with the vampires, I had felt that same sensation. It was him. It's always been him. I turned around in the dark alley, near the inn, fury burning through my veins.
---- "What do you want from me?! Just say it already! Why the hell won't you leave me alone if you hate me so much?!"
 Read Full Novel → 
###Chapter 1342
---- 210. THE REBELLIOUS SLAVE VICTORIA I was so angry and confused. He didn't move or say a word, hiding at the other end of the alley, in the almost impenetrable darkness. But those intense hazel eyes, glowing like golden amber, gave him away. And the steady beat of his heart that kept getting faster, like he was nervous. Bullshit. I'm done falling for the stupid signs I think I'm picking up from this wolf. "I'm so done with your tough-guy act.
Go to hell if you don't want to talk to me..." That line alone was enough to get me beheaded for talking to the ruler of these lands like that, but that arrogant bastard can kiss my ass. I turned around, ready to leave. "Why were you crying?" his deep voice suddenly asked me. "You were sad... didn't you say you liked your master? Did you run ---- away because he mistreats you? Are you afraid of him?" Those last questions hissed through his teeth.
I stood there for a second, my back to him, sighing, just wanting to walk away. "My relationship with my master is none of your business, and neither is whether I'm sad or not. That's my problem. Just leave me alo-Damn it, what the hell!" I roared as he grabbed my arm and shoved me against the cold wall. A massive body leaned over mine, his hand wrapping around my throat. "Let go of me, you arrogant bastard!" I hissed full of hostility.
"That filthy mouth of yours ever say anything without cussing?" he growled, his face just inches from mine. My heart skipped a beat My treacherous body began to stir, despite my resistance. "L only owe respect to my master," I said, lifting my chin defiantly. Our eyes clashed like sparks, our breaths heavy. ---- His dominant pheromones wrapped around me like a trap. I braced myself for an offensive, cruel response... but, as always, he did the opposite of what I expected.
Suddenly, his thumb brushed my cheek, right where the tears had fallen. He did it so softly, so gently. A caress so tender it made my throat tighten. "Tell me the truth. Is he really your master? Is that man threatening you?" he whispered again, his aura dimming, his brow furrowing. "Why the hell do you care about the life of a shameless vampire who hooks up with anyone?" I said bitterly. "Victoria, no... damn it, I didn't mean to call you that..." "Oh really?
And what were you gonna call me...? Hmmm..." His warm palm covered my mouth. I shot him a deadly glare for silencing me. "I can only imagine the colorful insults you're throwing at me... I wonder if these lips are that energetic in everything." ---- His hoarse voice dropped to a sensual tone. "I've got a proposition. Just for one hour," he said, lifting one finger in front of my face. "Let's forget everything for one hour. The hate you feel for me and my stupid words." "Hmmm..." "Shhh, no.
No more insults..." he hushed me when I started to protest again. "After that hour, we go back to our roles, whatever you want. But just for now, let's pretend we've never met..." His fingers moved slowly, teasing the sensitive curve of my lips. I watched his face getting closer, messing with everything inside me. I froze when he kissed the tip of my nose with a tenderness he'd never shown me before. "That you're not a vampire, and I'm not a werewolf. That I'm just aman who wants you...
who wants to show you the city..." Even his own thoughts were betraying him His mouth slid across my forehead, my cheeks, down to place a wet kiss on the corner of my lips. I felt so small against that wall, his heavy body pressing into mine, inch by inch.
 Read Full Novel → 
###Chapter 1343
---- His hot breath brushed against my lips, and those greedy pupils locked onto me. He moved slowly, wrapping my waist like a shackle, leaning in fora kiss. "Let's say I want to say yes..." I dragged the words out. "Say yes, Victoria..." "Yes to what, exactly, Lord?" I wrapped my arms around his strong neck, standing on tiptoe. My breasts molded to his pounding chest. "To everything," he answered, hunger tearing through his self- control.
His hard cock throbbed against my leg, which I slowly slid between his. "To everything?" I almost moaned against his lips, grinding against him seductively, throwing him off. I saw the exact moment his desire took over, when the beast roared to the surface with a ferocious passion. "Victoria..." he growled my name and immediately grabbed the back of my head to devour me. ---- It took a titanic effort not to give in to my own hunger.
I had to admit, that cruel mouth fascinated me, his possessive aura made me shiver, and I dreamed of having him pounding into my soaked pussy. ?But this time you're not getting the chance to use me and toss me away.? With how hot he was, he didn't react to my move until it was way too late. I brought my knee up with all my strength, right where I'd been aiming-under his precious balls. Like lightning, I slammed it up without mercy. His choked howl of pain was music to my ears.
I pushed harder, even with spite. Sorry for your little treasure bags, which probably look delicious but now they're crying He jumped back instantly, bending over, pain all over his face. "Ggrr... damnit." "Yeah, curse me like you always do. I prefer the arrogant jerk who hates me than a hypocrite!" I shouted, savoring the ---- moment. "Go screw your little shop girlfriend!" And with that, I tured and practically ran. A satisfied smile was forming on my lips for getting my revenge.
But it didn't last long. Suddenly, I heard rushed footsteps just as I was about to exit the alley. The wind whipped around me violently. He was coming to attack me! I sped up, about to turn into mist, but that damn male was worse than a contagious disease. "Let me go, you bastard!" I screamed as he grabbed my waist. Didn't even give me time to summon magic. My body was hoisted over his shoulder, and with brute force, he jumped to the rooftop. He ran across tiles and rooftops.
His bulk made the buildings groan with each leap from one house to another. And the worst part? He was carrying me the whole damn time! ---- No matter how you look at it-this is a full-on kidnapping! "I'm gonna call my master!" "Scream all you want. I'm dying to add more pages to your punishment book, rebellious slave." He growled in my mind while smacking my ass mid-run. His wide hand stayed there way longer than acceptable, squeezing my cheeks. My brain was still processing the threat. My...
punishment book? ...He's been keeping track of all my mischief? Now I finally understood that phrase I once heard my dad whisper to my mom when I was little: "Keep acting up, my Celine... 'm keeping score, and tonight you'll get the bill." Serious question: Am I in that much trouble?
 Read Full Novel → 
###Chapter 1344
---- 211. WHAT A UGLY NAME! VICTORIA I got tired of resisting and screaming. It was obvious no one was going to save me, and I could do it myself, but my heart kept betraying me. After carrying me on his back for several minutes, he stopped at the edge of a rooftop and set me down. His hands moved over my body, clutching my dress, pressing me against him, taking every chance to grope me. "This is called kidnapping, Lord. Now what are you doing?" He didn't even reply.
Instead, he turned me around to face away from him and sat me down on his lap. Leaning back against the cold chimney wall, nestled in the slope of the roof, he pulled me against his chest. "Sshh... damn, nice knee to the balls, you wild little beast," he hissed as my ass sank onto his thick bulge. "Then let me get up," I said, squirming even more against that bulge that was already getting harder.
"Mmn, if you keep rubbing like that, I won't be responsible for ---- what happens." His aroused growl blew in my ear, making me shiver. I'll admit, my traitorous body was burning with the urge to give in, but my proud mind was still resisting. "What are we doing here?" "Look over there," he suddenly said, gently grabbing my chin and turning my face toward the distance.
We were up high, and the moonlight filtered through the clouds to reveal the stunning landscape The sea stretched out in the distance. I hadn't realized how close we were to the ocean. Some gigantic humanoid figures stood welcoming the merchant ships. They were impressive, majestic. They looked like a man and a woman dressed in dark stone robes. Too bad they were half destroyed. "It's beautiful," I murmured, unable to stop myself, leaning back against his broad chest.
---- His possessive hands circled my waist, caressing my belly. My thighs rested on his. "This port is the Pearl of Braska." He replied, and I was glad we'd done our research on this. continent or I'd be completely lost. Braska is the name of this realm, and to my complete surprise, there were many continents in this world connected by the sea. Here, vampires and werewolves ruled, along with small groups of witches, but the rest of the realms were a mystery.
"Why don't those giant statues have heads?" That detail really caught my attention. They were almost 30 meters tall. It must've taken blood and sweat to build them. "Because they deserved to lose them," he growled after a pause. That only left me with more questions, but I stayed silent. The tension in his body and the hatred hissing through his teeth told me it was a touchy subject.
 Read Full Novel → 
###Chapter 1345
---- I racked my brain to change the topic. "What's your name? You found out mine somehow, so it's only fair I know yours." This wolf had been watching me for a long time. "Or are slaves not allowed to say the Lord's name out loud?" I added with a smirk. Good thing he couldn't see my face. "Dracomir... that's my name." "Pft, what?!" I tumed a little, holding back laughter. "Are you fucking kidding me?" I was about to burst out laughing. "I wish I could...
fuck you deep and hard right now." he muttered, annoyed, but I heard him loud and clear. Still, my fit of laughter only got worse the more I thought about that ridiculous name. "Hahaha... oh, I'm sorry, but I just can't... that's awful... poor you..." I doubled over, clutching my belly. So intimidating and handsome, and with such an ugly little name. ---- He must've made his mom suffer during childbirth. "You know I could punish you for mocking me like that.
Get over here, you mouthy little slave!" I was grabbed again with a rough hand, my body dominated, my hips tightly gripped. Draconi... pft, better just call him Lord... the Lord spun me around and straddled me over his lap. My hands went to his shoulders to keep my balance. My smiling lips were close to his oh-so-sexy jawline. "Glad I made your day," I teased, raising an eyebrow. But those hazel eyes of his were shining in a way I'd never seen before.
"Well, it's the least I could do to get a little revenge," I said with a shrug, glancing away from his intense gaze. But he wasn't about to waste time. He lifted my chin with his fingers as that sinful mouth whispered right over mine. "What can I do to earn a little of that time?" ---- "How about starting with an apology... Dracomir?" I said, trying to calm the drum in my chest. His other hand pushed on my back, making me press up against him.
The hard bulge under my spread thighs throbbed hot against my panties. "I'm sorry for being an asshole," he said, closing his eyes and taking a deep breath. I knew how hard it was for him to submit to a vampire. But I wouldn't accept anything less.
 Read Full Novel → 
###Chapter 1346
---- 212. PAY ME MY PRICE VICTORIA "I... lacted on impulse..." "You were an idiot, and you even suggested I deserved to be forced by that animal..." "No!" he roared. "No, Victoria, no, damn it... that was just my anger talking. I know your wolves realm is far away, you don't know what we've been through here... but I would never let anyone abuse you, not you, not any woman..." He closed his eyes again, trying to organize his thoughts. He looked full of contradictions.
What the hell am I missing here? "Even if she were a vampire?" "Even if she were a vampire or anything else," he looked me straight in the eye. He seemed so sincere, and storms churned in his pupils, but in the end, they settled. "You may ask something of me. As long as it's reasonable, I'll ---- grant it." He said while brushing his thumb over my lower lip. I watched him lick those sharp canines, eyeing me like a beast in heat.
I wanted to understand more about his wolf, but I couldn't feel it clearly. Maybe because the Lord was too powerful. "Let them plant on a small plot of land so they have food," I said after thinking for a moment. If was going to "sacrifice" myself, it better be for something. "They had more than a plot, but those delicate hands couldn't handle farming and they burned the crops," he scoffed bitterly. I didn't really get it. Why wouldn't vampires work the land to survive?
There was literally nothing to eat! Before I could ask, he went on. "But if that's what you want, I'll do it. I'll order they be given a few hectares. Happy now?" he pinched my cheek like I was a brat. "Yeah... Dracomir... haha..." "Little brat," he leaned forward to bite me. ---- "Ouch, leave my nose alone, you rude lycan... no... don't you dare My voice dropped as he moved toward my lips.
"I'm dying to tease you until you lose your mind..." he whispered, the tip of his tongue brushing my soft lips. I gasped, eyes fluttering half shut. Goddess, I was dying for him to devour me. "I gave my word. Now it's time you pay my price." "Maybe you're lyi-mmonn..." Any protest was crushed by his greedy mouth claiming mine. His tongue forced its way in, exploring every corner. One hand pushed my head, controlling my movements as he pleased.
His body shifted beneath mine, pressing us both back against the chimney. Wet sounds, ragged breathing, muffled moans quickly filled the night. His taste... mnnn... this man tasted like drunken lust and orgasms.
 Read Full Novel → 
###Chapter 1347
---- His hands slipped under my skirt, grabbing my tense thighs, sliding up to my hips and taking control He was grinding me against that hardened log that kept growing under my soaked panties. "aah," I moaned when he bit my lips and moved down my chin. Leaving kisses, sucking on my neck with a mix of pain and delicious pleasure. "Sshhh," I hissed as I felt him licking over the curve of my breasts. I clung to his tense shoulders, my hips starting to roll.
Grinding on him, trying to keep my clit rubbing so good over his cock, still trapped in leather. I lowered my nose into his neck, where his light brown hair brushed against his sweaty skin. I inhaled like an addict, drunk on the frantic pulse in his vein. "Aahh, my Lord... sshhh..." I bit my lip so I wouldn't moan like a slut when he yanked down my top and exposed my breasts.
They popped up from the band, offered just for his mouth, which ---- didn't hesitate to attack my areolas like a horny wolf. "Ggrr... sshhh..." he growled, sucking my nipples, his tongue lashing the hard tips like a whip. limagined him sucking my clit like that and lost my damn mind. I rocked against him as if we were already fucking under my skirt. Imagining how it would feel to have that massive cock pounding my pussy deep. "Aaahh....
Draco..." I grabbed a fistful of his hair, arching my back, offering him more of my tits. His sucks were hungry, wild, his sharp canines nearly piercing the skin. My red pupils narrowed as I watched the blood roaring under his neck, I wanted to taste him. The orgasm was building in my belly, and I knew if I bit him, I'd explode The rooftop tiles creaked under our frantic movement. "Come for me, baby... ssh... give me what I want..." ---- "Wait... what... what are you...
;Aaammm...!" My scream was swallowed by his mouth. His hand had slipped past my ass, fingers gliding through my slick slit and teasing between my soaked folds. Two fingers thrust deep into my soaking wet pussy. "Ahhh... yes, yes, fuck, that's so good... ssshhh faster, baby, aaahh right there!" While I screamed all kinds of filthy things in his head, I dug my nails into his skin and rode his hand like a wild rider. My dignity sold in exchange for an orgasm from this male... who. was turning my world upside down.
 Read Full Novel → 
###Chapter 1348
---- 213, SEEMS FAIR TO ME VICTORIA He sounded so desperate that my hand slid down too, grabbing his cock over his pants and giving it a firm squeeze. "Ssshh... baby, yes, yes... Mnnn, fuck, squeeze it harder. Aah, it's yours, baby, all yours... Grrr..." We looked like two total pervs, half-naked on that rooftop, swallowed by the dark and moving, driven by our lust. The wet, rhythmic sound got faster and faster. My pussy wouldn't stop dripping.
My clit was getting smashed under the panties that were buried so deep into me. My mouth was being devoured, breath stolen with every kiss. "Right there, baby, right there... aahhh, don't stop, don't stop..!" "AAAHHH!" I bit his lip hard when I felt the cramps shooting through my belly and the spasms pulsing in my pussy. My thighs shot up, ass arching, hips trembling. My tits bounced, my whole body shook, breaking in pure ecstasy.
---- I licked the crimson drops as my fangs lengthened, the urge to feed tearing me apart. He tasted even better than I imagined-strong, intoxicating, spicy, hot. Dark seduction But I held back the need to sink my teeth into him-he might not like that. Instead, I buried myself into his neck, muffling the moans of my release. He didn't stop fingering me until he milked every last drop of pleasure out of me.
I was catching my breath while Draco pulled his fingers out of my pussy, more than satisfied. I heard him growl and, when I lifted my head, I caught him licking off the evidence of my arousal. Goddess, those fingers looked thick and rough, aggressive. No wonder they felt so damn good He looked me straight in the eye while that tongue licked me off with pure hunger. The moon gleamed in those lust-filled wolf eyes.
---- His other hand dropped to grab his stiff dick that had been left wanting "Mmmnn, I loved how much cream you spilled," he said with that animalistic voice. "That's what males release..." "Oh yeah? Well, this male didn't get to release his, and trust me, babe, you have no idea how much I've got stored up." That smirk twisted into something wicked. I leaned forward to lick off the mess left on his lips. I loved how he tensed when I provoked him. How his eyes darkened with pure filth.
"I thought you'd be all messed up after the little kick I gave your jewels." He grabbed my hair with possessiveness and pulled me closer to that fierce, untamed face. "My jewels are going to empty inside that delicious pussy of yours, and I'm gonna show you what real pleasure feels like," he growled against my lips.
 Read Full Novel → 
###Chapter 1349
---- "You seem so sure of yourself. I never said you could fuck me. In ---- fact, now that I got what I wanted... I think I'm leaving." I moved to stand up, but I knew this Lord wasn't letting me go. He grabbed me by the waist again, holding my body tight against his. Standing, once more under the star-speckled sky.
"if you don't give me permission, I'll never do anything you don't want, Victoria," he suddenly said, staring straight into my soul "But you'll have to be a lot more convincing when you say no, because your lying mouth says one thing... but your body... smells like pure lust and seduction." He took a deep breath at my breasts, then bit me again, leaving a fresh mark on my flushed skin. I didn't even have time to react. I moaned, then screamed as he lifted me in his strong arms again.
"Stop leaving marks on me! You're not my master!" I yelled while he jumped down to the street in the dead of night and ran toward the wooded area. "Ill steal you from that damn idiot! I'll do whatever it takes to ---- make you mine!" He roared with such certainty, and I didn't want to think about the consequences of those words. This deal was supposed to last only an hour.
"Where the hell are you taking me, brute?!" "Somewhere I can get even for this aching dick you left me with -and where you won't wake the whole town with those orgasmic sounds you make." I stiffened, suddenly realizing we'd been above the city "Oh, Goddess! Did the squeak-squeak on the roof echo down into the house below?!" "And now you're worried about that? After riding me like a wild animal?" He laughed, moving deeper into the woods.
I had no idea where we were heading, but that stupid thought kept spinning in my head. "It was a storage building, you horny little woman. I'd never let anyone hear you." He said after a while, still chuckling. ---- heard that rough, magnetic laugh for the first time. It was beautiful. He was in a good mood, and I couldn't help but smile too. "And to think I was about to scream your ridiculous name while I came," I teased, wanting to mess with him.
"We've still got plenty of time, my beautiful female. You'll be screaming it soon enough-loud and clear... that I promise you." "Oh, promises, promises, Lord Dracomir... This vampire still hasn't decided if you deserve forgiveness. You'll have to earn it, sincerely." I huffed, reminding myself a thousand times of all the crap he'd said to me. "Sounds fair. I'll apologize on my knees, with my tongue ready to clean up every drop of that creamy mess."
 Read Full Novel → 
###Chapter 1350
---- 214, YOU'RE IRRESISTIBLE VICTORIA "And this place?" I asked in awe as my feet finally touched the grass. I was staring at a clear-water lagoon glowing under the moonlight. The waters moved with gentle undercurrents, and massive rocks rose in the center. "It's a spot I found once while exploring these woods. A waterfall from the mountains flows into it," he explained. He was up to something, I could feel it in his dirty intentions.
He walked to the shore, took off his boots, and stepped barefoot over the pebbles. "Let's take a dip to cool off," his husky voice slipped into my ears, setting my imagination on fire. He started undressing right in front of my hungry eyes, no shame atall. Pulled off his white linen shirt, raising those powerful arms over his head. ---- His almost blond hair tousled in a sexy mess.
As his hands moved to the buttons of his black leather pants, my greedy gaze devoured him I finally saw the full tribal tattoo wrapped around his neck. It looked rough, fierce, like it was hiding something else. His broad pecs flexed with every movement. My eyes trailed down over those defined muscles, glistening with sweat, sprinkled with small battle scars. I gasped when his pants dropped all the way to his ankles. I whistled under my breath. Damn it, it's way bigger than what I felt earlier.
That monstrous cock jumped out, standing erect in all its glory. Pointing right at me with that swollen, red tip, drooling a thick, sticky string. "Your turn," his voice came out strangled, consumed by lust. I watched his fingers wrap around that wild shaft and start stroking up and down. ---- His wolfish expression screamed need and pent-up hunger to devour me. "I can bathe with clothes on, thanks," I teased. "No one's watching, just me.
Or are you scared I'll catch you ina lie?" A dangerous red flicker shot through his pupils as he stared at my crotch. He was definitely thinking about that damn tattoo. "You're not gonna like what you'll see..." "That's my fucking problem. Show me," he demanded with a deadly tone. The corset knots were already loose, so I slid the dress off my shoulders. The fabric slipped down until it got stuck at my hips. The cool wind brushed against my exposed nipples.
His cock visibly twitched as his gaze dragged over me. He almost growled when I hesitated for a second. But in the end, I pushed everything to the ground.
 Read Full Novel → 
###Chapter 1351
---- The clothes bunched around my feet, and I stood there, just as naked as the day I was born. His narrowed eyes locked instantly on the initials Meridiana had magically tattooed on my inner thigh. Subtle, but real. His face twisted with barely concealed rage, but then he dropped his head and pinched the bridge of his nose. He was holding back, I could tell. I was more and more convinced of this bond tying me to that male.
But this place felt off, and there was something more than vampire magic lingering in the air. "Lcan see it doesn't sit well with you, I'd better get dressed..." "No," he took a step forward, shaking his head, resisting that possessive instinct. "Nothing lasts forever, not even that stupid mark. I'm going to change it." He said it while holding my hand and leading me with him into the water. ---- Both of us naked, walking under the night sky.
I sighed as the chilly water licked my feet and crept up my legs. The delicious lagoon swallowed us whole. It was way deeper than I expected. "Mmm, this water's so fresh," I murmured, eyes half-shut in pleasure. And it only got better when his powerful body stopped behind me and started caressing me Slow, sensual, like an hour could last an eternity. His hands slid forward to massage my breasts, making them bounce, squeezing them softly. Fingers sinking into my flesh.
His erection pressed between my ass cheeks. His sexy mouth dropped kisses on my neck, collarbone, and shoulder. "You're the most beautiful woman that's ever existed," he whispered into my brown hair. "Everything about you... it's perfect, it's... irresistible..." ---- His voice was dropping lower, like a starving beast. His hands traveled down past my waist and belly, stopping right over my mound. "Mnn," was all I could moan when his tongue slid into my ear and sucked on my earlobe.
His raspy words spilled out like an aphrodisiac, igniting my senses. "I want you like I've never wanted any other female... I'm dying to make love to you... I never should've let you go..." Every confession came with caresses and kisses, sinful chaos all over my body. He turned me around and took my chin, lifting my face to meet his. "Victoria, I gave you the chance to leave and you didn't take it. Now you won't be able to break free from my control..."
 Read Full Novel → 
###Chapter 1352
---- 215. SAY YES TO ME VICTORIA Before I could say anything, his mouth crashed onto mine. His hand gripped my jaw tightly, making me submit, give in to that deep, passionate kiss. I wrapped my arms around his neck and stood on tiptoe. Let him tangle our tongues, bite my lips, steal every breath I took. His hands cupped my ass, lifting me up, and I obeyed. I let him carry me, spreading my legs and pressing against his hardness. We hissed in lust at the contact of our burning, aching sexes.
He carried me through the water, still holding me. Soon, he laid me down on one of the smooth rocks. I leaned back, hands planted on the stone, while a dominant lycan shamelessly rubbed himself against me. "Ah, ah, ah..." I started moaning in rhythm with his thrusts between my thighs. ---- His rough hands held my ass, keeping me locked against him. He didn't penetrate me, but his hard cock slid over my pussy.
The thick head ground between my wet folds and slammed into my clit, making me tremble with pleasure. Just a breath away from penetration, rubbing again-and this time, no clothes between us. "Ssshh... Mmon..." "I want to fuck you, baby... say yes... shh..." he growled in my ear, gripping my hair. He climbed up on the rock like a beast in heat, resting his knees at the edge, pushing me down.
He kept grinding hard, making my fluids splash everywhere His swollen head nearly pushed inside me several times-and damn it, I was dying for him to mount me already. "Ssshhh, Vicky, give me your permission, my female... say yes, baby... tell me you want me like I want you... fuck, you smell so damn good... Mmmnn..." I wanted to scream yes, but Goddess, the words drowned in my moans.
---- His heat in my ear, that cock rubbing my clit so perfectly-I was soaring, I was gonna come with or without penetration. I lifted my hips and started grinding against him fast, desperate. My back arched, toes dug into the rock. The filthy pleasure of being on the edge of penetration, just teasing and grinding, was driving me insane. "Aaahhh!" I cried, digging my nails into his muscles. Pulling him closer, kissing him desperately while my whole body trembled.
My pussy exploded in delicious spasms that blanked out my mind. But with the last shred of sanity, I gave him what he wanted... I'd punished him long enough. I slid my hand between us and grabbed that huge shaft, guiding it fully into my sensitive hole. His wolfish roar of pleasure ripped through the night. My folds stretched to swallow him down to the base.
 Read Full Novel → 
###Chapter 1353
---- With all the wetness, the penetration was deep and it only prolonged my orgasm. The best part was when hot, powerful jets flooded my insides. "Ahhh my male, so hot! Yes, yes, fill me with your cum... ssshh give it all to me, my lycan!" I moaned like a slut, grinding in sync with him, milking every last drop. Draco couldn't resist all that teasing and ended up coming in just two or three deep thrusts. I couldn't stop staring at him above me, roaring like a beautiful, sensual wolf.
Braced on his hands, one on each side of my head, dripping sweat onto my body. Eyelids half-lowered in pure lust, expression twisted in ecstasy. He started calming down little by little, but he didn't stop Those animal-slit eyes stared at me, obsessed He kept pumping, and I honestly thought his cock would fall off after cumming so much-but no... This filthy lord had been holding back way too much desire for ---- sob DRACOMIR I never thought I'd be begging this hard to fuck a female...
let alone a vampire. Guess it's my karma. Still, I don't regret it-fuck, I couldn't regret it even if I wanted to. Victoria has no idea how crazy she can drive a man. Everything she moans into my ear, the filthy things she screams in my head... She's every male's wet dream come true. When I felt her body vibrating under mine again... Grinding on that soft pussy and getting soaked in her orgasm-I couldn't take it anymore.
I howled at the moon, gripping her hips and rocking hard Ssshhh, if it felt this good outside... fuck, inside was going to destroy me. But if she didn't ask for it, I would never force her. ---- "Victoria, I... lov..." my sentence cut off when I looked down and saw her face twisted in pleasure... and also revealing the traits of her race.
 Read Full Novel → 
###Chapter 1354
---- 216. GHOSTS OF THE PAST DRACOMIR Her fangs extended into sharp points, making those predator hisses meant to lure in prey. Her pupils, red as blood. A vampire in all her glory. I tried to shove aside the stupid emotions and focus on this hot, one-of-a-kind moment. And then came my reward. Mmmnnn... fuck, she's so tight... Ssshh... My thoughts, drenched in lust and something deeper, melted into a sensation that felt purely sinful.
She finally shoved my cock deep inside that hot, slippery hole. I thrusted a few times, unable to take the ache in my balls any longer. Those tight walls gripped my shaft from every side. Burning temptation wrapped in silk. ---- "Aaggg!" I shut my eyes, roaring as I came, feeling my essence flood her. Something inside my chest begged to break free. The base of my cock was throbbing, swelling thicker, my fangs aching in my gums. My wolf... those were signs of my wolf-one I thought I'd lost.
Victoria made me feel alive, awakened feelings I had never experienced for anyone before. I looked down at her beneath me, our bodies locked in passion, covered in my scent and filled with my cum. I fantasized about my mark on her neck. Mine alone... I was obsessed with making her belong to me. She was panting, her hands caressing my arms, flashing that sensual little smile. Sleepiness clouding her gaze. She thought I'd just get off and be done. Oh no, baby... that was just the appetizer.
With you, my cock can get hard again in a second. ---- I looked at her with dark intent and started thrusting again. "Wait, Draco... ah, ah... mmnn... why so fast?... Aaa..." "Ssshhh... ahh, so good... yes, yes, yes, fuck, baby... squeeze me tighter, Vicky... more! Yeah... fuck, fuck, you feel so damn good..." I cursed with every thrust that shot me to the sky. Everything else disappeared. It was just her and me. No races, no past. Just raw desire and instinct.
"Aaahhh!" She screamed shamelessly when I grabbed her by the ass and lifted her up, supporting her back to bring her upright. I pressed her soft tits to my chest and knelt on the rock. She hung there, impaled on my cock. Her ass bounced harder with each slam. PA PA PA... Her hands clawed down my back. We bit each other's mouths, devouring one another.
 Read Full Novel → 
###Chapter 1355
---- I fucked her from below, plunging into that volcano of heat and pleasure. Reaching deep, dominating her, claiming her. She was mine... or at least, that's what my heart wanted to believe-but my fucked-up mind still remembered. Those memories came back to destroy everything. Our moans echoed across the lagoon; the moment was near. This time, I was going to make damn sure she was drenched in my scent. That stupid wolf would have no choice but to hand her over.
I didn't give a damn about that fucking tattoo- She's lying, she has to be. She doesn't smell like that male. Or anyone else. "My Lord, I can't take it... aaahhh... I'm cumming!" Her screams in my mind were like an orgasm for my senses. I loved when she called me "My Lord." It made my cock twitch like crazy. ---- I sped up, frantic and full of fire. I leaned in to kiss her, but Victoria buried her face in my neck, and I immediately knew what she was about to do.
That shiver in my veins, the tongue licking my skin, the pressure of her fangs... The searing pain as they pierced my flesh. ?it's Victoria. You want her. She's not like those other bitches. Just hold on, she needs to feed.? I told myself over and over, trying to stay focused on the sex, but .. even my cock started to go soft. Fuck! It's just a stupid bite! I roared in fury-at myself. I'd sworn never to let any of them do this to me again. But for her, I thought I could handle it...
or so I believed. When her fangs sank deep and that bloodlust hit, adrenaline surged through my body. I knew it wasn't the pain I feared-but I couldn't enjoy giving her what she took, either. ---- That innocent boy came rushing back to my memory. While they pierced me again and again, like I was nothing more than a disposable blood bag. A throwaway slave. Their maniacal laughter, their twisted faces, their clawed hands. Pouncing on me like bloodthirsty hyenas.
"GET OFF ME, YOU DISGUSTING VAMPIRE!" I roared, lost in the nightmare. My eyes clouded over with past hatred, drowning in traumas I thought were gone. I shoved her, and something hit the rock with a dull thud, followed by a pained gasp. I jumped back. Sweat poured off me, and breathing felt impossible. I pressed my cold hand to the wound on the side of my neck. I could feel the blood dripping down my fingers. Something wet moved around my legs and slowly brought me back.
---- The lagoon's water snapped me out of that dark nightmare room The one I was first lured into with the promise of a candy I'd never tasted before. My eyes finally opened to the horror of what I'd done. Victoria sat curled up on the rock, holding the back of her head. I'd let her fall from my arms, so she landed hard from that height. She must've hit the stone. Her face was a mix of pain and shock... quickly shifting to disbelief and disappointment. I'd ruined everything... again.
"Victoria... I... I didn't..."
 Read Full Novel → 
###Chapter 1356
---- 217. I WANT TO FORGET YOU DRACOMIR I stood there like an idiot, not knowing what to say. How could I explain that I'd confused her with the vampire daughters of the former Lord? They fed on me ever since I was a pup. By force, without compassion, without mercy. "I didn't mean to..." I tried to touch her, to explain myself. "Stay away from me," she said, crawling backwards and covering her breasts. Then my eyes locked onto the trail of blood between her legs.
looked down at my cock, still burning I'd pushed into her so hard I tore her inside. "Goddess... I'm an animal... I'm such a fucking bastard..." I started backing away, shaking my head, disgusted with what I'd become. Sure, I got revenge on those fucking masters, but so what? ---- It didn't bring my mother back, or my life, or my innocence. I was just a broken man who didn't know how to love without hurting. "I think our time's up," she said coldly.
There it was again, that wall she'd put up, the one I'd worked so hard to break through "Victoria, I didn't want to hurt you, baby, this isn't about you..." "Don't call me those sweet names anymore, Lord of the Feud," she muttered, staring straight at me, her chin held high. "I get it, you have your reasons to hate my kind. But I can't change who I am, and I never will. Not for you... not for anyone..." "Victoria..." I murmured, the hollow in my chest spreading wider.
"You'll never stop hating us. Whatever this is, it's only going to hurt us both. And in the end, you'll stay in your world, and I'll go back to mine." I frowned at her words, but she was done with me. She turned around and stepped into the water, heading toward the shore. I didn't know what to do to convince her. ---- Would telling her about my humiliating past change anything? ?You'll stay in your world, and I'll go back to mine.? Her words echoed on a loop in my head as I followed her.
That feeling of her pulling away-it made me sick. ?No matter how far you try to run from me, there's no feud in this continent where I won't find you.? "Victoria, wait, don't leave like this! Damn it, let me heal you!" I roared as I chased her, watching her grab her clothes and run naked into the woods. She was fast, powerful... untouchable. Of course she didn't wait for me, and the bitter scent of her tears floated on the wind. I stayed a few meters behind, just keeping her safe.
Dying to hold her again in my arms, but I knew she wouldn't give in so easily. I'd screwed it up-badly. She melted into the shadows of the houses and leapt onto the back balcony of the inn.
 Read Full Novel → 
###Chapter 1357
---- Under the moonlight, from the forest, I saw her standing there, turning toward me before stepping inside. Every inch of her body was perfect, beautiful, ethereal. Those red eyes met mine across the distance. She, up high... and me, on the rough ground. She, like a glowing star... and me, the broken wolf who couldn't touch her and had to settle for longing. "Victoria, I'm so, so sorry..." I reached out with my words like a silent plea to her mind.
My chest tightened, and my fists clenched hard enough to break my bones. I took a step forward, waiting... For anything: a curse, her anger, her hate... but what I got was. worse. Indifference. She turned and stepped inside her room, closing the balcony doors behind her. I don't know how long I stood there. ---- Seconds... minutes... hours... Tonight, I could have broken free from my chains for good, but instead, I chose to stay buried in my own world of slavery.
Jk VICTORIA I dragged myself along the wall, my back aching and my head throbbing Everything hurt, but nothing more than my heart. Tears streamed down my face, my eyes locked on the darkness. My mind was a total mess. Someone was crying in the middle of the night. Choked sobs, rough, deep, and full of sadness. It took me a while to realize it was me. had never cried like this before-so full of disappointment. And again...
because of the same man I lowered my head and curled my knees up to my chest, hugging them. ---- Biting my bottom lip so I wouldn't wake up Rousse and worry him. Then I heard it. The howl of a lycan in the distance. A heartbreaking, lonely sound... a call to my soul. It carried sadness and despair. But it only made me cry harder, and it closed my heart even more. I wouldn't give him the chance to hurt me again. I would go back home and forget it all... forget him.
I wouldn't let him use me as the target for his hatred toward vampires. Whatever happened here wasn't my fault. ?I want to go back... right now... It hurts, it hurts so much...? Where can I find a clue to get back home? How do you escape a love that's destroying you? 1
 Read Full Novel → 
###Chapter 1358
---- 219. GIVING IN TO YOUR SPELL ROUSSE I felt her trembling hands on my knees. My own desires were pushing me to devour her. What the hell was I doing? Maybe I shouldn't... But before I could pull away, Meridiana made the final move. Those plump, parted lips pressed against mine. Clumsy, stiff, but this wasn't the usual magical exchange. There was no way to misread it-she was kissing me. My eyes stayed wide open, shocked, unsure...
Until a soft moan vibrated in her throat and shattered all my doubts. I responded to her, to the intoxicating scent rising from her skin Her breasts pressed against my hard chest, her hands caressed my shoulders. + I grabbed her by the waist, lifting her onto my thighs and pulling ---- her close. Part of me screamed to push her away, but Meridiana's reactions were anything but disgusted. Her dark, cold magic flowed into my mouth, seeped into every cell, racing through my lifeless veins.
Still, what made me feel most alive was her... her innocent seduction. She had me under a spell-and didn't even have the experience. "Breathe, baby... slow... through your nose... there, that's it.." Her quickened pants escaped from lips red like strawberries, just begging to be bitten. Then a filthy thought crossed my mind. Was she that pink in all the edible parts of her delicious little body? "Does it hurt?" she asked, frowning, I didn't know whether to laugh or cry.
I knew she meant the way her magic affected me. For the first time in forever, I wanted to joke. "The way you bit my mouth like it was candy?" ---- "What? Oh no-I'm sorry! Let me heal you..." A smile tugged at my lips seeing her flustered. "tt didn't hurt at all," I said, taking her hand and kissing its back. Even in the dark, I could clearly see every one of her reactions. "Meridiana, I really liked how you shared your magic with me," I dared to say in a hoarse voice. Risking it all.
She could back away from me, just like so many others had. Better that than keeping up false hope. "Really? I never..." She lowered her head, letting those blonde curls fall over her face. "I've never been with a male. I don't know how to do it right." My withered heart skipped a beat. How could a woman so beautiful choose someone like me for her first kiss? "I'm sure any male would die to be your mate, little witch," I said bitterly.
 Read Full Novel → 
###Chapter 1359
---- Especially me, I thought, darkly. "I'm not interested in any other male, I..." she trailed off, staring at my chest. "Meridiana..." "I need to give you more magic. Can we do it again?" she asked, cutting me off. I sighed, and this time I was the one who stroked her cheek and brought my lips to hers. I kissed her like I hadn't kissed anyone in ages. Deep and greedy, drinking in her moans, her dark energy. Her desire ignited mine. Enchanted... this woman had me completely spellbound.
She started climbing up my body, straddling my thighs and wrapping her arms around my neck. My hands gripped her slim waist, sliding her clothes up her legs. Growling and panting, I nibbled on her soft flesh. Her breasts were practically spilling out of her top in the chaos of our clothes. ---- She was so turned on... maybe it was her kind's mating season. My rough hands grabbed and spread her ass, kneading and exploring her. I loved the way she moaned, how her body reacted.
The scent of wildflowers turned wilder-just like my control. I lifted her slightly and ran my fingers over the outside of her panties, pressing against that intimate spot no other male had touched "Mmunnn, shhh... you're so wet..." I growled, unable to hold it in, licking her neck and sucking on her flushed skin. The wetness of her untouched pussy soaked my fingertips, which moved back and forth, stimulating her through the fabric. I pinched the little button that drove women wild.
Every buried instinct in me took over. Suddenly I just knew how to drive her crazy... without even needing to penetrate her. I held her lower back while my mouth moved toward those creamy breasts. ---- Her back arched as she held onto my shoulders with trembling hands. I opened my mouth and sucked in that strawberry-sized areola Damn... so fucking good... sshhh... I started sucking hungrily, swirling my tongue over her hard nipple.
Below, my curious fingers were desperate to slide between those petals and touch her bare pussy. To make her cum without even fucking her. I pulled the fabric aside and caressed her soaked slit, slipping between her folds and rubbing her clit. "Mnnn... aah!.." she let out a tiny cry, a bit confused I stopped immediately. Had I hurt her? Or had I simply crossed a line?
 Read Full Novel → 
###Chapter 1360
---- Just a ghost, a walking corpse. "I've seen you, General, I've seen all of you... and there's nothing I don't love..." Her fingers stretched out, stroking my hair and caressing it. Her words were the most healing balm for my soul. I undid the knots in my chest and finally slid her panties down, pulling them off her ankles. Despite the darkness, my sharp pupils could see her clearly, every detail. That soft, pink little line melting between her thighs. "Open...
open your legs," I gulped like a damn pervert. My hands ran up her calves, and my mouth tasted the drops of sweat. leaned down until my nose was right in front of that tight, virgin little slit. Inhaled like an addict, soaking in the sweetness of flowers, the scent of her magic. "Sshhh... I love how your pussy smells... I wanna fuck you with my tongue until you cum..." ---- "Mmmonn..." Her muffled moan was her answer to my first lick. I slowly ran my tongue through her slightly parted petals.
Her sticky juice coated my taste buds and brought them back to life. My thick fingers gently spread her delicate flesh, exposing everything to my greedy mouth. I started sucking her, devouring her like a thirsty beast. Trailing my tongue up and down her needy pussy, kissing that dripping cunt. "No... no, Rousse, that's dirty, not there..." She moaned, twisting her hips when I licked her ass too, slipping my hands under her butt to lift her and open her up for my mouth.
"Mmn, you taste so good... sshhh... I'm obsessed with you, my little witch... mmnnn, more... get even wetter... mmnnn..." I drowned in the intoxicating pleasure of her sex. Sucked on her clit, stretching it between my lips, circling it with my tongue, devouring it. I started rubbing her with one finger while daring to cross the threshold of her pussy. ---- Her tight muscles clamped around the tip of my tongue, sucking mein.
My lust-driven mind imagined what it would feel like to shove my cock inside. Like velvet and heat that could melt your sanity. I fucked her over and over with my tongue, pretending it was my shaft pounding her. Rubbing the head against that untouched virginity I was dying to take. "Nnn, so good, baby... sshhh... moan louder in my head... you're driving me insane... Mmnn..." My finger moved mercilessly over her clit, feeling her trembling with pleasure.
Her muffled gasps escaped her lips, still trying to stay quiet. Her hips lifted, giving in to my tongue. Her thighs started to shake, her hand tangled in my hair, pushing me harder against her pussy. She was right at the edge... And I was going to push her over it
 Read Full Novel → 
###Chapter 1361
---- 221. ONLY FOR ME ROUSSE The moment was coming, and her pussy was clenching as she reached the edge of ecstasy. "Rousse, I can't hold it... it feels so good... don't stop, aahh, don't stop...!" Her back arched, sweaty, hiding her face in the pillow "Cum for me, baby... don't hold back... sshhh, give it to me, sweetheart... As if she'd just been waiting for my command, that virgin sheath overflowed with fluids that drowned my senses.
I swallowed and licked like a pervert, slurping in the dark with filthy sounds. Rubbed her clit until the end, feeling her tremble from head to toe and scream into the pillow stuffing. My narrowed pupils stared at her above her mound Goddess, thank you for letting me live through this. I licked up every last drop, cleaned her with my tongue. ---- Panting for breath I didn't even need.
In the middle of the scent of sex, of released lust, and with Meridiana still coming down, something impossible happened. looked down at my groin, stunned... maybe even scared. No way... A small bulge had formed under the leather of my pants, I was feeling something in my cock! I thought the desire had just been in my head, but there it was- at least a faint response. I even felt a few drops of moisture leak out. What the hell?! Was it from all the stimulation?
The crazy need I had to make love to her? The magic she gave me still burned in my veins, but now it had rushed downward, stirring a reaction in my dick. "Rousse, did I do something wrong?" Her uncertain voice snapped me out of it ---- I'd been sitting there like an idiot, staring at my pants. "No, baby, no... of course not. Come here." She was covering her breasts with her dress, her legs curled up.
I leaned down and wrapped her in my arms, lying down with her on the mattress that creaked beneath us. I pulled her close to my chest, our legs tangled together. I'd never been so grateful for a narrow bed. "Everything was perfect. Goddess... more than perfect. Did it feel good for you?" I caressed her back while my other hand wandered over her bare thigh "I never thought it would feel this good, something so... dirty..." She confessed, tucking herself into my shirt like a little ostrich.
Then those sinful lips of hers started kissing my scars. "You have no idea how many dirty things I want to do to you," I admitted truthfully. By now, pretending to be a gentleman was pointless.
 Read Full Novel → 
###Chapter 1362
---- I grabbed her leg and lifted it over my hip, feeling the heat of her pussy pressed against the leather. A soft hiss told me this little witch loved the filthy friction. "I get the feeling that wasn't your first orgasm... confess, have you touched yourself before?" The way she went stiff as a board was all the answer I needed. Her words and reactions weren't that "innocent" for a first release. "L.. 1. well, I'm twenty-five...
and one day I saw some girls from the clan in the river, and they were... touching themselves, so. "You learned and touched your pretty little pussy too, didn't you?" I pushed her down alittle, savoring her embarrassment. She was so easy to read-and so damn cute. "But I'd never done it with a man before... let alone that... tongue thing..." "Mmm, okay... but I'm not sure I believe you." I said with a wicked tone. "Rousse..." she murmured, a little desperate.
---- Her blindfold had come loose and she hadn't even noticed she was looking straight at me with no barrier in between. That showed she was starting to feel safe with me... comfortable. Her little eyes closed, beneath the scars she thought were hideous- and all I could feel was sorrow for the pain they must have caused her. She didn't like talking about it, and I just hoped she'd tell me one day. "Mmm... there's a way you can prove that story to me." "I swear on whatever you want...
should I cast a spell so you'll see I'm not lying?" "No, something much simpler will do," I whispered close to her ear. "Show me how you learned to pleasure yourself... I want to watch you while you touch yourself." I growled, full of sinful thoughts. But I never imagined she'd actually say yes. ---- I wouldn't have pressured her if she'd said no. But Meridiana had been made to mess with my sanity, to tear down all the defenses I'd built around my soul. "I can show you... but touch me too.
Rousse, I really like you... the way a female wants a male... for real." My chest pounded. My whole world froze. There was only her. My chance to love. "Meridiana... I like you too... way too much. And if one day you decide I'm not enough for you, I'll leave without making it hard for you..." "Rousse, no..." "But as long as you don't push me away..." I took her chin, making her face me. "As long as you let this monster love you, I'll give you my withered soul...
and I'll protect you until the very end." I leaned in and kissed her, a kiss full of promises. Of commitment, of devotion-of everything I could give her. I'd fight to heal. ---- I wouldn't let her go so easily. I wouldn't give up on her. That night, I tasted the pleasure I thought was forbidden for me. In the darkness, we lost ourselves in moans, caresses, and filthy touches. By momning, trouble would be banging on my door early. But now...
I had a purpose beyond just being a warrior and Victoria's protector. Now I had something precious... Only for me.
 Read Full Novel → 
###Chapter 1363
---- 218. THIS IS THE CHAPTER 218 DECEPTION OF SEDUCTION. ROUSSE I couldn't sleep, too worried about Victoria, even though I knew how powerful she was. Lying on the floor, swallowed by the darkness of the room, I felt her return I got up immediately to check if she was okay, and then I heard it: the sound of her muffled crying. Then, the howl of a male wolf in the distance. "Wait, Rousse," Meridiana's voice stopped me from the bed I saw her silhouette sit up. "I'm sorry...
did I wake you?" "I hadn't fallen asleep. I was worried too," she said softly. We shared this small room for obvious reasons. If I had to leave suddenly or if someone came in, I needed to look "normal." ---- "Don't go now... she... I think she needs to be alone," she murmured, and I nodded with a sigh. Zarek wasn't going to like this at all. When Victoria was messing around with that vampire, I didn't care.
But now, even I-who wasn't an expert in love-could see it: That male said he hated her, but the obsessive way he looked at her screamed otherwise. "Then get some sleep, rest," I told her, settling again onto the blanket on the floor. "Wait, Rousse... something?" .. Ican't sleep. Can you help me with "Of course. What is it?" I sat up and stood, taking a few steps to her bedside. "Si-sit down," she patted the space in front of her, looking a little nervous.
I sat on the narrow mattress, at her feet. "Well, the thing is... .. how do I explain this..." ---- She started mumbling, and I wasn't following at all. Suddenly, a thought crossed my mind. "Are you uncomfortable sharing the room with me?" I asked, frowning. "That's why I told you you could stay with Miss Victoria..." "No! I mean... that's not it," she lowered her voice again. "It's just that I... well, my belly hurts a little because I'm close to...
you know, those special days females get." Special days for females? What the hell was she talking about? I stared at her from head to toe. My experience with women was the same as with cookin pretty much nonexistent. "You're really going to make me say it, aren't you?" she sighed, resigned. "Sorry, I don't know much about female stuff... should I go get Victoria?" "No, no, listen... it's..." she leaned forward. Her tiny hands pressed on my thighs for support.
---- I stiffened up, just like every time she got close to me in that... intimate way. I couldn't even misinterpret it~! knew she didn't mean anything by it... or at least, I used to think so. Covering her mouth, she leaned close to my ear like someone could actually hear us. "My period... my belly hurts because I'm getting close to those days..." Fuck, I would've never guessed that in a million years. To be honest, I got nervous. What's a male supposed to do when his female...
well, when a female enters that phase? "Should I get you something?" "No, I don't have anything right now," she shifted back a little, but stayed close to me. Her cheeks were red, like two ripe apples. As always, I was mesmerized just looking at her. "Can you help me loosen the dress? It's tight around my belly."
 Read Full Novel → 
###Chapter 1364
---- Of course I said yes, and she turned her back to me. With clumsy hands, I started untying the corset strings. My fingers brushed along her delicate spine; her pale skin was the softest thing I'd ever touched was afraid of hurting her with my calluses and scars. "Rousse, there's something I want to tell you. I didn't want to get your hopes up for nothing, but I've been watching your body's reaction and...
I have a proposal." She said it just as I reached the last section of those damn strings. She turned around with a sigh of relief. "Feel better?" I asked in a low voice, glancing at her stomach. She nodded, her eyes half-closed. Knowing something so intimate about her gave me the illusion that we were a real couple. leven had the urge to touch her belly... like I was really her man. Stupid thoughts. "Rousse, Rousse... are you listening?" ---- "Eh? Yeah, sorry.
What were you saying?" "There's a chance you could recover some of your vital functions, even if I'm not inside your body." "What? How?" My voice rose a bit with excitement. "But I'm not sure... it could be dangerous." "Meridiana, whatever it is, I'll try it," I told her with conviction. "Well... I've tried leaving small amounts of energy in other bodies, without me being there to control it. but they all. died." "I'm stronger than those creatures.
I'll endure anything." I said it like a man with nothing to lose. "Let's start with tiny amounts and see how your body responds," she answered, thinking it through. Even if it hurt like hell, I'd endure it. Now more than ever, I wanted to be more "normal," to seem as close to a living being as possible. That yearning was growing in my withered heart, and I knew exactly why. It was because of the woman leaning toward me now.
---- The neckline of her dress had loosened from the ties I'd undone, revealing the curve of her small breasts. I swallowed hard and looked away. I might not have had an erection, but my mind definitely wanted her. "You need to come closer and open your mouth," she explained, and I did, like always. The small bed was cramped, and our bodies touched in several places. "A little closer than usual," she whispered. I could hear her heart, pounding hard. I was practically hovering over her face.
"Like this?" I murmured, my voice rough, my nose almost touching hers. "A little... more..." She stammered. And Goddess, she was a terrible liar. But I played dumb and leaned in toward those delicious lips. Her warm breath brushed against my cold, ugly face. ---- She couldn't see me now. Only when she was inside my body could she see the reflection of the man I once was. "Is this good?" I asked, my mouth brushing against hers.
 Read Full Novel → 
###Chapter 1365
---- 222. A DEAL UNDER THREAT NARRATOR Rousse stared in awe at the small woman in his arms. He still couldn't believe Meridiana had accepted him as her lover. His hand gently caressed her cheek. He breathed in her delicious scent, filling his soul. He wished he could stay forever inside that pink bubble, but he knew it was time to face the real world.
His sharp hearing caught the sound of boots coming up the stairs to the second floor The cadence, the strength behind each step, the determined pace... it was the Lord heading toward his quarters. "My love, wake up, Meridiana, wake up, baby, we've got company." The sorceress barely had time to rub her eyes before understanding how serious this was. She immediately sank into her General's inner world. ---- The steps stopped right in front of Rousse's door.
Outside, Dracomir waited anxiously, even though he pretended to be indifferent. He hadn't slept, and it showed on his slightly haggard face. His eyes kept darting to the last door in the hallway. Victoria's room. At least they were sleeping in separate rooms, and that was a relief to his jealous heart. The door suddenly swung open, and that strange male stood before him. "Lord, what brings you here so early?" "I need to talk to you," he all but ordered. "Not here.
Let's go somewhere else." His eyes flicked briefly toward the crack under Victoria's door. He could feel her... she was eavesdropping. "And why should I follow you to some unknown place? Planning to eliminate me in secret?" Rousse wasn't one to be intimidated by his dominant aura. ---- "If I wanted you gone, I'd have done it already without the theatrics. Don't forget you're in my territory," Dracomir growled. "Let's go." He wasn't going to waste any more time on nonsense.
He had to head back to the camp today, but he wasn't leaving without her. He'd thought about it non-stop during the hours they'd been apart. Letting her go had been a terrible idea from the start. With or without his wolf, Dracomir knew it-Victoria had to be his mate. That was the only explanation for how insane he felt about that vampire. creed They finally walked down the hallway, and just before descending the stairs, the General looked back.
Victoria stood in the doorway, her eyes red and sleep-deprived. "Go, Rousse, I'm keeping watch."
 Read Full Novel → 
###Chapter 1366
---- "This wolf can sense you. You smell like him. Don't get too close." The words stayed between them, in their private bond. Rousse followed the Lord's stiff back to a distant table in the empty tavern. At that hour of the morning, not a soul was around, except the innkeeper who came over, eager to serve. "We don't want anything. And make sure no one interrupts us." Dracomir dismissed him with an order, scaring the poor man half to death. His presence terrified his guests.
"I'm going to get straight to the point," Draco said, staring into the pale eyes of that so-called "Zarek." "I want your slave, and I'm willing to pay well for her." He pulled a heavy pouch from his belt. It hit the table with a metallic thud. Shiny gold coins spilled across the surface. Rousse didn't even flinch. ---- "And what if I don't want to sell her?" he leaned forward, full of hostility. His senses scanned for a trap. But the Lord had come alone.
"I don't want her hating me for tearing her former master's head off, so take the gold while I'm still being nice." Dracomir bared his fangs with a growl. Patience wasn't one of his virtues. Even as a slave, he'd been known for his rebellious streak. The moment he learned to defend himself, he swore never again to be anyone's easy prey. Rousse clenched his jaw. The urge to fight this arrogant wolf was growing stronger by the second. But someone else was listening to the exchange.
"Rousse, wait... don't say no. I think this is our best chance to get close to the fortress," Meridiana thought. "But Victoria..." ---- "I agree, Rousse. Tell him yes," her voice rang clear in his mind. What the hell was the little princess of Zarek up to? He wouldn't be able to follow her there to protect her like he did now. "Well? I don't have all day," Dracomir pressed. Rousse frowned, not too sure about this insane plan. "Nothing will happen to me.
Inside, I can find the witches and ask them how to remove our restrictions," Victoria assured him. If that was possible, she could summon him into the fortress. "All right... I accept." In the end, Rousse gave in to this madness that felt like a disaster waiting to happen.
 Read Full Novel → 
###Chapter 1367
---- 223. NOW YOU'RE MY SLAVE NARRATOR She could almost hear the sigh of relief Dracomir let out. "I prepared a contract... you'll sign it with your blood." The Lord hadn't wasted any time. Rousse didn't say a word. He just took the parchment and examined it. His name wasn't Zarek, and Victoria didn't belong to any realm in this world. "All right, seems fair.
I just want to add that I hand her over willingly and hope to trade with your fortress in the future." He pretended to gain more from the deal, like any noble would. He bit the tip of his finger and stamped his bloody print next to the fake name. "Ill make sure you're welcomed, but I don't want you anywhere near my slave." Dracomir emphasized the my with a threatening hiss. Those wolfish pupils shot Rousse one last warning glance ---- before leaving the tavern.
The Lord wasn't an idiot He'd already ordered an investigation to confirm whether that noble surname truly existed in the other werewolf realm. The problem was the distance-it would take time. There was something about this supposed Zarek that didn't sit right with him. He hadn't been able to sense his animal side. But real or fake, no one was taking Victoria from him. Rousse watched him storm out and then casually gathered up the coins from the table. He wasn't about to leave behind a gift.
He was already thinking about all the things he'd buy for his little witch, while Victoria played the part of the self-sacrificing slave. array Draco found his Beta waiting at the tavern's entrance. "Sir, just like you ordered, the horses are ready, and the men are set. ---- "Good. Head to the town exit, I'll catch up," Dracomir instructed, eager to get upstairs. But his Beta had more news to report.
"Sir, Miss Celia insisted on returning with us." "Damn it..." Draco muttered under his breath, annoyed. She wasn't the kind of woman you could just shake off like a pesky fly. Celia was the daughter of two people far too important to him "Then escort her carriage and don't say a word about any of this," Dracomir said with a final glance, watching him nod. He knew this would bring him headaches.
But he'd run into Celia by chance while she was shopping in this, town, and now he had no choice but to get her safely back to the fortress. The lycan's steps slowed as he approached that door. Damn it. He couldn't remember the last time he'd felt this nervous. He raised his hand and knocked softly, a few times.
 Read Full Novel → 
###Chapter 1368
---- His frown deepened. She should've heard him. Was she refusing to open? "You're not going to hide from me that easily, Victoria." He grabbed the handle and opened the door, stepping into the antechamber. He closed it behind him and moved toward the bedroom. "Victoria, we need to... talk..." The words got stuck in his throat the second he saw her bent over, half-dressed, pulling up her boot over that long leg he was dying to lick.
Victoria quickly covered herself with her skirt and a hand to her cleavage. "How dare the Lord enter my room like this?" she glared at him. But her traitorous heart was still pounding like crazy for him. "lf my master finds you here..." "lam your master, Victoria," Draco said, stepping forward and pulling the document from his coat. His deep voice shook slightly. ---- He held it out in front of her. "You're mine now. You belong to me forever," he declared with firm conviction.
Not even in a million years had he imagined taking a slave, much less one of her kind. A knot formed in Victoria's throat; her hands clenched so tight she nearly drew blood with her nails. "Then you've bought yourself a vampire who'll be threatening your neck every damn day." She shot back, venom in her words, but Dracomir stepped closer, unafraid of the danger. "I'm willing to take that risk... and all the others. I just need a little time, Victoria.
Just a little patience..." The wolf reached out his hand, needing to touch her like he needed air to breathe. But just as his fingers neared her cheek, she stepped back, stubbornness gleaming in those cold eyes. Draco pulled his hand back, hurt and doubt swirling between them. ---- His arm dropped, defeated. "Come on, I'll wait outside so you can get changed," he muttered, heading toward the door. "You sound so sure I won't run," she said mockingly just as he reached for the handle.
"There's nowhere you can hide from me, my love... I'll find you, even if you're underground." He whispered that before leaving her alone, but she heard every word loud and clear. Victoria's eyes clouded with mist. "Stupid wolf... sometimes I don't know if I hate you, despise you ... oF forgive you." She pinched the bridge of her nose, exhausted During that sleepless night, she came to a conclusion. She didn't have all the information. Draco was hiding more than he was saying.
This wasn't just about hatred for her race, not just random malice ... there was something deeper. The answers were inside that impenetrable fortress, and ---- whether the Lord liked it or not, she was going to uncover them
 Read Full Novel → 
###Chapter 1369
---- 224, NO ONE TOUCHES WHAT'S MINE VICTORIA When I walked out of the room, he was waiting for me, leaning against the wall. "I'm ready... sir," I muttered through gritted teeth. "Let's go, then," he replied, and without giving me time for anything, his huge hand closed around mine. My traitorous heart skipped a beat. I admit I didn't expect him to keep me at his side. This was improper in every possible way, especially for the master of these lands.
When we reached the entrance, the innkeeper was already waiting, and his eyes dropped to our joined hands. But being a wise man, he said nothing about it. "Your Lordship, here's the cloak you ordered from the shop," he said, handing over a beautiful red cloak made of soft fur. "Good. The bill's been paid. We're leaving." The man poured out words of praise as we headed toward the ---- stables. Still, his relieved face gave away how glad he was to be rid of the grumpy boss.
At the back, the stable boy was already bringing a beautiful black horse closer. "Come, let me put your cloak on." Draco stopped in front of me and, in a surprisingly intimate gesture, draped the expensive cloak over my shoulders. He leaned close to my chest, frowning, struggling to tie it properly. My hand itched to run through his light hair, but I held back. "Is this to hide the fact that you've got a vampire slave now?" I said it with more bitterness than I meant.
Victoria...' Those hazel eyes looked straight into mine. "This is to protect you from the sun and the wind. I have no other intention." He answered without flinching, pulling the velvet hood gently over my head. Then he ordered the boy to hold the reins tight. ---- "Climb on, I'll help you..." "I can do it myself, sir." I walked past him, leaving him with his arms outstretched. Grabbing the saddle confidently, I placed my boot in the stirrup.
With a strong push, I swung myself up, shoving my ass right past his dumb wolf face. I sat tall and firm. My father had taught me how to ride since I was a child-I wasn't some delicate little lady. "I'm ready. Where's your horse?" I looked down at him like I was the boss and he was my slave. Accrooked smile tugged at the corner of that sexy mouth. "My horse? You're sitting onit..." Before I could process his words, he grabbed the saddle and leapt up. He landed like a savage right behind me, pressing tight against my back
 Read Full Novel → 
###Chapter 1370
---- He pushed me forward while his cock nestled firmly between my ass cheeks. I didn't even have time to complain before he told the boy to hand him the reins. One hand clamped hard around my waist, pulling me even closer. My back was crushed against his rock-hard, sun-kissed chest. He wasn't wearing his usual armor, just a half-open white linen shirt "Hyah!" he roared, spurring the strong beast that neighed and surged forward. We rode out of the stables and my body stayed stiff.
I said nothing, pretending to be rebellious even though I was loving the warmth of his skin His breath tickled my ear, and his wild male scent was driving me insane. Draco always had the power to enchant me. The steed was fast, and soon I spotted his men waiting outside the village. ---- I also glanced around casually. I couldn't feel Rousse, but he knew we were heading to the Lord's camp. He'd be lurking nearby. We'd meet up later. The horse stopped, hooves crunching on the gravel.
"Is everything ready?" the Lord asked his Beta. "Yes, sir, we can leave," he replied, giving me a brief glance. The other men did a good job pretending they weren't staring, but not a single one laid eyes on me directly. "Miss Celia is in the carriage." When he said that, I noticed the small carriage up ahead. "Good, let's hurry so we're not late." Draco urged the horse forward, trying to take the lead, but as we passed by the carriage, the little curtain opened.
Then I remembered who Celia was. The woman from the shop. Her eyes pierced straight through me with a deadly glare. ---- "My lord, there's room in the carriage. You could ride more comfortably," she said, hiding her rage behind a fake sweet tone. Those red lips curled into a seductive pout. "You know I hate carriages. Stay inside... Vam-" "But your slave can ride with mine. If there are no more horses, there's no reason for you to be cramped up," she interrupted.
She even tried to open the door, and I was sure she would've pulled me down if she could. But Draco kicked the wooden door shut with the tip of his boot. He nearly slammed it in that vulture face of hers. A smug smile spread across my lips, and I didn't bother hiding it. "Don't start any trouble, Celia," Dracomir warned her harshly. Without giving her time to whine, he took off galloping in front. Everyone followed, including the carriage.
I was so satisfied by how coldly he treated her that I leaned back against his chest His hand moved slightly, caressing my waist, while the other guided the horse along the path. ---- His powerful heart beat wildly, just like the galloping steed. Riding through the forest paths, we finally arrived at the border camp by dusk. "Asencio, get my tub ready!" he barked at one of the warriors who came to greet him. He dismounted the horse and immediately stretched out his arms to help me down.
I was going to act proud, but not only were we in public-out of the corner of my eye, I saw her. She was stepping out of the carriage looking pissed. I leaned over Draco's shoulders and let him help me to the ground. My full breasts brushed shamelessly against his chest, though I quickly took a step back. "My Beta will take you to my tent. I need to take care of a few things and I'll be back," he leaned in to whisper in my ear. "You don't need to explain yourself, Lord.
You don't need to leave me in your quarters either, I-" "Silvio! Take her to my tent!" he snapped.
 Read Full Novel → 
###Chapter 1371
---- He grabbed my arm and dragged me toward his Beta Clearly, he was done with my rebellious streak. I followed the man, but my eyes stayed on Draco. He walked up to that woman, and a wave of jealousy twisted in my chest. Another girl also stepped out of the carriage. She looked small, quiet, head down. But something about her grabbed my attention instantly. She was a witch, and my mind started spinning with plans. Meridiana hadn't given us much useful info. Maybe this one had more clues.
But from what I gathered, she was that arrogant she-wolf's slave. I needed to find a way to get her alone and ask her a few things. That same night, a rather unpleasant incident gave me the perfect chance to catch that little witch. ob "Thanks," I told the stable boys who were filling the massive ---- wooden tub with hot water. Honestly, I was dying for a bath. Sitting in a chair inside the spacious tent, I waited for them to leave so I could loosen my corset.
But just when I thought they were done, a warrior I didn't recognize came in. He was carrying the last bucket, but the water looked murky. "Wait, why is this one different?" I asked, frowning. "How should I know? Be grateful the Lord lets you use his tub instead of bathing in the river like the rest of us," he snapped. His disgusted look was the one most of them tried to hide. They hated vampires. "I don't want you dumping that water in the tub," I said, stepping in his way.
Something about the smell in that steam made me uneasy. "Get off me, you filthy vampire!" He yanked the handle when I tried to take the bucket away. "You can call me whatever the fuck you want, but if you pour ---- that water, I'll kick you so hard your balls will come out of your mouth." I hissed, full of threat. One thing was putting up with the Lord's little scenes because he drove me crazy, but it was a whole different story letting these guys walk all over me.
"Don't think you're all that just because you're the Lord's new whore. When he gets tired of you, I'll personally rip your head off, slut!" He made a move to throw the hot water on me. I jumped back with all my speed, but even then, a few drops might've splashed me. But then a massive wall of pure muscle stood in front of me in a blink. I only heard a loud crash, wood splintering, and then the scream of a wolf in pain.
The heavy table collapsed when the body slammed into it after a savage punch. "How dare you...?" Draco's voice came out strangled with rage, " How dare you touch what's mine?!" ---- I saw his built body screaming danger as he charged forward. The scent of blood already filled the air. He grabbed the guy, face twisted, half-dead on the table and dragged him outside across the ground "SILVIO! GATHER EVERYONE RIGHT FUCKING NOW! I WANT THEM ALL HERE!" 1
 Read Full Novel → 
###Chapter 1372
---- 225. YOU DRIVE ME CRAZY VICTORIA I stood at the doorway, protected under the tent, watching him brutally drag that man away. His roar set the entire camp on high alert within seconds. His lycan aura spread out, scaring the hell out of the warrior wolves There was no doubt who the boss was. "I know a lot of you have questions about the female who's with me. I wasn't born yesterday!" I peeked out to see him jump up onto a wooden table that creaked like it was crying under his weight.
Every gaze dropped. No exceptions. "Your doubts or complaints mean nothing to me. Whoever I choose as my lover is my business!" He stared at them with a savagery that made my blood run cold, his canines out, ready to tear flesh, But there's always an idiot ---- "Uh... sit, but she's a vampire and you said before we should take her as a prisoner... Aaafgrr!" He didn't finish that sentence. Something whistled through the air and flew straight at the warrior who had dared speak.
The corpse of the man who'd brought me water-slaughtered by Draco-was thrown across the air and slammed right into him. It knocked him down with a dull thud and a howl of pain. Blood gushed from the open neck, splashing all over him No one helped. They all just took a step back, leaving him on the ground, trying to shove the dead man off, totally humiliated. It was more than clear what would happen to anyone else who dared to protest.
"I was the one who ordered she be taken prisoner, not the Lord," the Beta's voice rang out, sharp as a blade. I remembered well. He was the one who caught me the first time. "Whether it was Silvio's order or mine, now let me make it very clear to all of youl" the Lord roared with fury. ---- "That vampire female is UNTOUCHABLE! She's mine!" My heart flipped and my breath quickened. "Anyone who touches her or even looks at her... I'll rip out their eyes and their damn throat!
Any questions?" Nobody dared say a word, Fear hung heavy in the air. Dracomir was a feared and ruthless man when he wanted to be. "I SAID, IS THAT CLEAR?!" "Yes, Lord of the Dark Fortress!" They all roared back, like soldiers ready to march into death. My eyes were locked on that powerful wolf standing on the table under the rising moonlight. He was the sexiest beast I'd ever seen. Goddess, if only he wasn't so guarded, if he didn't carry so many secrets and so much hatred for vampires...
Sighing, I watched him leap down and speak quietly with his Beta. The men cleared the area in a blink.
 Read Full Novel → 
###Chapter 1373
---- The loudmouth had to take care of the body. I was about to head back into the tent when a malicious stare caught my attention. From the trees, just beyond the camp, someone was watching me. Wolfish red eyes full of venom. I stared her down. I knew exactly who she was-Celia. And the hate pouring off her almost felt like it was strangling me with invisible hands. "You'll have to try harder than that to take me down, bitch," I muttered under my breath. But I knew wolves had good ears.
"That male you want so bad is mine, and the only place he belongs is between my legs and inside my pussy, you fucking wolf." I turned my back and stepped into the shelter at last. Draco's boots were getting closer, and she slipped back into the shadows. I walked over to where the spilled water had been. ---- I had a feeling that bitch was up to something. But whatever had been in that bucket was gone with the spilled water.
Suddenly, a presence entered the room and the leather curtains were pulled shut, blocking the entrance. I didn't turn around and just started undressing to get into the tub. "The water's probably gone cold. I'll tell them to bring more buckets," he said, his hands brushing my shoulders from behind "It's fine. It's hot in here anyway. And don't touch me so casually, "I snapped, shrugging off his hands. "Victoria, I don't even know how to ask your forgiveness for hurting you.
It's not about you, I..." "Then who's it about, Lord?" I turned to face him, but immediately regretted pushing him. His light eyes were full of storms, of painful memories, of scars being ripped open again. "They're nothing like you," he said, dropping his gaze, unable to look me in the eye. ---- "I... [wasn't always this strong. There was a time in my life when I couldn't protect the people I loved... even if I wanted to." My chest tightened. He wasn't faking it.
Something truly horrible had happened with a vampire, and his grief hit me like an invisible punch. "But I never meant to hurt you..." "Help me with the corset," I interrupted, turning my back and ending the conversation. He wasn't ready to talk about it, and I wouldn't push him any further. I just wanted a moment of peace, for once. Under the flickering light of the candelabras, a large shadow leaned over my back.
I could feel his silent breath caressing the nape of my neck while his fingers undid the laces. A strange moment of truce between the two of us. He touched me slowly, sliding the dress off my shoulders and caressing down my arms. The fabric got stuck at my hips, leaving my breasts exposed. ---- He stepped closer, and the warmth of his body pressed against my bare back, making me sigh. His masculine scent curled around me, possessive and dominant.
"I want you like I've never wanted another woman... you've got me under a spell I can't, and don't want to escaps His husky voice growled into my ear, sending a tremble through my whole body. His hands pushed the dress the rest of the way down, letting it fall around my legs. Leaving me completely naked. I bit my lip to hold back a moan as he licked along the column of my neck. His breathing got heavier, and something was poking hard against my ass.
His hands squeezed my waist, one slid up to my breast and the other down toward my belly. But I was ready to truly drive this man crazy... until there was no way he could ever confuse me with anyone else.
 Read Full Novel → 
###Chapter 1374
---- 226.1 LIKE BAD BOYS VICTORIA I purposely pushed my ass back against his tight leather pants, feeling his cock twitch with excitement. His tongue slid into my ear, sucking erotically. One hand closed around my nipple while the other headed straight between my legs. "My woman... mmn... let me check if you're okay..." His fingers slipped in gently, exploring my folds, caressing slowly and sweetly between the petals. I was this close to giving in. I burned with desire to let him have me...
"I said I'm fine. Just let me bathe in peace..." I gathered the courage to break free. Dug my nails into his arm and shoved him away, walking toward the tub completely naked I could feel his gaze devouring me, hear his frustrated growls. ---- Behind the thin screen, I finally let out the breath I was holding and bent down to take off my boots. I could practically hear him panting like a dog. That pervy wolf. A wicked smile tugged at the corner of my lips.
But I put my pretend dignity back on as I sank into the massive tub. It was huge and heavy-of course, made to fit that giant lycan's muscular body. I sighed with pleasure because the water was still warm. I completely ignored him while I pulled my hair up and twisted it into a bun on top of my head. But then a shadow fell over the bath, and there was no way I could pretend anymore once I saw what he was up to. "What...
what are you doing?" My voice came out broken when I saw him standing there, stripping in all his glory. He pulled the tunic off those strong forearms. Unbuttoned his black pants that clung like a second skin. ---- Dropped them with zero shame, showing me that proud erection that practically winked at me. Damn it, that thing was thick and fucking delicious. The memories of how good he felt inside me in the river still echoed in my mind. "I'm getting in too.
Gotta save water, it's scarce," he said, bold as hell. He kicked off his boots and leaned over the edge of the tub. My pervy eyes couldn't stop staring at the blond hairs on his. solid chest and the tattoos winding down his arms. Especially the dark one wrapped around his neck-it stood out the most. "There's... there's no room..." Damn it, woman, sound more confident! But those hazel eyes looked at me with amusement. He knew exactly what he was doing to me. "There's plenty of room...
and I know how to play this game too... my seductive female..."
 Read Full Novel → 
###Chapter 1375
---- He leaned in and kissed my scrunched-up nose. Before I could protest, he was already stepping into the tub. I leaned back against the wall as that veiny spear nearly took my eye out. I swear it brushed my nose when Dracomir leaned forward to sit across from me. Crazy thoughts of sucking on that fat red tip burned through my horny mind. "Bend your legs so we can fit," he whispered, filling the tub that now felt way too small.
That shameless bastard sat down with his legs outside mine, close together. Our thighs touched, and my feet were practically rubbing up on his balls. He leaned back, resting his arms on the edge, eyes half-closed in pleasure, letting out a deep, relaxed sigh. "But if I'm being honest...' he spoke again. Those light eyes narrowed as they roamed every inch of my body with perverted hunger. ---- The clear water didn't do much to hide us.
His tongue slid out to lick his canines, and a seductive smile curved at the edge of that mouth that was my downfall. "I like you better with your legs open and wrapped around my waist while you moan the way that gets me hard as fuck." He growled like a horny wolf, dropping one hand down and starting to stroke himself. His feet slid under me, right beneath my ass. There was nowhere to run. Iwas in serious, fiery trouble. Facing the grumpy Alpha was easier than this playful version.
"Too bad you didn't earn that privilege," I threw back with a bit of sass. "You should've been a nicer guy..." "But you don't like nice guys, baby... you love the bad ones..." Suddenly, he reached out, grabbing my ankle and holding me in place. "Let go of me, Draco, I'm not..." "You are... you get off on bad boys, and I can be the worst of ---- them all, Victoria..." His words slithered like dark promises. The sole of my foot was guided over his shaft, moved up and down along that hard length.
We both hissed at the filthy friction under the water. My leg, controlled by his unrelenting grip, and that hot, throbbing heat under my toes. "Ssshhh.... for you, I'd burn the whole world down, baby... don't ever doubt it... Vicky... mmn... I'm willing to change. I won't let anyone hurt you... not even me, love... sshh... not even me..." His promises blended with horny groans. He leaned back, eyes shut, body tense with raw lust. He was promising me the world... while jerking off with my foot.
This damn Lord was gonna melt my brain and, while he was at it my pussy too. cere' NARRATOR While Victoria and her Lord played their wicked games in the bath, Celia was losing her mind. "That whore, that damn vampire! We should've burned them all ---- alive!"
 Read Full Novel → 
###Chapter 1376
---- 227. A COLD-BLOODED CRIME NARRATOR Celia threw the heavy jewelry box off the table in a fit of rage. Her tent was a complete mess. He had defied the entire camp for a vampire. Didn't even care to hide the fact that he was obsessed with that whore. Everyone knew she was in love with him! "You reject me for a disgusting bloodsucker?! Ugh, damn it!" She hurled a flower vase at random, but with such bad luck it almost hit the poor woman trembling in a corner.
"YOU!" Celia suddenly remembered her. "You told me those poisonous herbs would ruin her skin, you idiot!" She lunged at the witch like a rabid dog and began slapping her. No matter how much the girl begged her in tears, trying to explain it wasn't her fault... ---- The bribed warrior was already dead, and Celia had no one left to blame.
It wasn't the first time she hit the girl-barely sixteen And the worst part was that afterward, she had to heal herself with magic so no one would find out, especially not the Lord. But this time, Celia's fury was completely out of control. All she could see were flashes of Dracomir with Victoria. That fierce desire she had never seen in his eyes when looking at any other female. And Dracomir had more than enough women throwing themselves at him just to warm his bed.
"'m going to beat you to death, bitch! Stay away from my man, he's mine, damn you, he's mine!" Her red eyes were confusing the real Victoria with the poor girl barely holding on, lying on the floor. There was something twistedly pleasurable about sinking her claws into her and punching her everywhere. She let out all her frustration until she realized the fake "Victoria" wasn't fighting back. ---- Not even crying or begging... just stiff.
Sanity hit Celia hard, and she stepped back, fear growing in her eyes. Blood stained her claws. All that was left was a crumpled body lying on the dark carpet. "No... no, I killed her... this can't be... Dad's going to be furious..." she trembled, finally fearing the consequences Her father used these girls to control the elder witches and bend them to his will. And if Dracomir found out, he'd punish and disown her.
He didn't tolerate unjustified violence, especially not against a woman, even if she was a vampire. "I have to get rid of the body. No one can find out..." She looked nervously toward the entrance The warriors were all gathered near the central bonfires, but a patrol guard could have heard her. That's when she realized how stupid she'd been. Heart pounding, throat tight, she pulled her dark hood over her ---- head and began dragging the "evidence" to the back of her tent.
 Read Full Novel → 
###Chapter 1377
---- She left the witch at the edge, then walked out through the front like she was just going for a stroll. One of the patrolling warriors approached and asked if everything was okay. Celia kept up her act, saying she was just out looking for her servant. But when she turned around, the soldier's whispered words made her blood run cold. "You mean the same servant who's bleeding out under your tent?" "What?" She turned pale, facing him.
She recognized him-the man who had spoken against the vampire and to whom the Lord had tossed a beheaded corpse. He stared deeply into her. Celia was shaking with fear... he knew. This soldier knew about her crime. "I don't know what you're talking about... stop being insolent!" "I'm talking about that, Miss," he said, pointing toward a spot in the grass. ---- The she-wolf followed his finger and instantly turned pale.
Blood was trickling out from the spot where she'd tried to slide the witch's body beneath the floor covering. "I didn't do it, I swear..." "Relax, don't get nervous. I'll help you hide it from the Lord and the Beta," he said suddenly, and she eyed him suspiciously. "But Miss Celia, I heard your father's looking to recruit personal guards..." "I'll speak to him about you if you help me. Consider it done," she promised without hesitation.
She was used to manipulating everyone with her family's status. After all, who didn't know how important Lord Dracomir's adoptive parents were? The man's dark eyes sparkled, clearly pleased. He never imagined hearing something so valuable during his patrol. So in the darkness, he carried the witch's barely alive body. Celia stayed behind and even made sure she was seen by some soldiers as she "searched" for her slave. ---- ceed "That spoiled brat couldn't even finish the job.
This woman's not dead," The warrior muttered as he slipped into the thick trees surrounding the camp. He planned to toss her into the nearby ravine and let nature take care of the rest. No one would find her-and who would care about a simple witch anyway? Only, that opportunist had no idea he was being watched in the dark. Someone had witnessed his crime. Rousse followed in silence. Meridiana had recognized the girl's magical scent. She was one of theirs and she was dying.
Rousse waited until they were far from the camp. The warrior himself had picked the perfect place to die. Just as he was about to throw the poor woman off the cliff, he ---- felt a threatening shadow move behind him. "Identify yourself..." He turned with his fangs bared, ready for a fightbut the enemy outmatched him. Rousse leapt forward and swiftly dragged the blade across the man's throat, silencing him before he could howl. The male's eyes widened, not believing he'd been killed in a breath.
He stumbled backward, unsteady, straight into the abyss, making strange sounds as the blood drained from his veins. But the worst part-he was still clutching the girl's body. "Grab her, Rousse! Get her or he's going to throw her off the cliff!" Meridiana shouted from within the General as she saw them drop over the edge, heading straight for a deadly fall.
 Read Full Novel → 
###Chapter 1378
---- 228. ON THE EDGE OF LOSING YOU NARRATOR Rousse's pupils trembled as he watched the two bodies fall down the cliff. He should've attacked the man sooner! He lunged forward, reaching out to catch the girl, but that bastard held on to her until his very last breath. He wouldn't let her go, not even at the end. Rousse knew the only way to save her was by taking a risk. "Get out of my body now, Meridiana!" he shouted at his female.
"No, don't do it, Rousse!" She knew exactly what he was about to do. "Damn it, I'm gonna give you a proper beating later!" Rousse roared and threw himself into the void, chasing after the witch's limp body. "Rousse!" Meridiana covered her mouth with her hands. The wind howled violently, shadows swallowed him, and the bottom... couldn't even be seen. ---- The general managed to grab the woman, and his gaze locked ona branch sticking out of the cliffside.
It wouldn't hold his weight, but it might serve as leverage. Twisting in midair, he secured the girl against his chest and positioned himself. When the moment came, his boots landed on the branch, which bent and creaked under the strain, ready to snap. Rousse used it as a launch point to leap closer to the dirt slope. Crack. The wood splintered, but he was already in the air with one hand reaching out. Like a beast. His dead fingers dug into the earth like sharp hawk talons.
He hung there by one arm, fiercely searching for a foothold. The rocky wall was dry and crumbling-carrying extra weight didn't help. Rousse looked up. The distance to the edge seemed like a damn miracle. ---- "Baby, get out of my body already, Meridiana. If you use your magic, you can float up there," he said through gritted teeth: He was holding on through sheer willpower. "Wait, just hold on a little longer, my male, just a bit more." "What are you going to do?
Meridiana!" Rousse started to worry as he felt the dark magic leaving his body, but instead of floating to safety, the shadow slipped into the dying girl. She was barely breathing. Meridiana took the full risk of merging with a body so close to death. This was the state her magic worked best in-but it came with consequences. If her energy overwhelmed this girl, she'd die for sure.
Rousse lost all semblance of a "normal" appearance when Meridiana slipped into the woman's body, No need for a union ceremony, not in that state. Suddenly, he saw her open her eyes-but they were a nearly white gray.
 Read Full Novel → 
###Chapter 1379
---- "Rousse, I can move her and help you climb!" his witch's voice came from that stranger's mouth. "Don't you dare risk yourself... Mnnn..." Several of Rousse's fingers were slowly fracturing. It didn't really hurt, but if he lost his grip... Meridiana reached for the elemental magic inside the witch and summoned nature's power. The girl used to play with plants, so she pulled the right spells from her memory. Her hands touched the soil and strong vines began to grow and weave together.
"Grab them, Rousse, hurry!" "Don't let go of my back!" Rousse growled, afraid she'd slip from his waist. Now more than ever, he had to protect her-because she wasn't just a witch anymore. His female's life was at stake too. The vines anchored firmly into the rocks and climbed upward, forming a staircase of tangled growth. ---- Out of the darkness and into the light, the massive shadow of a dead man carried a small woman on his back as he rose to the top.
They had long stopped hearing the dull thud of the warrior's body falling into the deadly depths. Rousse placed his hands and knees on the edge and managed to lower the girl from his back. As soon as she touched the ground, a black shadow slithered from her body and materialized as Meridiana. The witch, now on the floor, suddenly convulsed and vomited dark blood. "It's because I made things worse for her... Oh, Goddess..." Meridiana reached out with her hands. Darkness clouded her vision again.
"She would've died anyway if you hadn't. Come here..." Rousse took her little hand and guided it toward the gir Meridiana began chanting healing spells. The general took one look at the teenager's condition-they had really gone cruel on her. ---- Who could do this to a child? He stayed close, keeping watch, scanning the forest for danger. But then, he touched his face. She must've seen him as a dead man. He was hoping she only ever saw the reflection when he turned into that handsome man.
With a sigh, he pinched the bridge of his nose. That nonsense didn't matter now. "I think she can survive... even though she's badly hurt," Meridiana said, then turned her face toward him. Rousse froze, as if expecting her to say she regretted everything. "You think I haven't seen what you really are?" she asked, catching him red-handed She stood up, brushing off her dress slowly. Rousse started to get nervous. He hated that insecurity that clung to him like a damn infection. "Meridiana, I didn't know..."
 Read Full Novel → 
###Chapter 1380
---- 229. I LOVE THE WAY YOU LOVE ME NARRATOR "You think I only fell in love with the man from the illusion? Rousse, when are you going to get it? I love your soul, who you are, not how you look," she confessed, even in the middle of the chaos. The general's heart bloomed again, just like every time she said those words to him. He stepped forward with confidence and wrapped her tightly in his arms, wanting to fuse her into his chest.
"In the end, you've always been the brave one between the two of us," he whispered, kissing her temple. "I love everything about you too, my beautiful witch... everything." What he felt for her went far beyond words. Meridiana's arms wrapped around his back, caressing him gently. They stayed like that for only a few seconds. They had to think about what to do with the girl-this place wasn't safe.
---- "There's important information I pulled from her mind, Rousse." Meridiana suddenly placed a hand on his chest and stepped back to speak "She knows where your people are?" "Her memories were messy-she was dying. All I saw were caves, weird places..." she wrinkled her nose. "I can't channel my energy into her again, but I know something big. One of those things..." She raised her index finger.
"I think I can remove the restriction and make the magic spell over the fief stop affecting you." Rousse's eyes widened. That was amazing news! With his full power back, things would get way easier for them. "Let's do it. Let's hide in the forest," Meridiana returned to the safety of his body. Rousse picked up the girl and dove into the woods, far from the camp, so the wolves wouldn't catch their scent. ---- Soon, they'd give Victoria quite the surprise.
hee DRACO Perverted growls escaped from between my teeth. I never thought I'd end up jerking off using a woman's foot. And the best part? It felt so fucking good Her soft sole slid up and down, guided by my hand on her ankle, moving faster each time My cock was loving the massage-her tiny little toes were pressing into my swollen tip. "Mmn yeah, sshhh, squeeze harder..." My eyes narrowed in bliss, not looking away from her for even a second.
No matter how much I wanted to fake indifference, I could feel the raw desire pouring off her body. That intense scent that drove me fucking wild. "Stop... using my feet to scratch your itch, you pervert!"
 Read Full Novel → 
###Chapter 1381
---- She tried to pull her leg away, but the movement across my cock just turned me on even more. "Then come scratch me with what I really want," my wolf eyes slipped under the water. Mmm, I was dying to feel that tight, wet sensation again. To be swallowed whole until I had nothing left to give. "Shhh, baby, I won't hurt you again, I swear, Vicky," I whispered hoarsely, overcome by lust and the decision I had finally made. I couldn't keep living in the past. "Shhh...
fuck..." I groaned low when she started moving her foot on her own. Water began to splash everywhere, my cock under siege. This was the weirdest handjob I'd ever gotten, and yet, just knowing it was her, I was already at my fucking limit. I growled low, staring at her face-moans slipping out of those plump lips. She knew exactly what she was doing. She wanted me to blow so I'd let her go. I grinned darkly inside.
---- "You're not getting off that easy, baby." I let myself go, gripping the edge so hard I almost cracked the wood. "Mnnn, fuck, I'm gonna come... yeah... fuck, grrr..." I lunged forward, catching her off guard, as delicious waves crashed down my spine. Cum was already rushing out. I tackled my woman before she could react. Still seated, I grabbed her hair and pulled her face up right in front of my cock. I started stroking hard to get every drop out. "Open your mouth... mnnn, suck my tip...
open your mouth, Victoria! I ordered, with a guttural growl-like a beast desperate for her. Staring at her lust-drunk eyes. I'd figured out just how much it turned her on when I gave her orders in this master-and-slave role. My hand pumped up and down, the tip brushing her juicy lips ---- until they parted for me. When I felt the head of my cock slide in, I knew only glory awaited. I growled, fangs clenched, as heat and tight suction broke what little sanity I had left.
I thrust two or three times, fist tight at the base so I wouldn't go too deep. Her hands grabbed my thighs, fondling my hard balls as they started to pump. With a roar of release, I came deep in that tight throat, feeding her my load. Fisting her wet hair, worshiping the way she swallowed and gasped. Her breath came hot and fast against my tense abs. Every muscle in my body vibrating, hunched over her like a depraved bastard Fuck, that was insane-and it had only taken a few sucks.
I shut my eyes and let myself ride that ecstasy for just a few seconds. ---- Giving my cock a final shake, I pulled out so she wouldn't choke. White threads dripped from her lips and rolled down her chin. Still breathing hard and staring up at me, she stuck out her tongue and licked herself clean. Goddess, this woman was pure fucking sin. If I had to burn for her, I'd do it gladly. "You got your orgasm. Now let me go," she warned, putting her tough-girl mask back on.
"Nobody's holding you, baby," I said playfully, stepping back and diving into the water again. Waiting... like a hunter stalking his delicious prey. Tonight, I was going to devour her, no matter what.
 Read Full Novel → 
###Chapter 1382
---- 230. I NEED YOUR BLOOD DRACO My hands rested lazily on the sides of the tub, like a man who had just finished his business. Legs spread, satisfied attitude "Well... I'm leaving then..." she said again, throwing me a sharp look-but I didn't even flinch. "Fine," I replied quietly, and I almost lost my serious mask when I saw her pout. Of course, she didn't want to leave. And there was no way I was, letting her walk away unsatisfied.
She stood up with a huff, and the sight of her naked, dripping body had my cock rising again. She deliberately leaned over the edge, her full breasts bouncing with every movement. I swallowed, itching to suck them. My hands twitched, but I wanted to tease her a little longer. She glanced back at me, lifting her leg to get out. ---- I raised a brow silently, watching the fire flicker in her reddish eyes. "Hmph, it's true what they say...
you never know who you're working for..." She muttered in frustration, so sexy and damn gorgeous. I really regretted being such an asshole at the beginning and trying to push her away. Before she could slip out, I acted fast. My hand shot out, yanking her toward me. "Aah! Let go of me, you damn perverted Lord!" she squealed like a brat, pretending to struggle. I pulled her onto my lap, settling her on my thighs.
One hand locked around her waist like a shackle, the other gripped her chin, forcing her to look at me. "You make me a pervert. There's not a second in the day I don't think about you and all the filthy things I want to do to you, Vicky I confessed with a desperate growl before crashing my mouth against hers. ---- I devoured her like a starving beast, my tongue plunging deep, exploring her.
Her teeth threatened to shred my lips, but I let her put on her act, No matter how hard she pretended to resist me... Her whole body called to mine. Her soul pulled at mine. That heat between her thighs burned right against my hard cock. Finally, she wrapped her arms around me and dug her nails into my back, kissing me back like a wild thing. There were so many things I wanted to tell her. My hands roamed her hips, her spine-I tangled in her long hair and pulled her even closer.
We gasped and moaned into each other's mouths. I leaned back, taking her with me, grabbing and kneading her ass roughly. Slaps echoed under the water as my female moaned for me, sucking my lips, caressing my chest. I opened her up and slid my fingers into her pussy from behind, caressing her slowly.
 Read Full Novel → 
###Chapter 1383
---- But the image of her bleeding still haunted me. "My love, does it hurt? If I use my fingers, does it hurt?" I asked while licking her ear, my middle finger probing that tight little hole. The water made it easy to slide in and out. Her juices mixed with it on my fingertips. "Mmmunn," she arched her back and moaned into my chest. "Vicky, does it hurt...?" "No... shhh, it doesn't... I'm fine," she said, taking my face in her hands, looking me in the eyes. I got lost in those crimson pupils.
"I've healed-it was just a scratch... don't stop... don't stop, my male... mmnn..." And with that my male, I completely lost control. I stretched her open gently, scissoring my fingers, kissing her, drowning in passion. "My love, I can't take it anymore, Victoria, I need you," I begged hoarsely. ---- If it was her, I didn't care if I had to beg a thousand times. Her answer was to reach down between us, still sitting on my hips, and take hold of my cock.
My heart thundered in my chest, desperate for her. "Look at me while you ride me. Look at me, baby... shhh, I need to see you"-"to know it's really you making love to me." Victoria kissed my nose, beads of sweat mixing on our skin. Below, my tip pushed into that tight, throbbing, delicious sheath. My head rolled back as she sat down hard, knocking the breath out of me. "Aaahh!" she cried out, horny as hell.
Damn, I'd told the Beta to keep everyone the hell away from my tent-I hoped they stayed far. Her tongue licked my jaw and Adam's apple while her hips started rocking, up and down. I dug my fingers into her flesh, rough and turned on. I pushed her to take me all the way, spearing her upward. Water began to splash from the violence of her bouncing. ---- "Ahh, fuck, you're killing me, honey... sshhh..." My muscles were tightening with every thrust. We looked like two animals fucking.
My feet kicked at the wooden edge, searching for something to hold onto. My eyes stayed glued to the fiery woman riding me. The sensual sway of her body, the curve of her waist... The trembling of her belly every time my cock hit those tight, deep spots. Her back arched beautifully, eyes closed, head thrown back. She raised her arms, tangled her fingers in her damp brown hair, shining under the candlelight.
Her free breasts bounced wildly from the furious ride she was giving me, dragging me to the edge of full-blown pleasure. My greedy mouth latched onto one of those rosy areolas. I sucked it in deep, hungry, desperate to feed on her. Tasting her sweat mixed with that dark, wicked scent of sinful seduction. ---- My cock pumped in and out, balls swelling again. Victoria's rushed moans and frantic hips told me she was close.
That soaking pussy was strangling my dick, dripping even more with every thrust. "My male... aahhh... my Lord, I can't... aahh yes, yes... suck me harder... fuck me deeper... aahhh it feels so good!" I kissed her mouth to muffle the screams-if the whole camp heard her, I'd lose it. In the middle of our frenzy, right on the edge of climax... Right at the moment I was about to mark her with my seed, we reached it again. I knew it all too well: she craved my blood.
 Read Full Novel → 
###Chapter 1384
---- 231. I'M STILL ALIVE DRACO Her fangs extended, nibbling my lips with urgency. Her nails clawed at my neck, searching for the spot to sink in and open the wound. I was ready to let it happen, damn it, I couldn't let those memories keep controlling me. I wanted to feed her so badly. I'd give her everything she needed. Only me... "Do it... do it, Vicky..." I paused for a second and grabbed the back of her neck, pressing our foreheads together.
"Take from my vein..." "No, no, I don't need it," she started shaking her head, tense, trying to hide her thirst "Just do it, damn it! You're mine, my female, no one else. I want this... I want to give you my life... take it..." We stared at each other for what felt like an eternity, still joined together, my cock buried deep in her blessed pussy.
I tilted my neck to the side, swallowing hard, never breaking eye ---- contact-reminding myself that those beautiful eyes belonged to the vampire I... loved. I loved Victoria. She was my mate. I didn't need my wolf to know it. I'd never let her down again. She reached out, and I half-closed my eyes; my heart pounded like wild horses inside my chest. "Lift your hand," she asked, her voice hoarse. "What?
Why..." "Give me your hand, baby, come here..." She grabbed the arm I had wrapped around her waist and traced a trail of kisses along my forearm. That tender sweetness mixed with burning lust. Her head tilted, my arm resting on her breasts. She began licking the bulging veins at my wrist. "No, Victoria, it can be from my neck... I won't resist, baby..." "That's exactly what I don't want," she looked up at me, guiding my hand to her cheek.
---- "I don't want you forcing yourself to accept something just to please me. I'll wait for the day you offer it willingly." She hissed, those sharp canines sliding slowly across my skin. Giving me the chance to say no, to back away... But I wouldn't. Not even dead. Her eyes turned blood red; she never looked away from mine. She opened her mouth and in a heartbeat, those plump lips were stained with my blood. I growled, feeling the deep pierce and pull at my vein.
Her tongue swirled as if caressing the wound. Wet, satisfied sounds escaped her mouth Along with her sucking, she started riding me again, bouncing faster and harder. I watched the blood run from the corners of her lips down my arm, dripping into the water, turning it crimson. I felt... shhh, aroused. Too damn tumed on by watching her drink, eyes rolled back in ecstasy.
 Read Full Novel → 
###Chapter 1385
---- Her desire rose with mine. Her hunger devoured my sanity. Was this what it felt like to feed a vampire during sex? Shhh... it was too addictive, too dark... I wanted more. I wanted to fill her in every way possible. I thrust upward, frenzied, meeting every bounce. The tub was almost empty, the floor soaked, the candles on the verge of going out. "asshh, fuck this feels good, baby... mmnnn, grrr, Victoria, Victoria... mine, you're mine..." I stared at her, obsessed.
She released my vein, and her bloodstained lips crashed against mine. I lifted her with brute strength, stumbling out of the tub, guided by instinct, pushing through the darkness. Our mouths didn't stop devouring each other. I tasted myself on her and bit her back, tasting her too. Everything was raw and dark... ours. ---- I laid her on the bed without letting up, buried deep between her thighs. On the furs and hides, my hips moved mercilessly, fucking her until she screamed into my neck.
She trembled from head to toe. Her nails clawed into my back, ripping me open, making me even wilder. Her pussy clenched in waves of orgasm. My own release surged from deep in my balls. I pulled back and flipped her on all fours, covering her mouth and ramming in from behind. It only took a few thrusts before I saw fucking stars and came inside her with a howl that ripped from my throat. I reached a state I'd never felt before.
I could feel it in the madness-That primitive instinct to mark what was mine. The knot swelled up like it hadn't in years, locking into her folds, meant to breed my female. My fangs grew uncontrollably, her fragile nape exposed to my ---- instinct to claim. A roar built in my soul. It hurt like my chest was being ripped open-but I couldn't resist. I lowered my head and bit down, fully intent on claiming her. I plunged into her to the hilt.
Her muffled moans seeped past my hand, soaked in pleasure. The wooden frame beneath us creaked, ready to collapse. Darkness. Sweat. Blood. Sex... and in the midst of all that chaos, something roared in my mind: "MINE! MY MATE! DON'T YOU DARE LET HER GO, DRACOMIR! SHE BELONGS TO ME!" My... my wolf. Alan was speaking to me. Hadn't he been devoured by the dark magic of that ice crystal?
 Read Full Novel → 
###Chapter 1386
---- 232. I LOVE YOU SO MUCH VICTORIA I was seeing all the constellations, discovered and undiscovered. I knew making love to Draco would be amazing, but this male was driving me insane. His sweaty body moving over me, inside me His rough hands ravaging my skin, his mouth kissing every inch. It was incredible. But tasting his blood awakened that dark desire that lives within my race. If it felt that good from his wrist, I can't even imagine the ecstasy of drinking from his neck.
I'll be patient, I'll heal his fears and the traumas I've discovered he carries. Some miserable vampire fed off him by force, I'm sure of it. Still, the surprises just kept coming tonight. When he turned me around and made me get into the mating position of his kind, I felt his raw need on the verge of roaring. ---- Before I could react, his body slammed into mine so deliciously I was pushed back to the edge of orgasm. I never thought he'd mark my nape, claiming me, even if it wasn't permanent.
As I shattered into a thousand pieces, I felt him cum inside my pussy. His cock trembled and throbbed, something thick began to swell and stretch me more and more. His wolf's knot? What the hell? I tilted my neck for him, craving his bite, loving how possessive he was. Dracomir almost collapsed over me, resting his elbows on either side of my head. He bared his fangs and I moaned at the mix of pain and pleasure.
His tongue licked me over and over again, growling like a beast and tearing into the furs beneath us with his claws Savage lust, mixed with the thrill of our bodies climaxing together. ---- "My male..." I moaned, eyes half-closed, spreading my legs more to give him space. Damn it, I couldn't even last one day pretending to be hard to get. I'm so soft. I fell onto the furs, breathing heavily, enjoying the peace that follows release. But suddenly something felt off.
His face was buried in my sweaty hair, his breath falling heavily on my back. He didn't say anything-just soft growls slipped through his teeth. They sounded like... pain? "Draco, is something wrong?" I tried to turn, though it was hard with that pole still buried deep in my pussy. "Draco..." "Wait, baby, it's nothing bad..." He hugged me, rolling us to the side. We hissed as our genitals rubbed together.
 Read Full Novel → 
###Chapter 1387
---- I felt his seed slipping from my folds and running down my thighs. In the darkness, all I could hear was our hearts and Draco's heavy breathing. "it's my wolf," he said hoarsely a few seconds later, and I froze. I had never asked, but I'd already noticed there was something off about that. "Your animal side?" "Yes, baby... he spoke to me," I felt his arms tighten around my waist His voice trembled slightly with emotion. "I thought I'd lost him... but you brought him back, Vicky.
He's still weak, but he's somewhere in the depths of my world." Wet kisses fell on my nape. "How did I bring him back? Was it... from making love?" "Because you're my mate, Victoria. You know it damn well... you're mine, baby," he confessed, making me shiver. "You're the destined partner of my wolf, Alan. Ours." ---- My heart skipped a beat and a knot tightened in my throat. Of course I knew it. His blood was the most addictive thing I'd ever tasted.
I would've never forgiven any other man but my mate like I've forgiven him. "He doesn't mind that I'm a vampire?" I whispered. "No. The first thing he did was threaten to tear me apart if I ever let you go." "So you only accept me because of your wolf?" The question slipped out before I could even think. But Draco answered with actions. He caressed and lifted my leg into the air. His shaft started moving slowly, pulling out little by little, the knot finally giving way. "Mnnn...
shh..." I whimpered softly as I felt him slipping out He moved me, turned me over, laid me against the pillows as he nestled between my legs. His firm chest pressed over my breasts, his hands cupped my ---- cheeks, his body completely covering mine. Through the shadows I could see his light eyes locked deeply on mine. "I'll never be able to apologize enough for what I did to you... for everything..." he began to murmur softly. Sweat mingled between us.
"I don't accept you because of my wolf, Victoria. In fact, he didn't fully return-he only showed up for a moment, when I bit you," he explained. I still didn't get how he could turn into a lycan without his animal side present. "But there's one thing I want to make crystal clear," he said, grabbing my chin firmly. "My wolf just confirmed what I already felt in my heart. I love you, my naughty vampire. You've broken through every wall of hatred and resentment I had.
I love you so damn much..." His lovestruck whisper made me tremble from head to toe. There was no escaping the intensity of those hazel eyes. "I do too..." my lips whispered, almost on their own. "I love you too, my insufferable lord."
 Read Full Novel → 
###Chapter 1388
---- My lips mirrored the smile that formed on his. He lowered his head and kissed me-tender, slow, sensual-until it sparked into fire and heat. The threads of fate wove tighter between us. I could feel his emotions, his love, his devotion, through the temporary bond he'd placed on my neck. It was unreal... and I couldn't wait to mark him in my vampire way and drink from his neck. We stayed wrapped in each other for a long time, in a silence that said more than a thousand words.
My thoughts twisted, trying to figure out how I'd confess that I wasn't from his world, and I was still looking for a way to return home. But knowing him, he wouldn't take that well. Ino longer planned to escape him If Left, I wanted him to come with me. How could I ask him to abandon his entire territory, his people? It wouldn't be fair. ---- "What's bothering you? You've got something spinning in that mind of yours," I tensed hearing him speak.
But I quickly played it off "lL was thinking about Alan," I muttered, twisting my mouth at the sound of that cute little name for what was surely a fierce and wild Alpha. "How can you get him back?" "I don't know, I'll find a way. But don't worry about it." He kissed my hair. Iwas laying on top of his warm, naked, still-damp body. "Right now all I care about is you-us. I won't give you up, and I don't care about the consequences.
I want you, I crave you..." He held me like I might vanish at any second. "From the first moment I smelled your scent, I couldn't stop dreaming of you, searching for you." His sweet words filled my ears. "Like an idiot, I watched you during your silly little thefts, heard your name, kept your smiles... even the ones you gave that dumbass vampire." ---- I shivered realizing Id been stalked by this wolf all that time. There I was thinking I was such a pro thief, and he was just letting me play.
"That vampire and I were never a thing. He just helped me when I first got to this territory," I said plainly. Now I understood why Marius was always the target of those" random" attacks from the guards. "Victoria," he suddenly said my name in an overly serious tone. "Tell me the truth. Whatever it is, I can take it," he said, lifting my face to meet his burning gaze. "Are you really the slave of some Zarek, and you just happened to end up in this realm by accident?"
 Read Full Novel → 
###Chapter 1389
---- 233. THE ENEMY LIVES IN YOUR HOUSE VICTORIA The pounding in my chest was about to give me away. Should I tell him the truth? I didn't know... I still felt like I couldn't fully trust him. What if he locked me up in his fortress tower to keep me from escaping? "L... well..." "Wait... sshh." Before I could mess it up, he tensed and pressed his finger to my lips. His furrowed gaze shifted toward the curtains separating the bedroom from the outer chamber. "Something's happened.
My Beta's looking for me, and he knows damn well not to interrupt me," his stern expression said it all-trouble. "Go, go, Draco, it's okay," I began to slide off him, but he pulled me back and kissed me. It seemed painfully hard for him to leave. "Damn it, now I want to leave even less. Somebody better be ---- dead," he muttered, finally getting out of bed He walked in all his naked glory to the wooden chest and pulled out a pair of pants and a loose linen shirt.
He dressed fast and efficiently, slipping into his boots. "Get some rest and don't worry. I'll be back soon." He kissed my lips, leaving me tangled in the furs as he stormed out, clearly pissed-poor Beta didn't stand a chance. I stared at the dark ceiling, my body still humming from the amazing sex. But my mind was far from calm. Suddenly, in the middle of my thoughts, a voice slipped in. "Miss Victoria, we need to talk." "Roussel" I sat up in bed. "Where are you?
I'm on my way." Since Draco had just left and the camp seemed distracted, I slipped out. I cleaned up a bit, got dressed, and lifted the back of the tent to melt into the shadows. But just as I was nearing the forest's cover, a patrol of warriors was searching for something. ---- I crouched behind some bushes, listening to them talk about someone who had gone missing I couldn't focus on that-they were getting closer. It was impossible to hide like before. They were going to find me!
Draco's strong scent still lingered on me, and these plants wouldn't mask it much longer. I was already thinking of some excuse for being out at night when something grabbed my ankle. That same sensation I'd felt since I was little. Something yanked me down, and like a spell, I vanished into a circle of black runes burned into the earth. It only lasted a second but opened a portal that dropped me into Rousse's undead space.
When I opened my eyes, I was in that tunnel of dark bricks, with torches flickering along the walls. This was Rousse's underground route for travel. All of it powered by the dark magic my father had gifted him. "Rousse! You got your powers back! How?"
 Read Full Novel → 
###Chapter 1390
---- I exclaimed with joy but stopped when I saw his tense look. He stepped back, sniffing slightly, and the red rushed up my neck. "Meridiana lifted the restrictions," he muttered, but those sharp eyes never stopped studying me. "I don't need to be a wolf to know your mate doesn't want any males near you. You mated with that Lord," he said firmly. "He's my mate... I couldn't stop it," I confessed with a sigh. His eyes widened in surprise before he just let out a long breath.
"Let's go to Meridiana," he said, starting to walk. The dark hole before him built itself as he moved, bricks appearing in real time to form a path underground. It was like he was digging the tunnel as he walked. An incredible illusion "Your father's not gonna like this," he muttered. Just imagining my dad's face made me a bit nervous. Less than a minute later, he grabbed my hand again.
He lifted the other toward the ceiling and the same black rune circle lit up, spinning nonstop until it swallowed us whole. ---- One blink later, we emerged far away, deep in the forest. The first thing I saw was Meridiana sitting beside the body of that she-wolf's slave. "What is this?" I asked, walking toward them with a frown. Rousse began to speak and explained everything as he examined the girl. "That filthy bitch.." I clenched my fists, full of rage. "You have to be careful.
From what Meridiana pulled from her mind, things in the fortress aren't so simple," Rousse warned me. "The wolves have my witch clan captive-my mentor too," Meridiana said angrily. "Dracomir wouldn't do something like that..." "I didn't see the Lord. It was another man. He has them ina dungeon. He wants them for something... but I couldn't tell what. It's bad, Victoria..." She suddenly grabbed my hands, desperate. Time was running out. I had to return or Draco would go mad looking for me.
"Tell me, Meridiana, what does this man look like? Describe him completely." ---- I asked urgently. I needed to know what I was up against in that fortress. Secrets kept piling up, and something told me even Dracomir was being used. I listened, and we all thought about what to do. "Rousse, since you can sneak into any place now, take them to where the vampires are hiding. They can protect this girl." "I don't trust that Marius guy either," he said gruffly. "Neither do I.
But for now, he's our only ally, and you need a place to save this girl. Besides, you'll be close to me at the fortress." He agreed in the end. If I needed him, he wouldn't be any help so far away. "I'll find a way to save them, I promise," I told Meridiana. "There's something else," she added suddenly. "We also need to return to the realm because she hid something. Some kind of magical ice shard." "Something magical?" Rousse and I asked at the same time.
 Read Full Novel → 
###Chapter 1391
---- "Yes. I saw her hide it when she left the fortress. She didn't want that she-wolf to find it... I think it's important." "Find it. Rousse, that's your job. I'll handle the castle." "What do I tell the vampire about you?" he asked, and he was right-Marius would ask. "Tell him I'm serving in the fortress as a maid. That we only found these witches. Say whatever you want...
just don't tell him the truth." I explained, standing face-to-face with Meridiana "And now, remove my restrictions." I needed all my power to face what was coming. And I never imagined the war that was on the horizon My beloved Lord thought he was free... But the chains never left his neck. creed That night, I made it back to the camp just in time not to get caught. But I had to swallow my rage at the bullshit story that was being told.
---- That damn bitch had thrown a full-blown show claiming her slave had been taken. She even showed a rug stained with blood. Said she'd gone for a walk and came back to find it that way. At first, she blamed some infiltrated vampire. But when her soldier accomplice didn't show either, the blame shifted to him. I watched her from the shadows, ready to rip out her throat. She cried all over my man, trying to make him feel sorry for her.
Didn't even bother touching him, despite the fact that he still reeked of wild sex with me. Pathetic woman. I tried to open Draco's eyes, hinting that maybe it had been her... because it WAS her! But he didn't believe she was capable of such a thing. He protected her too much for some reason-and I was insanely jealous. Itjust gave me more reasons not to tell him the truth. He wasn't being ive. The next day, we headed back to the fortress...
and I found out ---- why That cold-blooded killer was the biological daughter of the couple who raised Dracomir. He cared deeply for those old folks-second-in-command in the realm. But when I looked up at the fortress tower and saw the man. waiting for us, a shiver ran down my spine. If I didn't know the truth, even I would've been fooled by that " kind" and "understanding" wolf. The very one Meridiana had described. The one holding the witches captive... working for him behind Dracomir's back.
I had to find proof to expose him. No matter what.
 Read Full Novel → 
###Chapter 1392
---- 234, LOW-QUALITY TRICKS VICTORIA Life inside the walls and outside of them were definitely two different worlds. Standing at the window of the room I'd been given, I looked out toward the beautiful villas beneath the fortress. That's where the werewolves lived-this was Dracomir's pack and his home. As soon as he arrived, he had to deal with a thousand things. I understood his position, and I wasn't some accessory he needed to keep hanging off his arm all day.
Suddenly, my gaze was drawn to a few carriages arriving in the front courtyard. They looked like elegant guests. They were led inside by the staff, and then more carts arrived I saw that hypocritical assassin walk out to check the merchandise. Boxes and boxes covered in satin. ---- She was considered royalty in my realm, so I could easily say those were finely tailored clothes. "Well, aren't you spoiled," I muttered with annoyance.
Knowing all of that was being bought with the money my man handled filled me with such arrogance. Suddenly, the door to my room opened and I heard the footsteps of the maid that had been assigned to me. "Miss Victoria, this arrived for you," she said, carrying a cockroach-colored box. "What is it?" I asked, walking over to the bed where she had placed it. "A maid gave it to me at Lady Agatha's request, she said it's for this afternoon's gathering," she replied, stepping aside respectfully.
Truth was, no one had treated me badly, despite me being a vampire. That old "kind" wolf who welcomed us gave me a strange look when Dracomir said I was his lover, but he didn't say anything more. As for his wife, that Agatha woman and housekeeper of the ---- fortress, I hadn't had the misfortune of meeting her yet. I'll admit it annoyed me a bit, but Draco and I had talked about my identity. It's not wise to reveal that I'm his mate... not yet. The hatred toward vampires was too much.
Showing his interest in me and not treating me just like a slave was already stirring whispers against the Lord. Beheading his soldiers in the camp was one thing, but could he alone handle a rebellion in his own realm? I doubt it, especially with traitors living at his side We still needed to be smart... and I needed to be even smarter. "Are you sure this is for me?" I asked, holding the garment in my hands.
"Yes, yes, she told me to pick that box out of many others, but I made sure it was the right one." She nodded eagerly. She was a young she-wolf, and her innocence showed all over her face. She didn't even look at me with the hatred of the older ones.
 Read Full Novel → 
###Chapter 1393
---- "Okay, and the rest of the boxes?" I asked, tossing that piece-of- shit dress back into the hideous box. "I think... well, I heard they're for Miss Celia." She lowered her head, maybe expecting me to explode like some bitter lover. "It's fine, don't worry. Just one last question-where are her quarters? I mean... so I can thank her..." Before leaving, she told me clearly. I raised an eyebrow and curled my lips with mischief.
Seriously, if they thought I was going to fall for these pathetic, low-quality tricks, they could already kiss my ass. That dress might impress a poor little vampire with no clothes, but not me-I was dressed in silk since the day I was born. And let's not forget, they probably expect that after they humiliate me, I'll go crying to Dracomir, But the one who's going to pay for this little game will be that bratty girl. "Celita, Celita and your dear mommy Agatha, sweethearts...
by the time you started playing, I had already walked that path a ---- thousand times." I closed the box and hid it behind the wardrobe. I also locked the room door to make sure no one would notice my absence. Then I summoned my magic and turned into mist, flowing out the window in search of hers. It wasn't hard to find her tower-through the glass, I could see mountains of shopping bags. I slipped in with the breeze and appeared behind a tall full-length mirror anchored in the corner.
"Did you make sure to give that servant the right box?" she asked, sitting at her vanity while a maid styled her hair. "Yes, miss, and don't worry. When the time comes, I'll say she got confused." Vicious little bitches, both of them. Just like I figured, they had this whole plan to embarrass me and blame it on my maid. Once Celia was alone, she started undressing to take a bath, but through a gap I saw her grab a tiny black box.
---- She opened it like it was a secret treasure, and I immediately understood why. Sexy lingerie-barely a scrap of lace as panties and some straps to lift her boobs. She looked at it with red cheeks. Shy little thing. I'd bet my head she was thinking about my man while sighing and hiding it in the back of her closet. Dark thoughts started brewing in my head. I waited for her to step into the bath before calmly walking through the mess of luxury goods.
I could hear the water sloshing, her breathing, even her heartbeat. Distant footsteps in the hallway. She would never imagine a powerful vampire was lurking around her things. One snap of my fingers and she'd be dead. "And I will finish you... but first, let's have a little fun." I thought, pulling out a stunning burgundy dress-low-cut, daring, with black lace. ---- "Totally my wild style." I grabbed it along with a matching pair of heels.
There was so much stuff, she wouldn't even notice it was gone until it was way too late. I was heading for the window when I turned toward the closet. "Mmm, almost forgot the best part." I took the lingerie set and replaced the box exactly where it was, just as I heard her getting out of the tub. I stood on the window ledge, the breeze sweeping through my long hair.
"Tonight's going to be unforgettable." I smiled just like my sadistic father used to when he had to wipe out an entire army of rebels. Then I stepped forward and dropped from the tower, shifting in midair and flowing away with the wind. Time to show these flea-bitten wolves that you don't play with a Vlad.
 Read Full Novel → 
###Chapter 1394
---- 235. I INVITED MYSELF VICTORIA I pushed up my breasts, nearly bursting out of the square neckline. Tightened the waist that was squeezed into the corset. I was ready to leave everyone speechless... and a certain wolf drooling. Walked to the door and scanned the hallway-no one was standing guard. Soon enough they'd put spies on me, but I guessed they didn't see me as a threat yet. Like I owned the damn fortress, I stepped into the hall and summoned my powers to move like mist.
Through the passageways, I searched for my mate's delicious scent. Everyone was focused on tonight's event. While I was bathing, Draco had visited-turns out his room connects to mine through a door. He looked overwhelmed with duties. ---- Didn't want to pile on more or show up with complaints. I could handle those harpies myself, but tonight, I was definitely going to make a scene. I found him in what looked like his office, but before going in, I heard him talking to someone.
No one was nearby, so I stopped in the hallway and pressed my ear to the door. "I'm not against you having fun, you're a young male, but Dracomir... there are already rumors. Why would you house your slave in the room meant for your future wife?" I frowned hearing that two-faced old man. "Father, she's not my slave, I told you she's my mate. She's special to me..." Draco even called him "father." Clearly, he respected that pair of wolves. "She's a vampire...
have you forgotten what those creatures did to us? What they did to your sainted mother?" "Victoria is good... I can't keep judging all vampires based on my grudges." I closed my eyes in pure satisfaction hearing his firm, ---- unwavering answer. I expected the man to argue, but he just sighed "Well, son, you know we'll always support you, but Dracomi the Lord of the other realm won't like this. Did you forget your arrangement with his daughter?" "I never said yes, and now even less.
Victoria is my partner. I don't want anyone else." ?Any clearer than that, you miserable old bastard Trying to marry off my man just to gain an alliance. "Then get ready for the consequences. This could start a war with the other realm. All werewolves hate vampires." I tensed hearing the scrape of a chair. Sounded like he was leaving. "So be it," my man answered him. And damn, now I really owed him a good blowjob tonight. "It'll be a hard road, but we're with you, son," said the hypocrite.
 Search Novels Here → 
###Chapter 1395
---- Now I understood how he played it. In front of Draco he was the understanding "adoptive father," but behind his back, scheming I was about to hide so they wouldn't catch me, when I heard my ---- alpha speak again. "Frederick," he called him by name. "Talk to Celia. I don't want any trouble from her over Victoria. I don't want to hurt her, but I..." "I know you don't love her. It's a shame, I always hoped you'd end up with her, but I made peace with the other realm's alliance.
However, now..." He paused dramatically. "Well, you don't find your mate every day. Let's enjoy the night, son." He acted like he understood Draco's choice. "Come, walk with your old father to the main hall." I concealed my aura and melted into the shadows behind a statue. Watched them walk away, heading to the other side. Draco paused at the doorway I tensed as he sniffed in my direction, "What is it?" "Nothing," he replied to the man, and they left.
---- Ugh, I really need to be more careful with that sharp-nosed wolf. 'eho So I followed from a distance. Music floated through the air, along with some feminine laughter. At the corner, I peeked to see them arrive, blending into the shadows like mist. That Celia girl came out with some women Goddess, the way they were practically drooling over my man. Especially that idiot. With her little modest dress, she couldn't even catch the attention of a virgin.
She giggled flirtatiously, and some older woman beside her brushed off Draco's tunic. White and black hair, "kind" eyes, motherly attitude. I'd bet anything that was Agatha, They tried to lead him inside, and a few guests stepped out just to sneak peeks at him, but he refused. ---- "Im going to find my companion," he told them. "Her? Why would you bring a slave?" Celia asked with a pout. Dracomir's frown deepened with clear annoyance.
"Celia, what did we talk about?" the father jumped in, and the mother squeezed her daughter's hand. Goddess, what a well-rehearsed show. Even I might've believed it if I didn't know the truth. But before Dracomir could throw out one of his sharp replies, it was time for me to make my entrance. My body materialized in the hallway, fingers running through my wild waves of loose hair. I walked confidently down the carpet, turned the corner, and revealed myself. "No need to look for me, darling.
Since you were taking so long, I decided to come on my own." I said it loud enough for everyone to hear. Through the wide open doors, nearly every guest turned their eyes toward me.
 Search Novels Here → 
###Chapter 1396
---- 236. THE LORD'S TROUBLES VICTORIA But the best reaction came from that harpy... no, wait, scratch that-Draco's face was the best. Those beast-like pupils scanned me from head to toe, lingering right on my deep neckline. The curves of my pale breasts stood out against the red and black of my dress. I could've sworn I heard him gulp as he strode firmly toward me. Exactly how I wanted him-tongue out, fly tight. And I'd make sure to unzip him myself later.
That's what the erotic lingerie was for, courtesy of Celia, who looked like she'd just eaten sh*t. She was muttering heatedly with her mother-I'd bet anything it was about the dress. "I had someone bring you something more to wear..." Draco stopped in front of me, so close he practically caged me with his body. "More?" I raised an eyebrow, and he went speechless, eyes ---- glued to my boobs "F*ck, you can't go in there dressed like that.
Too many males around," he finally met my gaze, jaw clenched, pulling off his cloak. I noticed he hadn't even changed much-still dressed almost like he'd come from battle. "This is the dress I got-from your lovely Celia and her dear mother." I took a step back. "And since I live off the charity of others, because I didn't get boxes and boxes of clothes... I wear whatever's handed to me." "Victoria... she went shopping beforehand. I didn't know you'd be coming with me.
I told you tomorrow..." "Tomorrow is tomorrow, and today is today. Or did you expect me to show up naked?" I snapped, putting him in a bind. His fists clenched his cloak so tightly I thought he'd tear through it with his claws. "Or... are you embarrassed? Did you hope I wouldn't come?" "Of course not. I was coming to find you. Baby, don't make a scene." He stepped closer, trying to quietly drape the cloak over me. ---- "Sweetheart, I came ready to behave...
as long as no one provokes me." Before he could react, I brushed off his cloak and moved around him. Walked proudly toward the entrance, where a good number of curious onlookers had already gathered. I felt my upright breasts bouncing against the neckline, and my hair swaying sensually. I know I'm sexy and attention-grabbing, so why pretend to be modest? Vampires have that charm that draws in men-no matter the species.
I saw the greed in those noblemen's eyes, and a warning growl echoed behind me. "Good evening, Mr. and Mrs. Fenir. My Lord has spoken a lot about you-it's a pleasure to meet you." I nodded with minimal reverence to those cunning elders. I looked them straight in the eye and saw it-rage, buried deep inside their souls.
 Search Novels Here → 
###Chapter 1397
---- "I see you're already settling into the fortress," the woman said, giving me a head-to-toe scan Still, she quickly masked her disdain. Draco was right behind me. "Let's have a little ladies' chat later, but for now, let's enjoy the evening." Between protocol and fake smiles, we finally entered the grand hall Under the luxurious chandeliers, the atmosphere felt tense. Discreet eyes couldn't stop watching us. Mouths whispered across the small groups.
Servants moved around with wine and appetizers. Heavy dark curtains waved against the massive windows. No doubt by morning, everyone would know about the Lord's vampire lover. I moved away from Draco, giving space to the nobles eager to lick my boots. I stood by the window, looking out at the garden, but a sly smile ---- spread across my lips when I smelled him Hadn't even been five minutes since I left him. "Having fun with all this, huh?" a low grow! huffed into my ear.
The heat of his body pressed against my back, shielding us from prying eyes. "aren't I being so well-behaved?" I sipped my wine, wishing like hell it was his blood. "Victoria..." my name slipped from his lips with hunger. He brought his hand up, wrapping it possessively around my neck, tucking me against his chest. "If your goal was to give every wolf in this room a hard-on... congratulations." He practically barked in my ear. He was clearly barely holding it together.
"I've been this close to ripping out half their throats every time you walk by in that tight little dress..." "Then what do you think your lovely relatives were hoping to achieve by giving it to me?" I played dumb "You can bet I'll be dealing with that later. But right now... by the ---- Goddess, my woman, just put on my damn cloak, or I swear I'l bite you." "No, what's standing at attention here is you," I whispered, rising on my toes and pressing my ass discreetly against his hard bulge.
A heated hiss rumbled from his chest, and he inhaled the scent of my hair. He was nearly on top of me, pinning me into this "secluded" corner. But anyone paying the slightest attention would still find us. "My love..." he whispered. "Thank you all for joining us for this wonderful evening!" -the voice of that old nobleman boomed out, cutting off Draco's plea. We both stepped back like kids caught making out and looked up toward the top of the marble staircase.
 Search Novels Here → 
###Chapter 1398
---- 237. SEX AND REVENGE VICTORIA That man welcomed everyone like he owned the place, and out of nowhere, proposed a toast to the Lord. The spotlights shifted back to us. Dracomir was clearly tense, stepping right in front of me to completely shield me from view. Applause and even loud cheers rang out in his name. Some idiot even congratulated him for slaughtering the rebel vampires on the borders.
The crowd's excitement grew, but the rigid tension in his back told me he was uncomfortable, probably thinking I'd be upset. I reached out and gently stroked his side where no one could see. Felt the shiver run beneath my fingers. "It's okay, baby... I'm not mad about that," I whispered through the temporary bond we had formed. His love and mental caresses reached me seconds later. ---- That was all I needed to not regret accepting him.
erred Between Dracomir rejecting dance invitations and nearly snapping at every man who walked near me, we arrived at the next event of the night. Apparently, there was going to be a play or something. People started picking up masks and programs, heading toward a large door Inside was a massive theater, bigger than anything even our palace had.
This fortress was way more luxurious than I'd imagined, "My Lord, as always, I hope to share the box with you," the clingy Celia finally slithered over. She'd been stalking him all night. I knew she tried to sic some of her little friends on me, but their childish insults didn't even tickle. "Celia, not this year." "Victoria! So glad I found you.
Come, I reserved a prime box just for you, I don't think you've ever seen a show like this." ---- Saint Agatha appeared right on cue to lead me away and open a spot for her daughter. "Wait, Agatha..." Draco grabbed my arm. "Victoria will be with me tonight." "But I always." Celia's face was on the verge of tears "It's not necessary, my Lord. I'l go to the box that Mrs. Agatha so kindly reserved for me.
You should accompany Miss Celia." "Victoria, you're coming with me..." Dracomir ordered through clenched teeth "Let's go, Mrs. Agatha, or they'll give our spot away." I was the one who dragged the viper off, walking away from Draco. His annoyed growls echoed in my head, but I still slipped through the crowd, leaving him with his beloved Celia. I wasn't giving him away... I just knew he'd come after me. Wouldn't it be better to give that sadist hope just to crush it later?
I knew she and her mother were plotting something, I just had to wait for the right moment. "Thanks for the... box," I told the silver-haired woman.
 Search Novels Here → 
###Chapter 1399
---- But just before disappearing behind the heavy velvet curtain, she reached for my arm I saw it coming and stepped just out of her grasp. "That wasn't very polite..." "We don't have to pretend here, do we?" she muttered under her breath, letting her true colors show. The wolf in her eyes scratched at the surface. "You think you're powerful because of the attention he gives you, because you tricked him into thinking you're his mate..." "lam his mate," I told her flatly.
We stood there in the dark hallway that led to the upper boxes. "Doesn't matter who you are. Anyone who becomes a problem is removed. No exceptions," she nearly spelled out the word removed. "So enjoy warming his bed like a whore, because soon there won't be a single piece of you left intact. You'll end up like the rest of the vampires in this fortress... dead." She stared at me like she was already looking at a corpse.
I held her gaze without flinching, until she turned around and ---- walked away, "And I'll do the same to your little girl... there won't be a single part of her left untouched." I saw her spin around like a beast. I was sure she had some venomous insult on the tip of her tongue. But she swallowed it. I opened the velvet curtains and closed them behind me, staying alone in the small box. Her low growl echoed behind the curtain and for her own good, she better not come in to provoke me.
In the end, she walked away. She knew Draco was watching me and attacking me openly wouldn't end well for them. If my plan worked, they'd make a move soon and show me what kind of power they were hiding, the witch hideout, something. I calmly sank into the plush chair and looked at the stage. Down below were seats for the lower-ranked nobles. The dim lights barely let me see clearly. But a pair of intense eyes were devouring me from the box right ---- across mine.
High up, on the other side of the hall I rolled my eyes seductively and leaned back, giving him a flirty look. The little woman next to him was yapping nonstop, but those hazel eyes, full of lust and darkness, were locked on me. Burning with rage and craving punishment. He was pissed I'd left him behind. But I'd make it up to him soon Still, I didn't look at him again during the show, though I could feel his silent pull the entire time. 'Hho The dumb play started and of course it was about...
The glorious wolves versus the despicable vampires. I was so sick of the same storyline. But during the intermission, while everyone waited for the next act, that's when things got interesting. Dracomir had left his seat and walked away from that she-wolf.
 Search Novels Here → 
###Chapter 1400
---- Her eyes burned into mine from across the room. Goddess, so much hate and malice. "Easy, girl... I'm about to give you a real reason to burn me at the stake." I muttered as I felt him approach, part the curtains, and step into my space. His strong hands glided down my bare shoulders, caressing me, and his heavy breath hit the side of my neck from behind. His hungry mouth started kissing my skin. "Damn it, I'm so mad at you, my woman.
I'm going to make you pay for every bit of this, Victoria..." "Why don't you make me pay now?" I tilted my head and whispered in his ear. "What?" he raised his head to meet my eyes. "Break's only fifteen minutes... how about I make it up to you?" My words came out like raw temptation. I knew the exact second he gave in to his instincts. I stood up, giving him the seat, and he took it. ---- His hands pulled me onto his lap, wrapping around my waist.
Facing away from him, I hid his mouth as he kissed up my neck, his hands sneaking beneath the layers of my dress, stroking my thighs. My tongue wet my lips as I stifled a moan when Draco's hand slid between my thighs. My eyes locked on the she-wolf in the opposite box. The silent watcher, the peeping little princess in the shadows. I wondered how long sweet little Celia could handle watching the man she loved pleasuring his true mate.
"I think you'll finish faster if I help you out..." "Wait, what? Victoria, get up..." Draco grunted stiffly as I slipped between his legs and dropped to my knees in front of the bulge in his pants. linhaled his masculine scent and licked over the fabric erotically. He covered his mouth with a hand, trying to hide his groans and lust-drenched face. His eyes locked on mine. The balcony blocked me from view, showing only him from the ---- waist up. But I knew she was watching.
And that just made me want to make him moan louder. "Victoria... not here... wait... sshh..." Draco moaned, tangling his fingers in my hair, but my teeth were already undoing his buttons, my hungry mouth ready to suck him. My hand reached in to free that hot, veiny shaft from his fly. Mmmn.., sex and revenge... 'm really fucking turned on. Wonder if tonight's the night I make sweet little Celia cry.
 Search Novels Here → 
###Chapter 1401
---- 238. ACCOMPLICE TO YOUR GAMES DRACOMIR I knew exactly what she was up to. How could I not, if she wasn't even trying to hide it? "Mmonn... ssh..." With my hands over my mouth and my jaw clenched, I tried to muffle the moans of pleasure escaping my throat. My half-lidded eyes, lost in pleasure, rolled back toward the stage. That brown-haired vixen was moving up and down between my legs, and my cock was being devoured by the woman who stole my sanity. "Vicky... shhh... baby, slow... fuck...
aah..." I groaned inside her mind. The wet, sinful, muffled sounds coming from her mouth echoed through the darkness. My sharp pupils locked on her flushed, beautiful face. My cock, glistening with saliva and precum, slid in and out of her ---- red lips faster and faster. I gripped the armrest so hard my claws came out, leaving deep marks in the wood. "Mnnn.... fuck, Victoria... aah, that feels so damn good, baby..." I muttered under my breath, eyes shut tight. I was completely losing my mind.
My thighs were tense, every muscle in my body rigid, soaked in sweat. My hips struggled not to thrust up every time the tip of my cock touched the back of her throat. Her hand gripped the base, giving me the most delicious massage. The chair creaked beneath my restrained thrusts. I was right on the edge, about to shoot my load straight into those wicked lips. Her hot breath hit my tight abs as she devoured me with pure hunger. What man could resist that? I'm sure not a single one... and definitely not me.
###Chapter 1402
---- My back was drenched in sweat, pressed against the seat. I tilted my head back and closed my eyes, clenching my jaw so tight my teeth started to ache. All of my woman's moans, mixed with the filthy sounds of her sucking me off, had me wrapped in raw lust. And like a fool, I tried to convince myself no one could see the filthy expression on my face. That nobody would guess I was getting one hell of a blowjob while they all talked nonsense about the play. Just a lie I told my brain.
Someone was watching And that someone knew damn well Victoria was pleasuring me. I didn't even look in their direction. My female was sending a message, and no matter how much of a bastard it made me, I wouldn't stop her. Celia had chased away every lover I ever had-I knew it, even if I never let her in. To me, she was just like a little sister. ---- Before, I didn't care. They were just women who shared my bed for one night. But Victoria... she's different. She's my mate. "Aahh, I'm coming...
Grrr Vicky, I'm gonna cum... Mnnn faster, suck me harder... sshh... fuck yes, yes..." ost control and started growling inside her filthy mind Her mouth sucked me so hard I thought she was going to swallow my whole dick. And my cock was beyond thrilled to be devoured by that horny vampire. My hand moved to the back of her head to push it down, to bury myself in her throat, but right at the best moment, my woman decided to keep playing with my balls-and not in the good way "What the...?
No, no, don't stop now..." I groaned, precum already leaking out. Her pink tongue slid out to lick those delicious lips, saliva dripping down her chin. ---- Malice lit up her eyes. "No, Vicky, no. Damn it, don't leave me like this," I started shaking my head, close to panic With the ache in my balls, I might've fucking taken her right there if she dared tell me to wait. "I don't want you to cum in my mouth...
or are you planning to have all the fun for yourself?" She teased, pulling her hand out from under her skirt, I didn't need to be an expert to know she'd been touching herself the whole time she was sucking me off. She held her fingers up in front of me, shiny and sticky, and I leaned in to inhale her scent deeply. Mmnn... her arousal was the best damn aphrodisiac I could ask for. My wolf stirred inside. Every time I was with her, I could feel it more and more.
I stuck out my tongue and licked her fingers, savoring her. My fangs elongated, my chest rumbled hard. My eyes opened halfway to meet hers up close.
 Search Novels Here → 
###Chapter 1403
---- God, she's so fucking beautiful. This woman's got me completely under her spell. "Come here... we still have time before the show starts," I growled. I tucked my cock back in my pants, painfully hard, but she was going to pay for that little game of hers very soon. I picked her up and dragged us deeper into the box, behind the heavy curtains and into the shadows. I pinned her to the wall and hiked up her dress to lift her onto me and fuck her like a beast.
"Wait, don't you wanna see what I'm wearing for you?" She purred, lifting the frilly layers and revealing her pale legs, those sculpted thighs, and a delicate set of ribbons and panties. Through the tiny black lace, I could see her wet pussy glistening. "Where the hell..2" I licked my lips like a damn pervert. "Where the fuck did you get that lingerie?" My voice came out like a caged animal. "Mmmnn...
who knows?" she teased, sliding her fingers under the thin fabric and starting to play with herself. ---- The wet, filthy sounds filled my ears. I could only imagine the naughty things she'd been up to in just the single day she's been here. "The only thing you need to know is that you're not allowed to rip it... and I want all your cum dripping down right here." She pushed the lace aside, revealing that tight, pink slit that I was dying to fuck. I didn't care about her games.
I'd protect her from anyone, and I'd play with her as much as she wanted. lunged at her like a fucking wolf in heat, lifting her up against the stone wall, hidden behind the curtains. My hands grabbed her ass and lowered her onto my cock. I freed my painfully hard length from my pants and sank it into ecstasy, into honey, tight temptations that made me see the stars.
With Victoria clinging to my neck, I started thrusting into her from below, taking her in the dark, silencing her moans with my kisses. For Celia's sake, I hope she doesn't come looking for me. ---- She better understand, once and for all... she will never, ever compare to the woman I love
 Search Novels Here → 
###Chapter 1404
---- 239. TANTRUMS THAT KILL VICTORIA I buried my face against his neck, inhaling his wild scent, licking the sweat drops, feeling the pulse of the veins beneath my tongue. My legs were locked around his waist, my ass bouncing up and down while I enjoyed this wild quickie. His claws dug into my hips, and that thick spear was thrusting deep between my folds. My whole world shook with the low, feral growls rumbling right into my ear.
The curtains swayed more and more violently, Draco's thrusts pounding into me frantically. I could barely hold back the screams of ecstasy. The thrill of the forbidden, the adrenaline of doing it in secret, of fucking in public... it always feels better, makes you cum faster. In the middle of our frenzy, my desire-fogged eyes caught a glimpse beyond the heavy drapes. A shadow stood there, watching us, listening to our moans of ---- pleasure. Well, since she came to torture herself...
might as well give her a full show. I reached out and pulled the curtain wider open. clung to my man's neck and licked his ear as I looked into those wide, tear-filled eyes. Aww... so I really did make the little virgin cry. I saw in her eyes the reflection of the burning-hot male fucking me against the wall. My bare legs around his waist, his strong hips slamming into me The muscles of his wide back tight with tension, his light hair stuck to his nape, dripping with sweat.
His pants stuck around his ankles, half-naked and burying his cock in my pussy. I moaned louder, sluttier, and I wasn't faking any of it. Draco was devouring me alive. He bit my collarbone and drove in deep My body slammed rhythmically against the wall behind me. ---- The twisted pleasure of being watched made me cum like never before "Mnnn, my man... Draco... ahhmnn..." I buried my face in the crook of his neck, clenching his robe in my fists. My thighs trembled with the spasms of my pussy.
I forgot about Celia and everything else, my mind blank from the waves of that delicious release. A beastly growl echoed against my chest, and his monstrous cock throbbed inside me. His hot cum filled me, dripping out and splashing onto the floor. We hissed like perverts while the orchestra started playing in the background, signaling the next act.
The smell of sex and lust filled our private box, where the only sounds were our panting breaths Celia had left at some point-probably while her "obsession" was moaning and cumming inside me. Pathetic little girl. This man is mine. "Are you happy now?" Draco's rough voice whispered in my ear.
 Search Novels Here → 
###Chapter 1405
---- He licked and sucked my earlobe, making me sigh as he caressed my thighs, trying to catch his breath, "Are you happy too?" I wrapped my arms around his neck and met his satisfied wolf eyes. "Or are you going to deny you got even harder knowing she was watching us?" I whispered against his soft, masculine lips. "I guess your filthiness is rubbing off on me," he replied with a cruel smirk. Damn it... I love this man. It's obvious the Goddess made him just to fuck up my life... in every way.
"This is gonna have consequences. Your little sister's probably running off to tattle to Mommy..." "I already talked to my father. I know you're not a fan of them, but Vicky, they're good people. They just... didn't exactly have the best experience with vampires." He kissed the tip of my nose, trying to convince me how wonderful those two creepy old folks were. Without proof, Draco would never believe their betrayal. ---- "Celia's just a spoiled brat.
Honestly, I pity her if she tries messing with you," he laughed, kissing me all over. "You're starting to get the idea," I chuckled, tickled by his beard scruff. "I won't show mercy to anyone who lusts after my lord." "Your what?" he lifted his head with a pleased gleam in his eye. "I said I won't show mercy." I played dumb, trying to wiggle out of his hold.
"To anyone who lusts after your what...?" he pushed me back against the wall again, and I moaned against his neck as I felt his cock getting hard. "I've already told you..." "Say it again. What am I to you, Victoria?" he growled in my ear, hands shamelessly grabbing my ass. His hips started rocking again, slow and deep. "I... Mmnn... I can't..." "Say it again... sshh, tell me what I am to youl" He pushed harder with each thrust. What started as a little game was now spiraling out of my control.
---- Draco no longer cared if people looked at his seat and noticed he wasn't there. The play continued downstairs, and we were still fucking like wild animals in hiding. "Aahh, my man... yes, yes, my lord... mmmnnn so good, my lord..." Every time I moaned "my lord," he turned into a savage beast. Lord of the Wolf Realm... you really don't know what you're doing. You keep handing me more weapons, then don't complain when I drag you like a dog barking after my ass. Mnnn...
who said going to the theater was boring? 'Hho The next day, though, I was walking the halls whistling with joy. Draco had gotten up before dawn to deal with a border patrol issue. We talked about it last night, after a few good rides on his cock, and he agreed to improve things for the vampires. He hasn't said it outright, but I'm not stupid. I hear the whispers, I see the way this fortress is decorated.
 Search Novels Here → 
###Chapter 1406
---- It was built for vampires. Looks like the original owners of this realm weren't werewolves. I was already thinking about how to celebrate the evil little plan I was about to pull off. Of course, I still had more surprises for my dear Celia I slipped into one of the prop rooms, crept to the window, and opened it. The mountain breeze flowed in, and I looked down. Only a few servants were sweeping the leaves in the courtyard. I slipped away, floating on the wind currents toward her balcony.
I knew she wasn't there, I'd seen her leave with a black cloth wrapped around her head. Probably to hide her swollen, tear-stained eyes. She left with her mommy in a carriage. Maybe they went to do some voodoo on me... or plot something else. "Celita, Celita... here's something to keep you company on those cold, lonely nights," I whispered with pure malice. ---- I opened the little box she still had hidden in her wardrobe. Looks like she hadn't noticed I'd taken her underwear.
I placed the panty back, stained white with Dracomir's lust. The smell of wild sex clung to the well-used fabric. Isn't this what she wanted? "Oops... though he didn't cum while he was with you," I smirked. " Ah well.. little details." I even laughed at my own joke as I wrapped the Lord's cum in cellophane and velvet. I was about to leave. I knew this game wouldn't last long and they weren't idiots.
They'd start asking questions, like how I showed up in the wrong dress, and now left used lingerie behind. "Someone careless must've left the door unlocked," I muttered, going to flip the latch. Didn't want them to figure out I was using my vampire powers. "That venomous maid of yours... so forgetful, left it unlocked..." I was saying that with sarcasm when a chill shot up my spine. ---- The image of that poor witch, beaten and mutilated by that psycho, flashed in my mind. I looked around.
I didn't remember seeing the maid leave with Celia. Last night, she must've been a damn beast... as bad or worse than that day at the camp. My eyes widened when I noticed a fold in the rug near the desk in the sitting area Actually... the rug looked brand new. I walked over to the comer and peeled it back from the floor. The smell of disinfectant and blood hit my nose I bent down over the faint stains still embedded in the tiles. "it's hers.
That girl." The same one who brushed her hair that day and tricked my maid with that hideous dress. Alarms went off in my head. I stood up fast. I ran to the door. I never thought she'd kill another woman just for seeing Draco and me together. ---- She wasn't a spoiled brat. She was a cold-blooded killer, used to murdering innocents. But just as I reached for the handle... someone turned it from the other side.
I didn't have time to hide when the door swung open hard I stepped back, staring straight at the man entering from the hallway. "What are you doing in my daughter's room?" Every one of my senses screamed danger as I met the sharp, unmasked eyes... of the Lord's so-called devoted father.
 Search Novels Here → 
###Chapter 1407
---- 240. A TRAGIC STORY VICTORIA I knew it right away, if I didn't tread carefully, I'd be blamed for the maid's death. "Hello, Mr. Fenir, I came to retum a piece of clothing Celia lent me last night," I said, flashing my best fake smile. "But she's not here, and neither is her maid. I found the door wide open... how careless," I said loudly, even pushing the door open wider. "And do you usually go into rooms when the owner isn't around?" he raised an eyebrow with a sneer of contempt.
Deep in his eyes, I could see the disgust he felt for me. But the fact that he didn't show it openly, and how well he faked his attitude, told me I had to be very careful with this man. "Well, the Lord asked me last night to get along with Celia. He sees her as his sister, I'm just following orders," I replied, stepping into the hallway. "If you want to check, look, I'm not hiding anything," I said, spinning around and swaying my dress. ---- Accusing me of that girl's death was absurd.
Not only did they have no proof, but I had been with Draco the whole time. When would I have killed her, and why? "I can see you're a very clever woman," he said suddenly, just as I was about to leave. "Sly like all vampires, seductive like your kind..." "Why don't you just say what you really want to say?" I snapped, not even pretending to be polite anymore. We stared at each other for a moment that felt like forever. Then he started walking beside me.
"If you're going to stay here, there are some things you should know," he said with a pompous tone. "Follow me." I hesitated, but curiosity won. This wasn't the kind of man who killed you face to face-he was the type to stab you in the back when you least expected it. I found myself following him, refusing to show any fear. I thought he was leading me into a trap, but he turned down some old, abandoned corridors.
 Search Novels Here → 
###Chapter 1408
---- The stench of mold rose from the filthy carpet. Parts of the walls were damaged, and wilted paintings hung from the stone walls. "These were the former rulers of this realm," he pointed to a massive portrait. Through claw marks slashing the canvas, I could barely make out the figures. A handsome, older man with cruelty carved into his red eyes. A sophisticated blonde woman holding three little girls standing in front of them.
The paint had cracked, and someone had destroyed it, giving it a haunting look. "Those were the Lord's daughters. As future heirs, they had the right to everything... even to choose their 'blood slaves." He clicked his tongue, and I already knew I wouldn't like where this was going "What's a blood slave?" I asked without thinking. "Hmm, strange that you don't know that, being a vampire," he gave me a deep stare.
"Actually, you seem pretty lost about ---- everything in this realm." had to be careful with every word. "'m not good with history, and my memory sucks..." I shrugged like it didn't matter. "It's a male used for feeding. The triplets had this twisted habit of sharing one blood slave between the three of them. You know who their favorite was?" I swallowed hard and said nothing, but a cold, wicked smile spread across his lips. Deep down, I already knew the answer.
My eyes went back to those three girls, maybe thirteen or fourteen years old, and now their smiling faces looked like monsters to me. "We were born as slaves, treated like animals from our mother's womb," he went on, not really answering my question. "We built every one of these stones under the lash," he said, touching the cold wall. "Dracomir was born with a shackle around his neck. His father was the strongest wolf I ever met, and his mother...
she was beautiful, even though she lived in a pit of filth." ---- He spoke like he was lost in his memories. "Destined mates, it seemed like the perfect bond. Their love survived everything... until General Hagen came from the border. He was the Lord vampire's brother." His steps stopped in front of a shattered painting on the floor. "Hagen was the sickest of them all. Bloodthirsty. The Lord used him to crush his enemies...
and, just our luck, he became obsessed with Dracomir's mother." I swallowed the lump in my throat-it was obvious this didn't end well. "Dracomir's father realized that if he didn't act fast, his woman would end up as just another whore for the vampires. They didn't care if you were mated." He gave me a cold look. "To vampires, the concept of mates... is disposable." And I couldn't argue with that.
 Search Novels Here → 
###Chapter 1409
---- Our kind was more liberal. We didn't die for our fated partner. Not like the wolf shifters, who lived and breathed that bond "I was his best friend, and we finally decided to carry out a plan ---- we'd had for a while... rebellion." "That's how you managed to overpower them?" I frowned. He laughed, bitter and humorless. "Not exactly..." "Dracomir's father organized us in secret. We stole the master's keys and removed the suppressor collars.
We escaped through tunnels we'd been digging for years. We were so close to sunlight... but someone betrayed us. General Hagen was waiting at the exit. It was a massacre. Dracomir's father fought like a beast and nearly killed him, but he was wounded... stabbed in the back by the man who sold us out. Only a few of us survived, including Dracomir's mother. She saw her mate die. Her pain was unbearable, but the worst part was finding out she was pregnant.
With no one to protect her, she was left at the mercy of the general To save the baby in her womb... she surrendered to him..." ---- "You can't even imagine how twisted and vile that vampire was... your kind carries evil in their blood." He spat the words at me with hate and walked deeper into the maze of hallways. I followed in silence, my head spinning in chaos. Eventually, we reached an old door he kicked open and stepped inside.
Dust swirled everywhere, and heavy curtains kept the room in shadows. Suddenly, he flung them open, letting in the light and revealing the large bedroom. Three beds sat like centerpieces, surrounded by rags that used to be fine clothing. "This was the vampire triplets' room," he told me what I had already guessed. There were still perfumes and makeup scattered over dusty vanities. "This is where your Lord Dracomir lost the innocence of his blood... and his virginity." ---- "Why...
why are you telling me all this?" I asked, my heart sinking under the weight of it all "Because now you look at us like we're the monsters... but the real victims here... were always us." And I couldn't deny it. Not when, for the first time, I realized the vampires out there... were just reaping what they'd sown. Hatred, bitterness, and ruin.
 Search Novels Here → 
###Chapter 1410
---- 241. AN INVINCIBLE ARMY FOR MY LORD VICTORIA He kept telling me about the past... ? Dracomir had been lured into this room ever since he was a pup. When he realized they weren't just harmless games in exchange for forbidden candy for slave boys, he went to tell his mother. He believed she could protect him. I still remember the day I found him crying and shaking in the hallway. He'd followed his mother's trail and found her in the general's chambers.
He saw her darkest secret and the twisted things she did to keep him safe. Dracomir learned early on about the sacrifices it took to survive inside this monster of stone and iron. And he kept quiet, hid it, and endured the abuse as a blood slave. Until one day, when he was around twelve... it was his mother who caught him... in this very room.? His words dragged me into gut-wrenching memories. ---- I don't even know how Draco has been able to accept me, knowing I'm a vampire.
Now I understand why he panics every time I try to feed from him. "His... his mother... what happened to her?" My voice trembled. "She lost control that day," he said with a sigh. ?Her agreement with the general was meant to protect Dracomir, and obviously, being raped by the Lord's three eighteen-year-old daughters was not protection. She lost her mind that day and rushed to defend her pup. Who knows what she found in this room.
She rebelled against the nobility and wounded one of them across the face. The girl would've healed, of course. But that was unforgivable. The Lord punished her, and his brother did nothing to stop it. They took all of us to the square. Dracomir was tied to one of the posts and forced to watch everything.? "They... they killed his mother?" ---- "Yes. But not mercifully. The Lord wanted to teach us that if a vampire chose us as their sex toy...
it was supposed to be an honor." I didn't want to hear more. Just thinking about it hurt, but I couldn't escape his words. "She was raped by the entire regiment of warriors, in front of her son, in front of all of us... until she bled out, staring straight into her child's eyes." "No... no..." I covered my mouth as the tears rolled down my cheeks. The image of a young Dracomir witnessing something so cruel... Goddess... it filled me with rage and shame toward my own kind.
"From that day on, Agatha and I took care of him. Dracomir was no longer that spirited little boy. He became withdrawn, bitter, cold... always scheming." "Scheming for rebellion," I finished his sentence, and he nodded. "Plotting how to escape his fate," he added, "until he finally did." He cut the story off suddenly, and I felt that many final details were missing "How did you do it if vampires were so much stronger?"
 Search Novels Here → 
###Chapter 1411
---- "That's not what matters here. The reason I told you all this is so you know the truth... the one my son will never tell you," he said, putting weight on "my son." I understood, He just wanted me gone. "I would never do anything like that to him! I'm not like those noble vampire women!" "But you'll hurt him just the same... or worse..." "What are you talking about?!" I snapped, going from sadness to fury. "Speak clearly already!
Why are you telling me all this?!" "Dracomir refused the alliance with the other werewolf realm. He didn't accept the union with their heiress... because of you." I knew it. I'd heard that conversation. "The Lord has the right to choose who he wants to be wit! "Not with the news that arrived at dawn," he interrupted, and my entire body tensed with uncertainty. I remembered how my mate had left in a rush, clearly worried, even if he tried to hide it from me.
"This realm kept balance with two territories held by wolves and ---- two by vampires. But we got the news... the other werewolf realm has taken the land from one of the vampire realms." I stepped back, realizing how serious this was. "Do you understand now what your little game is about to cause?" He stepped toward me, sounding threatening for the first time. "Everything we've built is at risk. Now we're enemies of the other wolves, and they have more power...
they'll tear us apart." "No, no... if they conquered the vampires, they'll try to dominate you too..." "Not through some stupid marriage alliance!" he growled, losing control, then calming down again. "The Lord has no other heirs, just one daughter. A union with Dracomir would make us invincible, and you... you're ruining everything." Spit flew between his clenched teeth His wolf was barely staying under the surface.
I could see claws growing from his fingers, and my senses were screaming danger. ---- He could attack me at any second "So what do you plan to do? Kill me? Just like your little princess slaughters maids she doesn't like?!" I growled back at him, hissing a warning. I wasn't ready to expose myself yet, but if I had to kill this old bastard, I wouldn't hesitate. It was either him or me. But my words cooled him down a little. He stared at me, then took a step back.
I saw it clearly-the exact moment he put his mask of hypocrisy back on. "I'm not as careless as Celia. The Lord is blinded by the bond he has with you. Now he'd protect you even if it meant stepping over those who've always had his back." He brushed an invisible speck of dust off his sleeve. Impassive. Calculating. "I waited years to rid this fortress of vampires. I plotted in secret. I endured. Do you really think I can't get rid of one single whore in a smarter way?"
 Search Novels Here → 
###Chapter 1412
---- His mouth twisted, and a cruel retort burned on the tip of my tongue. But he had already poured his poison, planted his doubts in my heart. He turned and walked to the door, leaving me behind. My mind was a storm, overwhelmed by so much information, so much pain trapped within these four walls. "I think this would've been the perfect room for you." "You fucking bastard...!" I turned, seething with hatred, but he was already gone down the hallway.
My crimson pupils stared at the doorway, trying to slow my erratic, furious breath. Comparing me to those rapists was the worst insult I'd ever received. I didn't even understand why this room still existed, Every memory in here had to feel like a dagger in Dracomir's heart I hope he killed them slowly and in cold blood. I understood the whole situation of this realm more clearly now, and the decay of the vampire race.
---- Even though I stood with Draco, I also felt that he was making some wrong calls "Children aren't to blame... and maybe the common vampires weren't evil," I murmured, pinching the bridge of my nose. I thought of Marius and his people. They weren't bad... at least not from what I'd seen. Then a new idea surfaced in my mind. No werewolf would support Dracomir in a war against the other realm of his kind. They'd demand he get rid of me to secure the marriage alliance.
"You need another army, my Lord," I said, raising my eyes with fire and resolve. "Ill build an invincible army for you." I walked out of that chamber of horrors filled with determination. If that old bastard thought he could scare me off with his tragic tale, he was dead wrong. He was weaving his plan in the shadows, and I had to figure out his strengths, his players... his pieces. ---- Get ahead of his schemes.
I headed into the gardens near the forest, looking for a hidden place, away from curious eyes. I needed to summon my undead general. I just hoped Rousse had found something useful on the other side... Because war was knocking at our door.
 Search Novels Here → 
###Chapter 1413
---- 242. A MAGIC FROM ANOTHER WORLD NARRATOR A few days earlier... Outside the protective walls of the fief, Rousse had arrived at the refuge of Marius and his people. He didn't trust vampires, but he acknowledged they were alone in this world. Enemies were everywhere, and allies were scarce. Now... it remained to be seen if the vampire walking ahead of him was truly a loyal friend. "Are you sure it was at the exit of the outer wall?" Marius asked Meridiana again.
Apparently, she had been the only witch they found, and honestly, she didn't look like much Of course, Marius had no idea about the powers of the little witch. He was also pretty disappointed not to see Victoria, but according to his servant, she had infiltrated the wolves' fortress. They kept walking ahead, with Rousse and Meridiana holding a ---- torch that lit up the gloomy underground tunnel. His boots splashed through the muddy waters of the sewer. The stench rose and clung to their noses.
Only one pair of tiny feet remained completely clean, perched on the general's broad back. "Umm... honestly, I was really nervous. I just clearly remember dropping it from the carriage I was in,' Meridiana answered his question. She was racking her brain, trying to recall the flashes of visions she had pulled from the young witch's mind. The girl was still in critical condition, barely clinging to life. But they needed to find what she had tried so hard to hide from Celia.
"Based on the description of the place and assuming the water current didn't carry it away, it should be here," Marius announced, raising his hand to light up the gallery the tunnel opened into The vampires had already explored nearly all the passageways, like rats ready to escape the wolves. ---- "The sewers in that area are a few meters above this pit." He pointed to the ceiling where some holes could be seen, and above them, beams of light filtered in from the street grates.
"Then let's look," Rousse said quietly and started probing the stagnant water. "Little one, you shouldn't have come, this place reeks... no, no, Meridiana, don't even think about getting down." The general was distressed that his delicate lover might get dirty with all that filth. Meridiana sighed, hugging his neck tighter and pretending to be resigned, though a lovestruck smile tugged at her lips. She loved how her man pampered her!
Marius drifted off in another direction, dragging his boots through the bottom, convinced he was wasting time on nonsense. Besides, he kept glancing now and then at those two weirdos. A twisted smirk crept over his lips when he saw that chick kiss that monster on the ear. Gross.
 Search Novels Here → 
###Chapter 1414
---- She was clearly blind, but didn't she have any feeling in her fingers to notice those horrible scars? With that bandage on her face, she wasn't exactly glamorous, but ignoring her "deficiency," she actually looked like a very sweet and pretty woman. And she was cleaner than the rest of them. What were those two even playing at? He decided to ignore them and pretend to search.
Marius had thought they were leading him to some valuable treasure, but here he was wading through piss and sh*t water. He, who was once a noble of high birth. He even aspired to the fortress throne. Marius clenched his jaw, remembering how his engagement to one of the vampire heiresses had been ruined by the rebellion of those damn wolves. That bastard Dracomir in particular, he hated with all his being.
In the middle of his brooding, a bluish shimmer flickered through the murky water's surface. He bent down, drawn by an aura of power that stirred something ---- in his memory. But as soon as his fingers dipped into the depths to grab the lost , a wave of cold shot through his bones. "Sshh, what the hell is this?" he muttered, stepping back cautiously. "Did you find something?" Rousse asked, approaching. He was tempted to lie.
Marius instantly understood that whatever it was, it was exactly what they were looking for-and it was extremely powerful "Yes, yes, Rousse, I feel a dark energy swirling under your feet," Meridiana finally picked up on the black magic. That was her specialty. "I saw something glowing, but it was way too cold. I couldn't grab it," he admitted reluctantly. Marius stepped back as that corpse reached in and pulled the out like it was nothing.
Of course, what kind of sensitivity could he possibly have? But Rousse did feel the pain, and that supernatural chill. His magical sessions with Meridiana hadn't stopped. ---- Every day, his body was waking up more and more from the grip of death Even so, his skin was tougher than Marius'. "It's an icy crystal and inside...
weird things are moving, like black shadows..." "It's corrupted dark magic, but there's a stronger power contained inside," Meridiana said, using her magical perception, She slowly reached out, placing her hand near the freezing surface. The heavy, oppressive aura, so alive and violent, made her breathe deeply and solemnly. Where the hell had this come from? She could sense it didn't belong to this world.
 Search Novels Here → 
###Chapter 1415
---- 243, CUNNING PLANS NARRATOR Now everything made sense in the fragmented memories Meridiana had stolen from the young mage. One specific spell kept repeating in that witch's mind like a loop. She didn't want to forget it, so she recited it over and over again. Meridiana learned it from her: the way to slowly extract the dangerous energy from this crystal. It was just a fragment, stolen by the imprisoned witches.
They managed to pass it on-at great cost-to the girl who served as Celia's slave. She was their hope, because she had the chance to escape the fortress and steal the crystal's magic to grow stronger. Find more witch clans, plan their rescue... Obviously, she hadn't been able to do any of that. She even had to get rid of the crystal during a checkpoint search or they would've caught her.
"This is clearly something important..." Rousse reached the ---- same conclusion, pulling out a handkerchief to wrap it up. He felt uneasy, didn't want to touch it anymore. "We can't let it fall into the hands of any wolf." Suddenly, Marius took a step forward with a look like he'd just remembered something really unpleasant, because he had. "Why? Rousse raised an eyebrow. Clearly, no one had told that vampire any details, especially not the true origin of that power stolen from the fortress.
"I... heard it from someone... this was the dark magic the wolves used to subdue and enslave us." Rousse stared at him intently. He was growing more and more convinced this guy's story had holes everywhere. "Well, now it's in good hands. Let's go," he said, starting to walk away. He was anxious to speak to Victoria. They had to figure out how to infiltrate the fortress. "Rousse, I'll carry it, give it to me. I know it hurts," Meridiana whispered in his ear.
---- Her magic was already so dark, a little more wouldn't taint her pure soul She and Rousse were quietly discussing how to use this to their advantage. But behind them, Marius was doing the same. Of course he'd lied; he'd never tell them he was one of the noble vampire slave drivers.
Nor where he recognized the taste of that incredible magic from His eyes gleamed like that night when the werewolves had taken them by surprise in their beds They'd been tossed into the sewers by the Lord to die for rebelling. Dracomir and his beasts seemed defeated, as always. The vampires believed they'd won. Another rebellion crushed. But no one could explain how they survived. Least of all that colossal beast that tore through the soldiers, killing and slaughtering everything in its path.
 Search Novels Here → 
###Chapter 1416
---- It stormed the hallways and went straight for the head of the ---- ruling family That transformation-one no one had ever seen before-was Dracomir's. Marius still remembered the terror frozen in his bones when he saw him from afar, roaring toward the sky atop the collapsed tower. The vampire Lord's head, along with General Hagen's, were gripped in his bloodied claws. That crushing power had exploded like a wave with his earth- shaking howl, pure hatred and rage.
The glow in his fur under the moon... it was the same light buried in the depths of that crystal. That oppressive feeling that a vengeful beast was coming for your head. If that magic had turned a dying slave into a powerful wolf, could it also raise him to the peak of evolution? Suddenly, Marius's eyes gleamed greedily as he stared at Rousse's back. He regretted not being more cunning. Now it was too late-he was no match for that undead. ---- But he would wait.
He had always survived by being clever, and this time wouldn't be any different. 'Hho Days later, Rousse finally received Victoria's blood call. She summoned him to a spot inside the walls, and with the magical coordinates, he'd find her. He took his little witch by the hand, and cloaked in heavy hoods, they left Marius's hideout. They left the unconscious witch under someone's care for a few hours-there wasn't much more they could do for her.
In a well-hidden corner, red eyes were watching them, but Marius couldn't follow without being noticed. That Rousse guy already suspected him-he could feel it. So he sent Edgar, his former servant and current ally, to tail them. He knew they were already making their move. This time, he wouldn't be left out of Victoria's plan. They had faked a lot to lure that woman in-because from the start, they knew she was different and powerful.
---- Victoria Vlad was his ticket to the top, and he had to cling to her no matter what... even if it meant letting go of his stupid, useless mate Sophie. Only thing was... Marius didn't know the vampire's heart already belonged to someone else. sek The shadows of a nearly two-meter-tall man, with a petite woman beside him barely reaching his chest, slipped into some distant passages. Out of sight, Rousse summoned his power and descended into his own underground world.
Holding Meridiana tightly against his chest, they sank into the earth, swallowed up like by a bottomless hole. By the time Marius's spy arrived, there was no trace of them left.
 Search Novels Here → 
###Chapter 1417
---- On the other side of the forest, Victoria waited. She had just finished speaking with Dracomir's "model father," and his horror story still echoed in her mind. By the time she felt the tremor in the ground, Rousse had already ---- arrived "lm glad you're safe," she said quickly, going to hug Meridiana, who seemed a little stunned Even so, the witch wrapped her arms around Victoria's shoulders and gave her a few pats. Victoria was clearly distressed and upset. "What happened?
Has someone threatened you?" Rousse also sensed her turbulent emotions. "No, it's nothing... it's just that things are more complicated than we thought..." With a sigh, she stepped away from the witch and gave them a brief rundown of what she knew. "Just what we needed... caught in the middle of a war in this world," Rousse muttered with a frown. By now, he had been honest with his woman. Meridiana was ready to follow him back to his realm once they found the way home.
After all, nothing here really held her back. "This isn't just any war. My mate's involved, and I won't leave ---- him alone," Victoria said firmly. "And where exactly are we supposed to get an army like the one you're talking about?" Rousse got straight to the point. "And even if we find one, how do you expect to create so many undead in such little time? You know perfectly well the amount of magic that takes.
Your father, who's way stronger than you, didn't build his army in two days..." "Ouch, no mercy. Thanks for the support, General," Victoria said, placing a hand on her chest and pretending to be offended "Rousse, don't be rude..." Meridiana smacked his shoulder, and he was more concerned about her hand than his own hide. "Still, he's right, and that's what has me a little pissed. Honestly, I regret not practicing more with my dad," Victoria pouted.
"But what if you had an extra source of magic?" Meridiana said suddenly, catching their attention. She pulled the handkerchief from her sash and revealed the * treasure" they had found. Victoria leaned in curiously and immediately recognized the latent power in just that tiny piece. Though she never connected the to the cryptic message Katherine had left in her dream. ---- "I can extract small amounts and refine the dark magic. It's hard, since this power isn't ours, but the witches found a spell..." Rousse and Victoria exchanged a hopeful look "I know where we can get our soldiers," Victoria added, fire in her eyes.
 Search Novels Here → 
###Chapter 1418
---- 244, INFILTRATING THE ENEMY NARRATOR "There was a war in this fortress, and a lot of bodies were buried ... we've got plenty of material." "But still, you can't do it alone. You'll have to tell the Lord..." "No!" Meridiana suddenly interrupted. "You can't tell the Lord anything, he won't believe you!" "Why not? I'm his mate. Even though he's grateful to those elders, Dracomir listens to me, he might..." "You can't," Meridiana reached for her anxiously.
"I don't know why, but I saw it in that girl's memories... if you speak to the Lord against that family, he won't believe you... he... there's something... I don't know..." Victoria fell silent, her chest tight. Of course she believed Meridiana. She had felt it herself. She understood Dracomir's gratefulness, but a man as sharp as he was... it was like he was blind when it came to those people. Celia slaughtered her maids left and right, and he brushed it off as childish antics.
---- Dracomir wasn't like that. He was just, even with his grudge against vampires. But with that man and his family, the rules didn't apply. They had done something to her mate to control him. "Fine. We're on our own," she sighed with determination. "Still, even with extra magic, you can't raise that many corpses on your own. And the Lord will notice your constant absences..." Rousse pointed out the flaws. "Then we need help, Rousse.
We have to bring Marius and his people into this," Victoria said firmly, standing in the middle of the clearing. "You can't bring back your kind, and Meridiana will be drained from extracting that powerful magic. We need more allies." "Don't trust them, Victoria! Those vampires are hiding something! "Rousse didn't trust that hypocrite one bit. But, contrary to what he thought, Celine and Zarek's daughter just smiled-that same wicked smile her father wore when he had a bad idea.
"I know," Victoria clicked her tongue. ---- "know the vampires aren't the victims Marius tried to make me believe. Still, we'll use him the same way they planned to use us." Rousse started to understand Victoria's plan. "Remember, Rousse, the puppeteer never tells all his secrets to his students. Let them do some of the dirty work for us," she even winked at him, full of mischief. Rousse had no doubt about where Victoria came from. Paternity test? Please... she was Zarek ina wig.
1 They schemed a little more to stir up chaos in the realm, and were about to leave when the general noticed his little witch had gone too quiet. Her eyes were fixed on a far-off section of the fortress. "What is it?" he gave her hand a gentle squeeze. "Someone's in pain... walking the line between life and death..." Meridiana was far too sensitive to that. She couldn't ignore the sound of a soul's final breath. "A woman?" the vampire suddenly had a hunch. "Yes, she's there... in that direction," Meridiana pointed toward the servant quarters.
 Search Novels Here → 
###Chapter 1419
---- "We're going in. If it's who I think, we need to take this opportunity." Her vampire eyes sparkled with hidden plots. Fate was turning in her favor, and she had to bind that cunning old man's hands and feet. coon That afternoon, when Agatha and Celia arrived at the fortress, a maid handed them a secret message. The Lord's vampire slave had been seen wandering around the isolated servant quarters. Their minds lit up with alarm instantly.
"You think she found that dying girl?" Celia asked her mother in panic. "Itold you we should've gotten rid of her, but no, you and your stupid compassion." Agatha grabbed her by the hand and rushed toward the servant wing. "I thought she'd die alone in that little room and we'd just say it was illness. How was I supposed to know that damn woman ---- would find her? Mother, she can't tell Dracomir!" She panicked, clutching her skirt as they hurried down the narrow stairs.
The hurried clacking of their boots echoed in the hallway. "Dracomir will never turn against us, but you need to be smarter than that witch!" Her mother shoved open the final door, expecting to find the room empty. She figured Victoria had already moved the girl, planning to expose the abuse. But both froze at the entrance, stunned to see the maid standing there, washing her face in a basin. "You...! How..." BAM!
Agatha slammed the door shut before her foolish daughter's shocked screams could alert the other maids. She turned to the terrified eyes of the girl, who backed up trembling against the wall. Far from dying, the little pest was alive and well. ---- "You're going to tell me right now how you came back to life and what deal the Lord's slave offered you." "Ma'am, I... I didn't..." "Speak clearly and fast, or that resurrection won't last long!" Agatha shouted, storming toward her with menace. The maid's eyes darted in panic, but she opened her mouth and started spilling the "truth."
 Search Novels Here → 
###Chapter 1420
---- 245. IN SEARCH OF MAGIC NARRATOR "Did she pay someone to heal you with their blood?" Aghata asked, raising an eyebrow full of suspicion. They had just heard the maid's story. "Yes, ma'am, but I don't know who it was. I think it was one of the guards... I was unconscious," she answered with her head down, looking submissive. "What did he ask you about me? If you said anything..!" "I didn't say anything, Miss Celia!
I didn't even accept her offer!" she dropped to her knees on the floor, shaking, just like always. "Calm down, girl, calm down," Aghata grabbed her hand before she could hit the maid "Come here," she pulled her into a corner. "Didn't you tell me she was dying? It's impossible to recover that fast, even if it was the blood of a strong warrior." "Well... now I don't know, she looked really bad to me," Celia avoided her gaze.
Whether her maids lived or died wasn't something she ---- particularly cared about Aghata sighed and thought about the girl's words. "I think we have a great opportunity here. That vampire tried to play you, tried to plant a spy, but we'll use her own strategy against her." She told Celia, who quickly caught on to her mother's wicked plan. "Get up!" she snapped at the servant arrogantly.
"You're going to accept becoming the Lord's lover's maid, pretend to obey her, and spy on Celia." The more Aghata spoke, the more convinced she was they had found a golden opportunity. "You'll tell her exactly what suits us, word for word. And you better not betray us, because I'm not as merciful as my daughter. Got it?" "Yes, ma'am," the maid lowered her head. But deep in her eyes, a white mist flickered, vanishing quickly into the black of her pupils.
sob VICTORIA ---- That night, I walked out of the bathroom wrapped in my silk robe. Draco had ordered boxes and boxes of clothes for me. Too bad with everything going on, I missed my sweet Celita's reaction when she saw the lingerie soaked in her Lord's cum. I smoothed my hair in front of the mirror, sprayed a bit of perfume, and dabbed balm on my lips. Barefoot, I walked silently over the carpet into the sitting area.
My man had basically moved into my room, leaving his own abandoned next door. I leaned against the doorway, arms crossed under my breasts, watching him on the sofa. His shirt was open, showing off that sexy chest. Those riding pants clung to his strong thighs and outlined that thick shape between his legs. He was looking for some papers on the coffee table, checking them with a deep frown, His light brown hair was messy from running his fingers through it. I could tell he was full of worries.
 Search Novels Here → 
###Chapter 1421
---- The whole palace felt tense. Starting today, I had a personal guard. Two of his most trusted men. Draco's protecting me... from his own people. I know they're going to pressure him to get rid of me. I could go now and tell him I have a power that could help him. But I admit it, I'm testing him. I want to know who he'll choose when things get ugly. His mate or his title? He finally looks up and sees me watching him. "Love?
How long have you been there?" he drops the papers and motions me over. "Just got out of the bath," I sigh, walking to him with more desire than I let on. Dracomir's past still hurt me. Looking into his eyes now stirred up all my admiration for the man he'd become and the sorrow for the pup he used to be. I straddled his lap and wrapped my arms around his tattooed neck. ---- Now I knew what those scars under the ink really were.
My breasts pressed against his solid chest and I leaned in to slowly lick his lips. Sensual, slow, savoring the way he growled with desire as that cock sprang to life under me. I tangled my fingers in his hair and left a trail of kisses on his mouth and jaw. Draco closed his eyes and sighed, relaxing as he leaned back against the sofa His hands gripped my waist, pulling me close, almost desperately.
"Whatever you hear from the maids or anyone else..." he suddenly said, opening his eyes to meet mine, "Vicky, no matter how bad things get, I won't give you up," he said without hesitation. I got lost in those beautiful eyes. "What if they ask you to give me up? What if there's a rebellion...? "I wasn't born a Lord. Power doesn't blind me. But I've learned only from the top can you protect the ones you love," he replied, ---- and now I understood he was talking about his mother.
"Ill fight with everything I have to keep you safe. And if I'm not enough, we'll run. I'll protect you, we'll always be together, beyond any throne, beyond any hate..." He stroked my cheek so gently. I was dying to tell him everything, but I was scared of how much power that family had over him. How did they control him? How far did their manipulation go? I had to figure that out first. "Let me relax you...
I'll give you a nice, slow massage..." I purred seductively, sliding between his open legs and kneeling on the carpet. But Dracomir caught my mouth and held me possessively. His rough hands slid down my ass, parting the robe and pulling it open. The silk slid off my shoulders and caressed my skin as it left me naked.
 Search Novels Here → 
###Chapter 1422
---- "Shhh... I knew you weren't wearing anything underneath, you cock-teasing little minx," he hissed, licking his lips, grinding his ---- hips into the softness of my pussy. Moans of pleasure slipped from my lips. He leaned in to kiss me again, to devour me, his tongue fucking my mouth while his fingers explored behind my parted cheeks. He started stroking between my folds, circling that tight spot that was already soaking from his teasing.
I gasped in pleasure, moaned as he nibbled and licked me. Our breathing grew heavier. "Aaah," I moaned, arching and raising my ass as two fingers plunged into my trembling slit. "Mnn... no more teasing tonight, little one. I'm burning to have you ride me like a beast, my Victoria," he groaned, rough and deep, against my lips. My pussy throbbed, my clit tormented faster and faster. "Make me forget my fucking name, my female...
wreck me and build me all over again." I stared into the hunger in his eyes and reached down to rip open his fly. This man is mine. All mine. And I'll protect him at any cost. ---- "Aaahhh!" I cried out as I kneeled over his swollen, red, thick, delicious cock. I took him all the way inside and rode him like a woman possessed. I clung to Draco's shoulders while his mouth sucked and devoured my tits with hunger and greed. He knew exactly how to please me.
My ass slapped against his thighs, wilder and more desperate each time. My pussy clenched and drenched that throbbing rod buried inside me. Draco groaned, thrusting upward, panting, dominating me, taking me harder and harder. The firelight flickered across our sweaty bodies, across every whispered promise of love on each othe''s lips. "rll never hurt you, my love. Never. I love you. I love you so much I whispered into his mind, searching for that connection that bound our souls together.
---- I would heal his fears, his trauma, his scars. Dracomir gripped my waist and crushed me against his chest so tight it almost hurt It felt like he wanted to merge us into one. We screamed in ecstasy as we hit the peak, as we felt that overwhelming pleasure in each other's bodies. Tomorrow, the traps, the cunning games, and threats of war would still be there... But tonight, it was just us and our love creed The next day, I was pleased to confirm those bitches had taken the bait.
While they were busy planning how to use the maid to lure me into their trap, I was already two steps ahead. had a flash of clarity and suspicion. Where in the fortress would be the perfect spot to hide a secret entrance to the witches, for example? Obviously, a deserted wing, hated and full of painful memories... the one place Dracomir would never return to. "Model father"... you never should've shown me your cards.
 Search Novels Here → 
###Chapter 1423
---- 246. MY OWN "LYCANS" VICTORIA "It has to be here, it has to be here... damn it!" I growled inwardly, pacing that cursed room once more. Nothing. Not a single sign of a secret compartment. The stale air trapped between these four walls was starting to make me dizzy. "Where else could it be? I'm running out of time..." If I was right, that man could catch me off guard at any moment.
rushed into the hallway, anxious, watching even my own shadow, feeling like something was slipping away from me. Suddenly, the painting on the floor caught my attention, I remembered Mr. Fenir's words...this man was the Lord's depraved brother. "Wait a minute..." Sudden, heavy suspicions flooded my mind.
There had always been a mole among the rebels, someone ---- leaking information, I started running through the dark, deserted corridors, pushing open doors, searching for a sign of the general's quarters. Two swords and a shield were carved into one of the mahogany doors. I pressed my ear to the surface, cautiously expanding my senses. No one inside. I pushed the door open, the wood creaking slowly. The moldy smell made me wrinkle my nose, but my eyes scanned the room in the dark.
A study-like antechamber preceded the bedroom. This was where Dracomir's mother had surrendered every last shred of her dignity. My fists clenched, but now was the time to think with a cold head. Secret tunnels... one of them had to connect to this room That would explain how this man passed information to Hagen, maybe even led him straight to Dracomir's mother. There was no doubt left-Mr. Fenir had always been the traitor in the shadows.
---- And to confirm my suspicions, slow footsteps echoed over the hallway carpet. So soft that if I hadn't released the restraints on my power, would've never heard them in time. I melted into the darkness of the corner, turning into mist, floating in the shadows. The rat had arrived. Everyone thought he was in a war council with Dracomir, but this bastard played by his own rules with zero consequences. He looked around, and I concealed my presence even more, watching him intently.
"Come on, show me your hideout." Mr. Fenir had no idea he was about to reveal everything to me. He was smart for the people of this realm... but he hadn't accounted for outsiders from other lands. He stepped into the bedroom, and I followed, alert for any traps. He opened the closet doors, and I frowned. There was only old, moth-eaten clothing hanging inside, but once again, I'd underestimated the cleverness of men.
 Search Novels Here → 
###Chapter 1424
---- He pushed the clothes aside-surprisingly little dust-and went 'to shut the closet door behind him. I took the risk and slipped through the crack, sharing the narrow space with him. My intangible body did its best not to touch him. To my utter surprise, he leaned toward the back of the wardrobe and activated some kind of mechanism The wooden panels creaked and gave way, and a current of air rushed in.
The false back of the wardrobe revealed a dark tunnel that stretched deep into the castle's bowels. As I followed his steps, I kept wondering how many of these passages ran through the fortress. From now on, I'd have to sleep with one eye open, because who knew what might crawl out from under the bed. The path was silent, lit only by the dim glow of the torch in the man's hand. It was a damned maze down there-corridors twisting, leading to unknown places.
---- I memorized the route back, just in case. If I got lost here, finding my way out would be nearly impossible. We were nearing the end when Mr. Fenir stepped into an enormous gallery. A massive cavern opened before us, and the cold hit suddenly and hard. The walls, the ceiling, all the stone was frozen like an icy cave. Up above, I couldn't stop staring at what lay below. Mr. Fenir stood on a ledge, admiring his masterpiece, a wicked plan born from years and years of preparation.
At the center of the platform, embedded in the ground, stood a crystal covered in frost. Much larger than the fragment that girl had stolen. It gleamed-nearly the size of a grown man Magical runes floated around it like spinning wheels of fate, trying to drain its power. Every now and then, it sparked with dark magic. What I could feel was a corrupt, harmful power being ---- extracted... by witches. That's right-sorceresses with raised hands moved the runes, activating spells.
They looked entranced. They were falling apart, their lives drained with every chant. They were pulling that energy through black chains that disappeared beneath covered crates. What the hell was hidden in there? "Mr. Fenir! I'm glad you came," a voice suddenly called It came from a man climbing up the hill toward him. I recognized him. He was supposedly part of Dracomir's medical unit. Fucking traitor. "You called urgently.
Did you make any progress?" The older man asked, and I noticed the eager tone in his voice. "Yes, yes, come take a look..." A terrible feeling settled in my gut as I followed them into the lower level of the cave. They approached one of those cages, and something moved ---- inside. A low growl and scraping metal echoed out. "We did it, Mr. Fenir. We tamed them with his blood. They'll obey you...
 Search Novels Here → 
###Chapter 1425
---- He spoke with crazed excitement. "Remove the cover and open the gate!" he ordered the other warriors. The infiltration ran deep in the army. "What the hell are you doing? Open the gate?!" Mr. Fenir roared, stepping back. I saw him slip his hand beneath his shirt, over his chest, but my attention was locked on the prisoner behind the bars. "Don't worry, sir, I'm certain it worked," the man reassured him. The cloth was pulled off, and the iron gate creaked open. Holy Goddess...
what the hell was that thing? It rose on two legs like a beast and started stepping out. It looked like a poor imitation of a lyean-an abomination of muscle and sharp teeth. ---- The head resembled a wolf's, but horribly deformed. Through patches in its black fur, I could see rotting flesh, liquified organs, crushed bones. I'd seen enough grotesque experiments to recognize one up close. "Come to me, come closer to your master!" He growled, a twisted thrill overtaking his caution.
That creature took a thunderous step... it was huge. Nearly three meters tall, with claws that could slice off a head in one swipe, and glowing red eyes full of rage. It advanced toward the man, who barely reached its chest. "Kneel before me, now!" He ordered, and to my utter disbelief, that creature-on the brink of rampaging-dropped to its knees. "Magnificent! Magnificent!" he clapped and laughed like a madman. He even reached out and patted its horrific head.
Something about the markings inked around the beast's neck ---- struck me as familiar. "Now, my son..." he leaned toward its mangled wolf ear and whispered something. But I heard it clearly-and one second later, the creature obeyed. It was insane how fast it launched itself at one of the warriors. The man barely had time to scream before his throat was torn open by those claws. He had ordered the thing to kill... one of his own. Just to run a test.
The others lowered their heads, and I could see the fear etched deep within. How could they have created such a dangerous weapon for that psychopath? And the worst part... was still to come...
 Search Novels Here → 
###Chapter 1426
---- 247. THE MISTRESS OF DEATH VICTORIA "Come on, sir, let me show you the other successful subjects." There were more of those creatures? I turned just in time to see it tearing the fallen warrior apart. It was eating him like a damn cannibal! Its bloodthirsty instincts reminded me of vampires. Disgusting as hell! With my power trembling, I slid down the hallway they'd taken. From atop another ledge, they looked down.
My stomach dropped when I saw the crates - dozens, no, at least a hundred of those black magic experiments. If all of those mutated monsters were released and obeyed that damn old man, Dracomir's life was in serious danger. As powerful as he was, there was no way he could fight this mutated army. It had been right under his nose and he'd never even sensed it. ---- The power in that ice crystal was far too dangerous. I managed to slip back out the way I came. There was no time to waste.
I didn't even bother investigating the witches. How did this man manage to keep everyone under his thumb? That was a mystery that could cost us our lives. 'eh NARRATOR "This... is incredible," Marius's eyes were practically bulging out of his skull. He'd successfully revived his first undead. Rousse had brought him at night to the desolate field where the bodies of the fallen had been dumped. "You can only do this thanks to Miss Victoria's grace.
It's a secret of her family-I hope you understand how valuable that is, "the general said gruffly. Marius nodded, swearing up and down, but Rousse didn't believe a word of it. ---- If he could raise them himself, they wouldn't need this vampire. But an undead couldn't "resurrect" his own kind. "Again-let's move before you drain all the magic Meridiana spent on you," he told him, pointing to the next grave.
He watched Marius's back as he walked away, then moved toward the man squirming on the ground. He'd been buried far too long-his body was nothing but bones held together by magic. There were no tools here to give him a proper "suit." That was something Zarek did in his labs. "Don't be afraid. If you serve my Mistress well, you may choose later whether to remain in her service or return to the earth," he whispered in the language of the dead.
He touched the bony forehead, staring into those hollow sockets facing him directly. He wondered if it had always been like this, even before the vampire prince brought him back. A few red runes glowed beneath Rousse's finger before fading- but the spell was done.
 Search Novels Here → 
###Chapter 1427
---- The personal seal of House Vlad, something only he could cast as Zarek's trusted general No matter who brought him back, this "undead" would always belong to the Vlads deep down. And so, the night passed in that godforsaken land Marius was like a child with his new toys, even giving them orders, foolishly thinking they obeyed him No trace of compassion for his fellow men, slaughtered by werewolves during the war.
Rousse just watched from the side, irritated, while further off, his underling Edgar huffed through his role as gravedigger and tomb raider. Digging holes with nothing but a shovel. Rousse missed his woman. He sighed at the moon, worried about Meridiana. He should've resisted the madness of those two. But even though he could've stood his ground with Victoria, in the end, Meridiana disarmed him. He'd make her pay for her defiance later.
---- In the middle of his thoughts, he felt the tug in his soul-Miss Vlad was calling Victoria needed him somewhere to bring her in "I'll be back in a while. Keep going," he said quickly, vanishing into the forest. Marius watched his broad back disappear, full of mockery and hidden plans. "Hey, why the hell do I have to do all the hard work and he just supervises?" Edgar stomped over, pissed off. "You wanna bring it up when he gets back?" Marius replied with a smirk.
"I could fight him now that I've got my powers back..." "Shhh, shut up," Marius stood and looked toward the place where Rousse had disappeared. Besides, the undead were standing there, seemingly lost... but who knew if they were listening? "I told you, no one can know we've broken the restrictions. That's our greatest advantage!" Edgar sighed and nodded. ---- He was Marius's cousin, but he seemed more like his servant.
Even so, he admitted that was the only reason he'd survived the past disaster. "You believe that nonsense that witch screamed when she woke up? Monsters and all that..." Edgar asked. "I don't know. But we need to side with the winning team-and that's still unclear," Marius answered in his mind. He couldn't stop plotting his future.
That little witch girl had been left in the care of the old women from her group, but Marius had quickly seen her as his ticket out of the warding spells on the territory. Neither Victoria, nor Rousse, nor that blind one were around, she'd been left under his watch. First thing he did when the woman regained a little strength was force her to recite the enchantment.
She passed out as soon as she finished-still too weak-but Marius got what he wanted And where there was a first attempt, there was a second. That's how Edgar was freed too.
 Search Novels Here → 
###Chapter 1428
---- They kept the witch sedated with herbs, and every time Rousse checked on her, she was still unconscious. That witch was their ticket to becoming powerful and free again Or so the foolish Marius thought... but that night, Victoria showed him what true power looked like. coon "Step back! Now!" they jolted when her sharp voice rang out from the forest. Marius turned and swallowed hard. She had a more masculine look now, but those leather pants hugged her ass in a way that was just too sexy.
"Vicky, how can I help you?" he walked toward her. He had to admit-this female had him hooked. He wanted to be on her side. "With nothing," she said flatly, her brow furrowed. "Thanks for your hard work, but I'll take it from here. Step aside... unless you want to die." She warned them and stepped forward, followed closely by the towering Rousse. ---- Victoria looked at the resurrected undead. "Too weak," she muttered.
For this war, she needed skilled warriors, powerful vampires, a general drenched in blood and without mercy. "I summon you and rip you from your graves! Scum like you don't deserve to rest in peace!" She shouted from the center of that wasteland full of forgotten tombs, nameless holes, withered crosses. She raised her hands and began to chant words far too dark for this world. The clouds cleared, and the moon began to shine directly over her, its glow laced with shadows and blood-red hues.
Like the blood dripping from the wounds on Victoria's wrists, spilling onto the dark earth. It slithered like a living snake, forming letters and spells The ground began to quake, and Marius ran to the edge of the forest. Edgar, beside him, shifted nervously. Something grotesque whispered in the wind, which now howled ---- violently. The trembling beneath their boots almost threw them to the ground. Victoria's body was surrounded by scarlet threads pouring from her pores.
A massive crack tore through the wasteland. Chains rattled and mechanisms buried deep began to turn and rise. Marius could hardly believe what was emerging from the abyss formed out of nothing. A gigantic door, misty, black, and terrifying, slowly rising, covered in cadaverous forms. What kind of summoning was this? And worse... What the hell was about to come out of those doors that were now swinging wide open?
A commanding roar echoed from the woman whose back was still turned in the distance. Her hair whipped through the air, rising above mortals like a true Goddess of Death. Fearless. Untamed. Unbelievable. Defying immortality itself. ---- Just how powerful was Victoria? They were about to get a small taste... And still, they hadn't learned, getting in a Viad's way only ever leads to ruin.
 Search Novels Here → 
###Chapter 1429
---- 248. MY ARMY CAN ONLY HAVE ONE GENERAL NARRATOR Marius's eyes nearly popped out of their sockets. The chilling and unbelievable scene unfolding before them was something he'd never forget. Solid, rusted, living chains slithered through the air, shooting out from the depths of the doors. A thick black mist moved within, hiding something that he was pretty sure he didn't want to see. Looking directly into the abyss beyond that entrance was almost impossible.
Yet there was a woman levitating in mid-air, facing the pressure and danger head-on Those chains wrapped around her legs and arms like supernatural shackles. The red strands of Victoria's blood wove themselves between the steel links, and the struggle began. Marius couldn't clearly see her face, but that didn't stop him from imagining it. ---- She was speaking in that sharp, cryptic tongue. They had barely taught him a single spell, and even that one was hard as hell.
But she was roaring out macabre incantations, commands that summoned death itself. The wind howled across the moor, brushing against forgotten graves that seemed to wail and cry like ghosts. Beside him, Edgar was trembling with fear, but Marius could only feel a twisted excitement that left his cock hard. The power, that intoxicating power, that came along with that female. Thunder cracked the skies, the moon disappeared into complete darkness, and then they started to emerge.
Victoria yanked at the enchanted chains, forcing the sleeping bodies to awaken. He watched the footsteps emerge from the black mist. Muddy boots dragging, tattered clothes swaying Marius's heart pounded wildly as he recognized many of those decayed and mutilated faces. They had once been warriors, the very army used by General Hagen to destroy his enemies. ---- And all it took was thinking of that man to summon him.
He saw the chains shake violently, tightening around Victoria's limbs, pulling her toward the door. She roared, her blood bursting into red threads dancing around her body, and resisted. The tug of war didn't last long. Soon, a blood-curdling war cry echoed from the underworld. An undead warrior, clad in white and black armor, leapt through the air with a massive, rusted, yet still sharp sword. Straight at Victoria.
It didn't matter how strong the blood bonds or chains were- General Hagen was not just anybody. "He's going to kill her!" Edgar screamed in panic. His brain couldn't process the fantasy-like scene he was watching. But Marius didn't respond. He waited, because something told him he was about to be surprised again. And he was right: before Hagen, with his hate-twisted face, could drive his blade through the vampire, someone blocked his path.
 Search Novels Here → 
###Chapter 1430
---- "It's... it's Rousse..." Edgar stammered. They both watched the clash. Rousse had thrown off the heavy cloak that always hid him, revealing his bulging muscles and commanding aura. He pulled two black swords out of nowhere, both cursed-looking and dangerous as hell. That massive body started fighting like a beast against the undead warrior. Victoria kept summoning more warriors, and the moor was. filling with shadows, waiting for someone to obey.
Hagen, who had seemed unstoppable to Marius, didn't last long Rousse was terrifying, savage-he never imagined that silent, nearly two-meter-tall brute could fight so viciously. He saw the bloodthirsty side of him, and Marius's heart quivered inhis chest He had underestimated him. Underestimated her. He was on a whole other level beneath their power. The fight ended with Hagen on his knees, chains wrapped around his body, a black sword driven through his dead chest.
---- "THERE'S ONLY ROOM FOR ONE GENERAL HERE!" Rousse's thunderous voice echoed across the moor. Standing in front of Victoria, like an unshakable protector. "WHOEVER DARES DISOBEY MY ORDERS OR THE ORDERS OF THE MASTERS CAN ONLY EXPECT A PUNISHMENT WORSE THAN DEATH!" His magical aura spread, binding the undead's hearts in chains, and Hagen bowed his head, surrendering for good. Things seemed to be over, but Victoria began convulsing and pulling at the chains with her bare hands.
"Victoria, we have enough already!" Rousse shouted, turning to look at her. "NO, NO, there's one more... HE'S NOT GETTING AWAY FROM ME!" She roared with the storm. The sky split open, and a torrent of rain poured down on the lifeless bodies. The giant door trembled, something inside was resisting. The vampire's feet touched the ground, her boots dragging a trail as she was pulled backward.
---- But she didn't give up, yanking with hatred, screaming louder and louder until she dragged out exactly what she wanted from that hellish realm. "What's she trying to summon?" Edgar couldn't see clearly through the curtain of rain and the steam rising from the overheated ground. "I think I know who itis..." Marius muttered with a frown. And just as he said it, he came out, walking on his own two feet, A tall vampire, proud, wearing rags that once were regal clothes... "The... the vampire Lord..."
 Search Novels Here → 
###Chapter 1431
---- 249. I ALREADY HAVE A MALE NARRATOR Marius didn't look as shocked as Edgar. Even the most powerful man in these lands had once been forced to kneel before Victoria. The rain poured down, washing the field, and lightning lit up the army now lying at the feet of a single woman. Once, they had been the most incredible warriors, masters of fate, and now... nothing more than slaves to the chains binding their souls.
The rumble echoed as the gate slammed shut and vanished into the abyss, as if it had never existed. Edgar couldn't stop rambling, still high on adrenaline and excitement. But Marius's mind was racing. Victoria had uncovered the truth of the past, he could tell by the hatred in how she treated her kind. Something had changed in the vampire... something he needed to figure out if he wanted to survive what was coming.
---- He watched as the blood in her body extended into those floating red threads, intertwining and embedding themselves into the forehead of each undead warrior. A rune seal glowed, then disappeared. He, who had struggled to create just two or three of those creatures, saw Victoria awaken nearly fifty in a single move. It was unbelievable, but not invincible. He saw her collapse into Rousse's arms, who carried her straight toward the forest refuge.
Marius followed, moving between the trees and joining them. The storm was already letting up, and the world began to settle. "Vicky!" he rushed to her side when Rousse laid her against a tree trunk. She looked pale, breathing slowly, her eyes barely open, "What's wrong with her?" he asked, kneeling down way too close to Victoria's thighs. She tensed and pulled back immediately. Marius didn't show any reaction. "I can give you my blood.
You shouldn't have done something so ---- reckless," he said, about to tear his wrist open. "No, no... it's not necessary," Victoria stopped him, breathing heavily. "Victoria, don't be impulsive. Rousse can't feed you-I can!" he shouted, pretending to be wounded by her rejection. "Do I... mean nothing to you anymore?" he asked, lowering his voice, making it intimate. But Victoria's scarlet eyes looked straight into his, so deeply he wondered if she could see through all his lies.
"Rousse, organize the army. Lock them up in your dungeons," she suddenly ordered her general. Marius heard the heavy footsteps fading away, and luckily Edgar had been smart enough to keep his distance. "Vicky..." "Don't call me that anymore, Marius. It's not right," Victoria said firmly. "There was a time I thought there might be something more between us, and I'm sorry if I misled you. But you need to understand, I only see you as an ally," she stated bluntly. "And besides, you lied to me about many things..."
 Search Novels Here → 
###Chapter 1432
---- "Victoria, I didn't do it to hurt you. I was just... ashamed of our past. And the kids weren't to blame! A lot of us had no idea what the nobles were really doing!" Marius was betting everything on the hope that she hadn't discovered his noble past. From the way her gaze softened, he figured he was still safe... for now. "I know. And that's the only reason we're not enemies. Both sides have caused a lot of harm, and I hope we can be allies," she said.
"Marius, I don't have time for old grudges..." Victoria stared straight into his soul. "A war is coming, and I need to know if the vampires left in the stronghold will stand with me... or against me." "With you," he replied without hesitation, already jumping to the wrong conclusion in his head. "With this immortal army, we can take back power, defeat the werewolves... He was getting more and more excited with every word. He already saw himself at the top.
---- "I'm not going to fight against the Lord. The werewolves will still rule here," she said, dumping a bucket of cold water over his fantasy. "Why? I thought..." "Lord Dracomir is my mate, and I'm going to stand by him. He's not a bad man, and I'll convince him to let your people live better." "You mean, let us keep living off scraps!" Marius shouted, standing up, unable to hold back his rage. He completely lost it for a moment. Felt betrayed by her. How could she reject him...
for that beast?! "That won't happen. I give you my word. His role in my army will be respected," Victoria said, still seated. Her dominant aura didn't falter for a second. Victoria could see it, what was burning behind the vampire's eyes She didn't really blame him. Dracomir had done extreme things to0, driven by hatred. Everyone here had made their share of mistakes. ---- Marius calmed down suddenly, the storm inside him settling. "So...
I don't have any chance with you?" He asked, almost sadly, trying not to let the bitterness spill out. "As the friend who offered me his hand when I arrived in this land, you'll always have my support," Victoria answered without hesitation. "But as anything else... you have no chance. I already have a male I love. He's the only one who'll be in my bed." She lifted the stone... and let it crash down mercilessly on his ambitions.
 Search Novels Here → 
###Chapter 1433
---- 250. AT THE GATES OF REBELLION NARRATOR Marius stayed with his head down for a few seconds. Struggling to hide the hatred in his eyes. "Well... at least I got to fantasize about a woman as incredible as you," he said, lifting his head with a sigh The smile on his lips didn't reach his eyes "We're with you, Victoria. I hate the wolves... but I trust your sense of justice.
I'll gather the vampires beneath the sewers." He gave her a slight bow and walked away like a man whose heart had just been crushed He and Edgar would leave on their own Rousse came closer, stepping out from the cover of the trees The rain had stopped and was dripping down his dark clothes. "I don't trust that vampire," he muttered while helping Miss Victoria to her feet.
That stunt she pulled had been madness; if she hadn't been strong enough, she could've been dragged into the world of the ---- dead. "I know," she replied with a sly gleam in her eye. "Keep an eye on him. I have a feeling he's going to do something stupid." Victoria stood up, but brought a hand to her head, feeling a bit dizzy. The blood in her body burned like boiling lava, her selenic magic completely drained. "I already put the undead to sleep.
If your father knew the insane thing you just did, right in front of me, he'd rip my head off," Rousse said with a huff as he summoned the underground portal to take her back to the palace. "Thank goodness it's your head and not your balls. You're actually going to need those now." "Victoria..." he called her name with a warning in his tone. When he skipped the "Miss," it usually meant she was in trouble. But as the earth swallowed them up, the vampire laughed a little more at her general.
Rousse couldn't hide his love for Meridiana, and Victoria was honestly happy for him. ---- That little witch deserved it too. She had proven to be far more fearless and daring than she appeared. "I never doubted you'd be protecting me, my General," Victoria whispered, vanishing into the depths of the forest. The ravaged moor finally fell silent. soe A few nights later, while "Celia's maid" brushed her hair, she gave Victoria the news she had been waiting for.
"They seem to trust me now," she whispered, gently running her fingers through Victoria's brown hair. The brush glided slowly through the strands. "What did they ask you to do?" the red eyes met hers through the mirror. "They want me to put something in your tea tomorrow. I think it's... a spell? I'm not sure," Meridiana said with a frown, She had definitely smelled magic on Lady Agatha. "Whatever it is, don't worry. The black magic inside me is very aggressive. I'm not just any vampire, I carry Selenia's blood."
 Search Novels Here → 
###Chapter 1434
---- "You still need to be careful. If something happens to you, Rousse will be worried sick," she said with a sigh She was desperate for all of this to finally be over. "You really love him, don't you?" Victoria asked, seeing that red flush bloom on the cheeks of a body barely holding together. That poor girl would finally rest for good once Meridiana left her. "He's a good man..." she whispered, lowering her head. "One of the best I've ever met," Victoria said. "Yes, I like him. I...
I love Rousse," her voice came out barely above a whisper. Victoria's smile widened. "Then when all this is over, we're throwing a wedding. When we get home..." She paused, sighing with a touch of longing "Well, you'll meet everyone. They're going to love you," she said, absolutely certain. "Now go rest and get ready for tomorrow, Meridiana. Something tells me the time has come." ---- The witch nodded and was already heading out when the vampire remembered something annoying, "Wait...
I need you to start removing this, so it fades away," she said, getting up, opening her robe and lifting her little nightdress. On her inner thigh, the initials of her supposed former master were still visible. "Every time Dracomir sees this, I have to deal with his bad mood.
He's going to tear my skin off with his teeth." That tattoo had not been one of her brightest ideas Meridiana did her thing, amused by the vampire's predicament Victoria was so unpredictable, so real, she secretly admired her. She wanted to be like that, bold with her man, more passionate. She was walking back, thinking about it, when she reached the servants' area.
It was quiet and mostly deserted; this late, most were sleeping, others standing guard The girl's room was the last one, and she pushed the door open into the shadows. But the moment she shut it behind her, a chill ran up her spine. ---- Her hand clenched the doorknob, ready to turn it again, but a presence cormered her. Before she could scream for help, a hand covered her mouth and slammed her against the wall. Had they found out who she really was? +
 Search Novels Here → 
###Chapter 1435
---- 251. FLIRTING WITH DEATH NARRATOR "Don't scream, sweetheart, it's me..." Meridiana let out a breath of relief and melted against her male's broad chest, like her bones had vanished. She had missed him so much she almost turned around to kiss him, but then remembered she was still "using" the maid's body. "Wait..." she shifted in his arms. Rousse knew what she meant and lifted her instantly, laying the woman's body gently on the small bed. "I shouldn't stay out of her for too long...
'm afraid she could die at any moment," she said with a sigh, dragging her shadow out of the girl, who was breathing alarmingly slow "That's fine, but I couldn't take not seeing you or kissing you anymore." He wrapped his arms around Meridiana the second she materialized. Rousse had also shed the fierce undead appearance, returning to something that resembled the man he once was. ---- He'd discovered he could switch his looks, which was a blessing.
This "handsome" version, he only ever showed to his mate. "Rousse..." Meridiana murmured like a little songbird as he hugged her by the waist and kissed her passionately. The general's cold lips moved hungrily over her mouth. Rousse nearly growled like a desperate beast, savoring her, plunging his tongue in to find hers. He had missed her taste, the heat of her tiny body, the curve of her back all the way to her ass. He grabbed her tightly, barely able to hold back his lust.
He made her wrap her legs around his waist as he lifted her onto the simple vanity table. Meridiana gasped for air, breathing hard. Rousse's hands moved down to cup her small breasts under the neckline of her dress. He rolled her hard nipple between two fingers and gave it little tugs, just like he did with her lower lip between his teeth. He sucked and nibbled, swallowing her moans of pleasure.
Rousse could feel the heat of her pussy pressing against his ---- stomach, Meridiana's legs open for him. The scent of her arousal drifted up through the layers of fabric, calling to him. That delicious tingle ran down his spine again, straight to his cock, which was getting harder by the second. She gave him her dark magic every time she could, and Rousse drank it like a dying man.
It worked, his appearance wasn't just close to when he was alive, but his cock had also "come back to life." The general had even tried a few secret jerks. He pushed her dress up, sliding his fingers along her creamy, soft thighs, going straight for her panties. The ecstasy of knowing she wanted him just as much as he craved her made him tremble with lust. He bit his lip hard and pressed a finger against her soaked core over the fabric The sorceress tensed immediately, moaning deep. "Shit, I'm sorry, baby, did I hurt you?" He started to pull his hand away from her sex.
 Search Novels Here → 
###Chapter 1436
---- "No, don't stop, Rousse..." Meridiana's soft plea went straight to his cock, which by now was pushing hard against his pants. These sensations... fuck, this desire, this life... only she could give him that. Rousse stopped acting like a gentleman. Time was short, and there was no way he'd leave without tasting her. A trail of passionate kisses traveled down Meridiana's chin and her flushed neck. She clutched her small hands on his strong back muscles.
In her world of darkness, every other sense was amplified. She could hear him breathing hard, growling like a beast barely holding back. When he reached her breasts, he fumbled with the neckline. Meridiana remembered what she used to think about Victoria, how she wished she could be more seductive. "Wait, ba... baby... wait.." she pushed at him with shaking hands. "Did I hurt you?" Rousse always asked the same question, constantly battling his own insecurities. He never felt worthy of her.
---- "No, my love, I... I can make it easier for you..." Her voice grew so soft it was almost a mosquito whisper in the night. "Goddess, I can't believe I'm doing this in the room of a dying girl." Meridiana thought to herself, hesitating just for a breath. Her life and love story were so strange, like, literally, her lover was already dead. So nothing could top having an orgasm "with death." The little witch leaned back and worked her magic trick.
She could manipulate anything about herself, and her clothes weren't an exception. Rousse's eyes widened as the pieces of fabric vanished, revealing that untouched body. Crimson blush painted her pale skin, and her blonde-pinkish hair danced over her shoulders, a few strands brushing her soft breasts. Her tight little nipples looked like ripe cherries begging to be licked and sucked. But the real prize was between her open thighs.
---- It was clear she was fighting her own shyness, but she still kept her legs apart so he could see everything That beautiful rose was already dripping, just from a little kissing and touching. Rousse couldn't resist the temptation anymore. He dropped to his knees, spreading her even wider with his rough hands, and dove straight in. Meridiana arched and bit her lip to stop from moaning out loud and giving herself away. Rousse was licking her up and down, sliding his tongue between her folds, sucking on her juicy lips and tugging them with his mouth.
 Search Novels Here → 
###Chapter 1437
---- 252. A STEADFAST SOLDIER IN ADVERSITY NARRATOR Meridiana could only let herself be dragged by the waves of pleasure. Her male circled her clit and teased it with little taps that made her thrust her hips forward. She craved more, a maddening itch deep inside her pussy as Rousse devoured her. "Deeper... my male inside..." she gasped between ragged breaths. When Rousse's fingers spread her open so filthily, exposing that tight little hole, Meridiana shuddered all over.
The anticipation was torture, her vaginal muscles already clenching, but nothing prepared her for the delicious penetration. First came Rousse's tongue, flexible and wet, fucking her deep, in and out, slurping up her horny fluids. Then came a finger, and she started pushing herself against his face. The old table rattled under the desperate movements of her ass. ---- She moved by instinct, chasing the pleasure of his finger thrusts.
The pressure in her belly built higher and higher, her release was near, and hearing her male breathing like an overheated bull wasn't helping her resist. Rousse was pretty sure he was going to drown in that hot pussy, not that he even needed oxygen anymore. And honestly, he wouldn't have minded if his tombstone read: ? Here lies the man who died happily eating out his wife.? 1 His filthy mind kept drifting into more and more pornographic thoughts.
His lips kissed that greedy mouth that only melted against him. Meridiana might've been shy, but her pussy sure as hell wasn't. And Rousse spoiled her, hitting every perfect spot until she came hard. He felt the fluttering of her folds tightening around his curved finger, and his tongue never stopped working over the hood of her clit. With a muffled, husky sound, Meridiana's voice mixed with the creaking of the poor vanity about to collapse.
 Search Novels Here → 
###Chapter 1438
---- Her hips lifted off the wood, trembling with the same force her pussy spasmed in waves of pleasure. Rousse pushed her to the edge, licking and sucking every last drop like he'd die without it. His own hand went to his pants, yanking out his cock and stroking it fast. He knew he wasn't going to come like a living man, he didn't produce semen. That would be too much of a miracle. But he did feel pleasure, the ecstasy of reaching climax.
Every twitch and jolt of an oncoming orgasm, like his balls really were full and pumping up to his shaft. He could almost feel the fluid releasing through the swollen head. His hand moved more urgently along the thick length, trying to. catch that final thrill before it faded on its own. But as he licked her slowly and growled from his knees, chasing his own sensations, Meridiana grabbed his tousled blond hair. "Rousse, I'm doing this for you...
I want to touch you too," her breathy voice echoed above his head. ---- The general looked up at her through the shadows. Her expression-a mix of innocence and wicked charm. When she fell silent, hesitating, she began climbing down from the table. "Baby, you don't have to do that, Meridiana, I just need your pleasure, my love..." He tried to hold her by the waist, but she was already on her feet. She leaned forward and kissed his chest. Her small hands caressed the chiseled muscles of his abs.
Rousse growled through his teeth when he felt her tongue flicking at his nipples and her nails scraping near his cock. Damn, it felt so good to have nerve endings-to feel her hot breath, the wetness of her saliva, the warmth of her breathing on his skin. "m not just doing it for you, my love... I want to touch you too, my general." His cock twitched harder, even stiffer, when Meridiana's hand wrapped around the shaft and teased his foreskin. Then Rousse noticed something.
---- Her fingers were coated in dark magic-it felt slick, slippery, and she was stimulating him from the outside with it. It was like his own cock was leaking precum to lube her scorching strokes. He bowed his head, moaning into her soft blonde hair. His restless hands reached for her gorgeous breasts.
He sank into the soft flesh, slipping her nipples between his knuckles, squeezing and teasing them in pulsing motions Hunched over the moaning woman in front of him, they looked like two silhouettes doing indecent things. The general's lustful hisses echoed off the walls. Meridiana stroked him up and down in an awkward way that drove him wild despite her inexperience.
At the pace she was going, not only had she pulled off the miracle of raising this "dead man," she might even make him " shoot milk" and pull water from a dry well. Rousse felt capable of anything-and was already thinking about awarding his cock a medal of "Excellence" for staying firm in the face of adversity.
 Search Novels Here → 
###Chapter 1439
---- 253. I CAN ONLY BELONG TO YOU NARRATOR Meridiana's hand could barely wrap around the thick girth, but she wasn't one to back down. She stroked him from the base all the way to the tip of that massive spear. Rousse threw his head back with a growl when she picked up the pace, that delicious magic seeping into every pore of his. cock. His sterile balls kept tightening without pause. Sshshhh, he was close to that nirvana of pleasure, and Rousse pushed his luck even further.
His hips thrust forward, setting a desperate rhythm, slipping the tip of his cock between his witch's thighs. Meridiana suddenly tensed at the change. She wasn't in control anymore. "Mmnn, don't be scared, baby... sshh, I'm not gonna penetrate you, I just need... ah, fuck, yes...
Mnnn, you're so wet, honey..." Rousse pinned her against the edge of the little table and began ---- rubbing his swollen tip between her pussy lips He told her to keep her legs together as he jerked off like a pervert between her thighs. He could feel the heat of her trembling sex, sliding through honey, dying for the day he'd finally get to deflower her. Something he never thought possible, and even though he couldn't come, there it was... his orgasmic experience.
Meridiana got turned on quickly from the constant stimulation. Every time that hard shaft bumped into her clit, she saw stars and the whole damn sky. Having Rousse over her, desperate, thrusting with a wildness he'd never shown before, was pushing her right back to the edge. He'd always been a gentleman, but today he let out the savage man that drove her insane. She'd pushed him to his limits and that made her hornier than ever.
"Aahh Mmmn..." she muffled her scream against his hard chest, trembling against his vibrating muscles. She dug her nails into his flexed arms and came all over that cock that had stayed hard the entire time. ---- Rousse felt the flood of fluids, the twitch of her mound, and his mind shattered into a thousand pieces. His hips even jerked forward, legs bent to align perfectly with hers. He groaned, burying his face in her hair, holding her by the ass as Meridiana's legs gave out beneath her.
The general's eyes rolled back, not from death this time, but from pure euphoria. His entire cock throbbed in spasms, and even his balls tightened in imitation, simulating the whole release. With how soaked his little witch had made them both, they could've easily shared the climax together.
He hugged her tight, panting, lifting her up around his waist once he'd "caught his breath." Meridiana was still hyperventilating, clinging to him like a woman who'd just run a marathon with two hard orgasms. Rousse's satisfied smile couldn't be wiped away as he kissed her temple and caressed her sweaty back. His other hand cradled her ass.
 Search Novels Here → 
###Chapter 1440
---- "Woman, you're my weakness... you have no idea how much I love you, Meridiana," he confessed in a hoarse voice, eyes shut in contentment. "So I did good? You liked it?" she asked in that not-so-innocent little voice. "Liked it? Are you kidding? You can now officially say you don't just raise the dead, you raise dicks too." "Rousse!" she slapped his chest, pretending to be mad, but clearly laughing. The general's chest rumbled with a deep laugh.
He was happier than he'd ever been in his existence-at least the part he remembered, which had been filled with only death and loneliness. "When all this madness ends... and only if you want to... let me be your man, my beautiful witch. Let me take your first time. I want you so badly, my love." Rousse murmured with emotion, finally feeling confident he could truly satisfy her. "I can only give myself to you..." Meridiana lifted her face, wrapping her hands behind his strong neck.
---- The untamable general of the undead lowered his head until the tips of their noses touched, gazing at her, fascinated, enchanted, obsessed. She no longer even covered her eyes with that blindfold, and he adored every part of her. Meridiana had confessed that she'd done that to herself out of hatred for the blindness her powers had slowly brought on. She felt it was a punishment from the Goddess for wielding such dark magic.
There had been a time when she hated herself so deeply she grabbed that knife not just to mark herself... but to end it all for good. Rousse silently thanked fate that things didn't go the way she'd wanted in that moment of desperation. "My soul already belongs to you, my handsome Rousse, And my body... it's dying to be yours too." Meridiana leaned in for a kiss, which she quickly tasted on his lips, filled with passion, but also love and a thousand promises for the future.
---- For the first time, they allowed themselves to dream of something deeper. But tomorrow would be a hard day... where every hidden plan would be put to the test. And one single mistake... could cost the life of anyone... whose heart still dared to beat.
 Search Novels Here → 
###Chapter 1441
---- 254. A PLAN WITH AN UNEXPECTED ENDING VICTORIA The storm clouds in the sky were a bad sign, and even worse were the mounted warriors who arrived at the fief early in the morning. A small army of werewolves had set up camp nearby. Former allies now came to make demands and set conditions. Dracomir didn't say anything specific, but he warned me to stay alert and be ready to leave if needed.
He showed me the hiding place of a bag full of gold, left everything prepared in case we had to escape. He knew he had little support from his own warriors. But where could we go if everyone in this realm was an enemy? I wasn't willing to let him give up his position because of me He'd earned his place, and no one would take it from him just because he chose me.
Sitting in the library, I waited for the right moment, drumming my fingers on the small table, until Meridiana finally appeared, controlling that girl's body. ---- "Miss, the tea you asked for to calm your nerves," she said loud enough to be heard through the open doors. I spread my senses and, of course, they were spying, making sure I fell into their trap. "Thanks, sweetheart," I said calmly, taking the saucer and cup.
I sniffed it a little, and Meridiana gave me a secret wink, I took a noisy sip, then another, tasting the bitter bottom of the chamomile. "It's perfect," I sighed, just like those two harpies hiding behind the hallway column. "Do you know what Celia's up to? Strange she hasn't come up with anything... Do you go to the places she usually hangs out?" I started pretending I was actually using her to spy. She played along, and in the end, through stammering, didn't say anything useful.
"Well, get out," I waved her off with a gesture of annoyance. But in our minds, other plans were being woven. sob ---- The morning hours passed, and there would be a lunch banquet at noon. One of Dracomir's men came to tell me the Lord wanted me at the table. Obviously, that would seriously piss off the wolves from the other fief who wanted to pair him with their heiress. But that was his way of telling them he already had a partner.
I agreed, of course-after all, I knew I'd never make it to that lunch. Walking firmly down the hallway, I noticed my guards had vanished like magic. Someone had dismissed them from my door. Only someone from that family could override the Lord's orders. A thin smile crossed my lips as I turned the corner that led to the wide staircase in the hall There she was, the "innocent" Celia, just like I had imagined. "Where do you think you're going?" she stopped me, standing at the edge of the stairs. "As far as I know, I don't owe you any explanation," I scoffed.
 Search Novels Here → 
###Chapter 1442
---- Her face twisted with hatred-a true picture of horror. She took a step toward me, full of threat and rage. "Tell me the truth... did you get your vampire powers back?" she asked suddenly, and then muttered a spell. Something inside me tensed and burned. She was cruelly triggering the spell she'd mixed into my tea, but that couldn't overcome my will. Still, I opened my mouth and lied. "How could I possibly get my powers back?" I frowned, even holding my head like it was working.
"No, I haven't recovered anything..." "Then how the fuck did you escape all my traps?! How did you twist my seduction game and pull something so disgusting, you damn degenerate?!" She lunged at me, raging, yelling for me not to fight back, while she slapped my face and even dug her nails into my cheeks. Her fury had to be eating her alive. I stoically held back the urge to snap her neck... not yet, just a little longer, until she let her guard down completely. ---- The perfect moment was near.
You could see she wanted to do to me what she did to her maids -get rid of me on the spot. But she needed the men already coming down the hallway upstairs to witness her well-rehearsed performance. Breathing heavily, she looked at me and spat out her bile. "When Dracomir and the others turn the corner, push me down the stairs yourself, and yell that the Lord belongs to you. Attack me with all that hate I know you have." She ordered, placing her boots right on the edge.
My face looked at her like I didn't understand, even with "fear," " no will," and she gave me a sly smile. She thought she'd won. She wanted them to see me as some crazy killer, eliminating the Lord's suitors. The worst part: she belonged to the family Dracomir wouldn't dare defy-the ones he protected and cared for. The witnesses were just about to see us. The scared look on my face suddenly twisted into a smirk full of ---- sarcasm and malice.
"What...?" Celia tensed and trembled the moment she realized her mistake. "You're not... you're not..." She tried to escape, but I gripped her shoulders tightly, digging my claws in. "Of course I'm not under your spell, sweetheart. A bitch like you can't command a Vlad," I told her, and my body acted with the words. Before she could warn her people, I pulled the dagger hidden under my sash and, at that short distance, slit her throat so she couldn't scream.
The blood burst out like a waterfall, painting the world in scarlet. I stabbed her several more times in vital spots-lethal strikes that would give her only a few seconds of life... just enough for what was coming. "Da...d..." She clung to my shoulders, her frantic eyes darting to the side, where the guests were already arriving for the show. Her dress was soaked in blood, dripping grotesquely onto the carpet. ---- I leaned in close to her ear, holding her collapsing body.
"This is for all the women you killed without mercy. You messed with the wrong person, Celita. Dracomir is mine." I kissed her pale cheek, damp with tears and crimson. Then I stabbed her one more time, driving the hilt deep into her belly, just in case they hadn't seen me clearly from the hallway. I lifted my boot and shoved her down the stairs. Her body arched in the air, giving me one last look-still full of disbelief and a silent curse burning in her eyes. She'd die tormented. No curse she threw at me would ever stick not from a corpse.
 Search Novels Here → 
###Chapter 1443
---- 255. YOU CHOOSE ME OR THEM? VICTORIA "CELIA!" her father's roar echoed, followed by her mother's. I was sure they had been lured down this hallway on purpose. Didn't they want to see me attack her? Well, wish granted. By the time they reached the landing, Ihad already made sure Celia's dying body hit the floor of the hall. Before she bled out completely, a fast-moving shadow slipped into her, holding on to the last thread of her life. "YOU DAMN VAMPIRE!
WHAT DID YOU DO TO MY DAUGHTER?!" Mrs. Aghata lunged at me like a madwoman, and my hand trembled, dropping the bloodied dagger, the evidence of my crime. I stumbled back several steps, eyes wide open, shocked that they had "caught me red-handed." "No! I didn't mean to! She made me do it! She attacked me! Dracomir, save me!" ---- Iscreamed to the Lord, who was frozen at the landing. His eyes were torn with contradiction. He tried to look at me, but couldn't tear his gaze away from Mr.
Fenir, who was rushing down the stairs to save his daughter. 'Mrs, Aghata's claws were already on my arm, and I had to hold out a little longer, still playing the helpless victim. 'WE ALL SAW YOU STAB CELIA! MURDERER! YOU KILLED MY DAUGHTER, MURDERER!" "LET HER GO!" Dracomir finally stepped in, pulling her off me, but then grabbed me by the hair like a market hag and shook me. Iclenched my jaw, mentally writing down everything I'd be collecting payback for later. "HOW CAN YOU DEFEND HER?!
YOU SWORE TO PROTECT US! WE RAISED YOU WHEN NO ONE ELSE WANTED YOU!" She screamed at him, guilt-tripping him, shouting to attract all the attention she originally craved. The men from the party, a mix of Draco's warriors and those ---- from the other fief, looked at me with growing hostility. 'The only thing keeping them from tearing me apart was Dracomir's body standing between us. "THERE HAS TO BE AN EXPLANATION.
MY MATE WOULDN'T DO THIS WITHOUT A DAMN GOOD REASON!" he shouted at them, but his voice shook. That broad back in front of me didn't feel as safe as it used to. "SHE DESERVES DEATH, RIGHT NOW! THIS WOMAN IS DRAGGING YOU INTO RUIN, AND SHE'S TAKING US ALL. DOWN WITH YOU!" voices rose in support. Draco tried to keep defending me, but he was stopped by words... no, by a direct command. "Lord, come immediately and give your blood to my descendant. Nothing is more important than saving Celia." Mr.
Fenir's cold voice echoed from below. He was holding his daughter's pale body and had managed to stop the bleeding. Now he was demanding lycan strength from his puppet. And I understood that's why they had kept him around all this time.
 Search Novels Here → 
###Chapter 1444
---- Dracomir was a weapon, a very dangerous one. His entire body tensed like a steel wire. Isaw him look straight into that wolf's deep eyes, something evil flickering inside them. A low growl rumbled in Draco's chest, but I could hear it... and see it... He was extremely sensitive to dark magic, I carried it in my veins myself. The tattoo around his neck glowed faintly in scarlet red, like a branding iron burning into his will.
Trealized those markings weren't just for show, they had hidden runes inside. "COME. NOW." Fenir ordered, mercilessly pulling him like a puppet. "Dracomir, no. Don't leave me alone," I held him from behind, wrapping my arms around his waist, pleading. "They're going to hurt me. You have to protect me." "You shouldn't have done something so horrible to Celia," he ---- said suddenly, pulling my hands away from his body and turning to face me. Those red, lifeless eyes...
they weren't the eyes of the male who loved me unconditionally. "Why did you have to do something so stupid?" he growled, his breath growing heavier with each second. His words came out hissing between clenched teeth. "She attacked me first, Dracomir! I took that dagger from her -she was going to kill me!" "LIAR! DRACOMIR, END THIS NOW!" Agatha pushed him further, and the runes under his tunic flashed, sinking into his skin. My man's face twisted in agony, his eyes looked at me...
but didn't recognize me. "Bight, my love. Fight! Only you can break those chains," Troared into his mind, but I couldn't pierce the fog clouding him. "You two, take her back to her room. We'll decide what to do ---- later..." He ordered two of his warriors, barely defending me, then turned his back to rush downstairs to help Celia. He left me at the mercy of that bitch and those vultures who already looked at me like I was a walking corpse.
"Restrain her and gag her," she gestured to the warriors, who pounced on me to tie me up. "Take her to the square, to the pyre. We'll show our allies what happens to traitors," she told the men from the other fief. Gagged, I was dragged away while Dracomir, down below, had no idea I was being taken to certain death. Icould fight back, of course I could, but I was pushing the situation to the extreme, forcing a choice.
Would the control of the Fenir clan be stronger, or the fated bond that tied us? If my parents taught me anything, it's that no curse lasts forever... and no spell can't be broken by true love between soulmates.
 Search Novels Here → 
###Chapter 1445
---- 256. THE AWAKENING OF MY WOLF DRACOMIR I could hear a voice roaring from deep inside my head. My chest ached like it was being torn in two. Buta tension was pulling at my neck, dragging me toward my adoptive father and his daughter... my family... the ones Thad sworn to protect. As I knelt beside Celia, giving her my blood, I asked myself- what was that important thing I had left behind? A female silhouette flickered in my mind, a scent I adored, something that felt like home.
Iwanted to fight it, but it hurt so much... Iwas lost ina tangle of thoughts. Celia's cold lips moved against my wrist, still thrown over the pool of blood soaking the hall floor. I didn't even know how she survived such a brutal attack. She looked so pale, so... dead. Her heartbeat was barely audible. ---- But I'd do whatever it took to save her, because an order had been burned into my will: Thad to protect this family above all else. They were my true masters, my benefactors. "Da... d...
" Celia's weak voice brought me back to her condition. 'My neck itched to twist and look up the stairs, but no... this was more important. "My sweet girl, blessed goddess, what a scare you gave me," Frederick rushed in to hold her, yanking her from my arms. His voice trembled, worried. Celia moved her lips to whisper inhis ear. Something about how it hadn't worked... that she was a danger... Who was the danger? "Let's end this once and for all," my "father's" expression hardened.
"Lord of the Fortress, are we really going to go to war over a ---- woman who has no compassion? Who just mortally wounded my daughter Celia? My daughter!" He roared, and every word dug deeper into my brain. My neck felt like it was wrapped in fire. "So right now, you're going to fulfill your duty to your people and to my family. Come with me." He ordered, lifting Celia in his arms. Istood there frozen, watching him walk toward one of the side balconies.
My gaze traveled up the stairs, it was empty. Still, I felt like someone should be there... someone... And soon I discovered the warriors and Aghata had only moved to one of the many punishment courtyards, once used by the vampires. One in particular haunted my memories, where those sadistic bastards had raped my mother. Now I looked down at it from above, from the Lord's private balcony.
 Search Novels Here → 
###Chapter 1446
---- There it stood, rising over the black bricks: The Pyre of the Condemned. Abonfire that hadn't been used in years... now occupied by a woman surrounded by an enraged crowd. My heart stopped when I saw her, hands tied behind the thick post, completely defenseless. She lifted her head, and her red-tinted eyes met mine across the distance-sad, screaming at me in silence. 'The wind whipped her brown hair violently. The storm was rumbling above us, thunder already roaring in the distance...
but the worst was inside me. Memories of her were fighting to break through my mind, but I gripped my neck, hissing, losing control. "Don't resist, or you'll mash your brain. This is necessary. It's right. You will ally with the werewolf fief. I shouldn't have left it up to you." My father's voice echoed beside me, implacable... ?No, no, he's not your father!? ---- A voice roared through the fog. When Aghata's hateful shouts rang out, I looked back at the sacrificial altar.
My pupils filled with panic as I saw the torch in her hands, raised above the wooden stage. She screamed that all vampires were the same, that that bitch had bewitched me, and that it was time to end the threat... Something inside me kept tormenting me, pushing, ripping through muscles and bones, tearing at every fiber of my soul. She never once looked away from me. And yes... she had bewitched me... of course I loved her love, her scent, her presence, her words of comfort...
?Victoria, Victoria, Victoria...? 'That name echoed louder than all the lies eating away at me. When Aghata's hand lowered toward the dry hay, amid that frenzy of hatred, something shattered inside me. Avoice stronger than the chains that bound me. "DON'T YOU DARE HURT MY MATE!" ---- The beast's roar came with my transformation. I threw myself over the edge without hesitation, leaping several meters toward the square.
Inthe air, thick fur burst from my pores and my body twisted, reshaping itself mid-flight. Ididn't shift into a lycan... but into something buried deep in my instincts. Amassive, untamed Alpha wolf, with fangs and claws fully out. The magical shackle snapped from my neck. Red sparks from shattered runes floated in the air. Before the fire could reach my beloved, my wolf lunged onto the platform and ripped Aghata's torch arm clean off.
She screamed in terror, and I felt her hot blood splatter across my snout and fangs. Today, blood would run because I could remember everything! They took my will from me, manipulated my gratitude, preyed on the feelings of an orphan boy. ---- Frederick unlocked the vampires' collar just to put his own on me; to use my lycan power for his own convenience and be the true Lord in the shadows.
 Search Novels Here → 
###Chapter 1447
---- 257. ROUSSE'S PAST VICTORIA Iwas losing hope. How much more did I have to suffer in front of Dracomir for him to choose me? Was the spell cast over him truly invincible? Icould already feel the flames burning close to my body, those beasts screaming below, full of hate and evil. All I could do was stare at him with my soul clenched in a fist, thinking that if he let them burn me alive... I wouldn't forgive him. No matter how much pain it brought, this time, I wouldn't let it go.
Of course I could free myself, I wouldn't risk everything if I didn't have a way out, but he was the key I wanted to escape this injustice. "You're gonna burn, and there won't bea trace left of your filthy body, you dark creature!" 'That old woman's voice rang beside me, pure venom-and she didn't even know she was already daughterless. ---- "We'll see who burns..." Imuttered through my teeth, and she hesitated for a second, staring at me, but she didn't see me as a threat.
She lowered the torch and the fire crackled as the shavings below caught flame. But at that moment, I heard the roar I had been waiting for. "DO NOT DARE TO HURT MY MATE!" Tlooked up at the balcony, where my wild man jumped like a beast. His body shifted midair into a massive Alpha wolf... Dracomir's spirit animal. He'd broken free. Everything happened too fast. The aura of the pack leader expanded like a wave, forcing them all to their knees.
He ran through the crowd trembling with fear, leapt through the smoke rising from the fire under my feet, and landed on the stage. The wooden boards shook under his weight, standing on all ---- fours he was nearly my size. Fierce and beautiful. I loved him. He didn't waste time on words-his rage exploded when he ripped Aghata's arm clean off, making her scream like a pig in the slaughterhouse. Blood splattered everywhere, triggering my own violence, and my hands broke free from the ropes.
Isaw Alan's jaws open, lunging for the woman's head as she collapsed to the ground, peeing herself, begging, trying to justify her so-called good deeds from the past. But of course, Mr. Fenir wasn't just going to watch. "AGHATA!" I heard him roar, and turned to look at him. He clutched his chest in a suspicious gesture. He was going to do something, and I couldn't let him! "NOW, ROUSSE, MERIDIANA!" Igave the order my general had been waiting for.
Through the smoke I saw him rise from the ground behind that traitor, and "his daughter," possessed by Meridiana, ---- moved in his arms, pulling out the hidden dagger and plunging it into his chest. Beside me, a scream of agony echoed, and I watched Aghata's head roll across the soot-stained wooden floor. Alan's jaws dripped with her blood, his wolf eyes locked on mine. I paused for only a second, wanting to run to him, but a scream from the balcony snapped me back.
"\MERIDIANA"" I heard Rousse cry out, as a white wave of energy from that old man blasted "Celia's" body off that deadly height. "NO!" I shouted, running without hesitation. If the body she was occupying died completely before she could exit, she would die too. She was supposed to stab Frederick in the heart...what happened?! seek NARRATOR
 Search Novels Here → 
###Chapter 1448
---- Rousse was waiting in the shadows, ready to carry out his part of the plan. But he was more restless than ever. He had never agreed with Meridiana risking herself by possessing Celia's body just to get close to that bastard. His senses were always attuned to the surface, so the moment Victoria gave the order, he didn't hesitate to summon his power and appear behind the villain.
Frederick was so consumed by the imminent death of his wife that he didn't notice the changes in his daughter, or how she pulled out a weapon to strike him. He was shocked to feel a presence suddenly appear behind him -he thought the witches' restrictions were still active in the realm. "What the...?! CELIA?!" He tried to pull away to save himself, unaware that the woman he held in his arms was no longer his "sweet" daughter.
With a sword at his back and a dagger at his chest, it seemed the villain of this story was about to meet his inglorious end. ---- But in the middle of the ambush, Meridiana, seeing through Celia's eyes, spotted the magic pendant that slipped out from inside Frederick's shirt. She knew it well, it was the most powerful protection of her former mistress. 'Watch out, Rousse!" She screamed in panic, falling to the floor and trying to step back, but it was too late.
'The spell activated violently upon sensing its user had been attacked, The surge of power exploded like a supernova, and Mr. Fenir's figure vanished, disappearing from his position. Rousse's attack sank into a cloud of cold mist, but what he saw through the haze froze him completely. Like in slow motion, he saw Meridiana falling off the edge, still inside Celia's body. She seemed dazed from the direct blow of the spell's power.
Celia's eyes turned white, as if Meridiana was screaming from within, but she was inevitably falling into the abyss. ---- That image, losing his beloved, his mate, triggered memories in the general that had been forcefully buried. Arapid flashback showed him back when he was still a man full of vitality and kindness. He lived ina village tucked away in the mountains, a hidden refuge from the evil plaguing the realm.
Rousse was an Elemental, and despite the hatred toward supernatural beings, he had faith in peace between species. So much so that he eventually befriended a lazy young vampire who once came to his workshop asking for two swords. Zarek was addicted to his mate's stews, he mooched food like he was starving at home. Their friendship soon caused trouble in the village, no one liked the idea of a vampire knowing where they were. They feared he'd attract danger, and they were right.
Rousse had been naive, and even Zarek underestimated the cruelty of the supernatural and the disobedience toward the crown's orders. ---- In the shadows, old slavery practices still thrived. One day Rousse came back from hunting to find his village in flames. The women had been kidnapped, along with the children and handsome young men. The few survivors cursed him the moment they saw him, blaming him for bringing vampires to their door.
Rousse stared at the corpses of familiar faces, of his friends, and felt he truly had sinned against his people. But when he reached his little wooden house, the door hanging off its hinges and flames licking the walls and roof, his world completely shattered. His mate, his pregnant wife, had been taken prisoner, along with the others, to the mansion of those degenerate vampires.
 Search Novels Here → 
###Chapter 1449
---- 258. THE GHOSTS OF THE PAST NARRATOR He stormed out like a demon, gathering the few who could still fight, men as desperate as he was, searching for their mothers, their partners, their children. About twenty Elementals descended the mountain... and by the time Zarek found out and reached the country estate of those noble vampires... only one was left.
He saw his friend, the one who had welcomed him into his home without hesitation, kneeling in the middle of the garden, still holding the mutilated body of his woman. The place was stained with the lives of those poor Elementals who were no match for the many adult vampires partying, drunk on lust and bloodlust. 'They had taken their rage out on Rousse's body, stabbing him with swords and knives in the back as he protected the murdered woman in his arms.
Zarek's eyes turned crimson red as he listened to the laughter and mockery, the kicks to his friend's body, prolonging his suffering. ---- Surrounded by the vermin who dared call themselves nobles. By the time they noticed Zarek's presence... it was too late for them. That day, he wiped out every single soul in that mansion, but nothing would bring Rousse back. His last breath was taken in Zarek's arms, bitter tears falling from his lifeless eyes.
He was still clutching his wife's cold hand, unable to let go, deeply regretting ever inviting calamity into his village. ?I won't let you die, Rousse. It's not fair. I'll tear you from the hands of death.? Zarek's words echoed in his mind now. 1 He made him one of his first undead, his most perfect, lethal, and "human" creation. Rousse remembered the pain those memories brought him, how he had found his woman being raped as part of the vampires' party amusements. The blind rage.
The helplessness. The guilt. He now understood why Zarek had buried those memories under so many restrictions. ---- He feared Rousse would hate him, blame him. Rousse even wondered why Zarek hadn't brought his wife back too. But deep down, he knew that their tragedies weren't the vampire prince's fault, and over the centuries, Rousse had seen his justice, his lonely fight, and survived until now. Until this moment, when once again, the love of his life could die right before his eyes.
Rousse leapt without thinking after Meridiana, who was fighting to escape Celia's body-or it would become her coffin. The general's hand stretched through the air, barely brushing her fingers, catching her panicked expression. Clinging to Meridiana, just as he once did with his wife and unborn child. This time, he wouldn't let fate steal his soulmate from him. This time, Zarek had given him the power to protect her.
He opened his mouth, and his voice roared like thunder, invoking the powers of the dead. The ground shook, and black, ashen roots-rotten from hiding beneath the graves-spread out from the cracks in the earth.
 Search Novels Here → 
###Chapter 1450
---- They caught Celia's falling body midair. Her waist, head, and legs were held with incredible gentleness -the same way Rousse used to touch her. The general landed hard in the square, standing in a cloud of dust beside the massive vine. "Get out of her! Let her go!" Victoria saw him shout at the witch, as he cradled her in his arms and gently laid her down. Rousse was trembling, his eyes wild and full of a fear she had never seen in him.
Meridiana's shadow finally left Celia's body, which dropped to the side, exhaling her final breath. In the midst of the chaos, Rousse held his woman tightly against him, lifting her, hugging her so hard it was as if he wanted to bury her inside his chest forever. "T can't lose you too... can't..." He pressed her head against his chest, burying his face in the crook of her neck. Meridiana felt something wet dripping continuously down her skin- Rousse was crying.
---- His shoulders trembled more with each ragged sob. It was like adam had burst behind his once-dry eyes. She clung to him, calming him, comforting him-even though she was the one who'd just survived the fall. She felt the shadows shift in his mind-he remembered everything. He was in shock, but sadly, that moment of intimacy and grief wouldn't last. They were still in the middle of a war, and the enemy had grown tired of waiting. The war horn echoed across the walls.
No one knew if Dracomir's army was on their side or against them. Most likely, they were loyal to that cursed man who had just appeared on one of the towers. He had seen his woman murdered and his daughter's body desecrated-he would not forgive them. "DRACOMIR, YOU AND YOUR WHORE WILL PAY FOR THIS! TLL MAKE YOU SUEFER A PAIN WORSE THAN DEATH!" He roared, bloodshot eyes ablaze, raising his hands to summon his hidden army. ---- The entire fortress shook, and bone-chilling growls rose from.
the depths. 'The sound of claws came rushing like a plague toward the square, ready to fight for their master. The wolf warriors answered the call, unsure which Alpha to obey. Chaos took over everything. "TF YOU'RE NOT WITH ME, THEN YOU'LL DIE WITH THOSE TRAITORS!" Frederick's voice boomed as he pointed at them, feeling invincible, while the horde of those fake lycan spawns poured through the doors and windows. Dracomir and his wolf knew they had to flee.
Fighting those things alone was suicide, even asa lycan. He moved to lift his mate onto his back-the four of them were gathered in the square, but there was still one exit left. "No, no, my Lord!" Victoria stopped him just as he tried to bite her clothes to drag her away. "Victoria, no one will take our side! We have no support -I won't let you die!"
 Search Novels Here → 
###Chapter 1451
---- Dracomir and Alan were desperate. If they had to take her by force, they would. They didn't even understand who those two strangers were that had suddenly appeared. The grotesque man had recovered from his moment of weakness and was protecting that small, strange woman. Even stranger... he looked like Victoria's former master.
"Victoria, you're coming with us-whether you want to or not!" He moved to grab her, but Victoria jumped onto the vines that were now twisting upward, lifting her into the air. They spread like wildfire, climbing the stone walls, seeking their prey. "VICTORIA!" "Who said we didn't have an army, my lord?" she called down to him with a half-smile. All her wounds healed. Hauntingly beautiful.
"Pm going to show you the army I created for you." Dracomir and Alan watched her raise her arms and speak with ---- a voice from beyond the grave-it chilled every hair on their bodies. Those vines went wild, tearing through the square's ground and beyond. They carved holes and craters, dark passages that revealed movement deep below. Dracomir didn't know what his incredible woman was planning, but she was definitely about to blow his mind again. Frederick also saw that cursed vampire's tricks.
Before she could ruin his rebellion, he roared to his " children": "KILL THEM ALL, LEAVE NO ONE ALIVE!" The wolf warriors stepped back, frightened of the beasts charging forward, hungry for blood, aiming for those four unlucky souls. But before the creatures could even get close, figures leapt from those holes-no, not men... they looked like corpses! 'Their high-pitched shrieks tore through souls, dragging out everyone's deepest fears. Pure terror.
---- Holding rusted weapons in their hands, they threw themselves at the fake lycans, who did bleed...and did die. "No... no, it can't be..." Frederick stepped back from his balcony on the tower. His mind couldn't process what his eyes were witnessing. "The... the general Hagen... and the... the Vampire Lord..." He began to tremble uncontrollably, just like in the past, when he had stood before them, merely a slave selling out his own kind to survive. No matter how many centuries had passed... the ghosts had returned, ready to claim their vengeance and expose his darkest secrets.
 Search Novels Here → 
###Chapter 1452
---- 259. A WOLF WITH A PURE HEART NARRATOR If Dracomir's jaw hadn't been so firmly attached to his skull, it would've dropped to the floor in shock. Through the cracks that shattered the entire ground and shook the fortress's foundations, some humanoid figures jumped out, screaming. "Dracomir... it's those degenerates!" Alan shouted too, stunned. 'They would never forget them, not even ina thousand years. So many emotions stirred inside his chest, rage took over...
until he realized they were just corpses. The heads that had been ripped off were now stitched back onto their shoulders with threads of fate. Undead, moved by some kind of powerful magic. The massive wolf looked up again at the woman high above. Standing tall, untamed, commanding with a guttural voice like a sinister symphony, the very men who had once made her life a living hell.
?I created an army for you? ---- That's what Victoria had told him, and both Dracomir's and Alan's chests swelled with pride. How many secrets did she keep hidden inside? His female was incredible, capable of setting him free, of being his shield and his sword. Capable of turning his worst fears, the enemies from his past, into warriors and slaves. Victoria lowered her gaze and looked at him through the smoke and chaos.
Her lips curled into that smile, full of wicked beauty and mischievous promise. "Goddess, I'm head over heels in love with that vampire," Alan confessed with a sigh that also carried the feelings of his human side. 'They needed to be close to her. He rushed forward, leaping through the thick vines that also slithered violently, attacking those beasts that had come out of nowhere. Ashe ran, Dracomir spotted them fighting in the outer circle formed by the undead.
---- Why did they look so much like his evolved form? Had they absorbed the same power as him? Faint memories returned to his mind as it began to awaken, after being set free: ?That time they were thrown to die in the bowels of the fortress after their failed rebellion, they were already at death's door. The vampires took pleasure in every torture, down to their victims' last breath. Once again, the Masters seemed unbeatable... always discovering their plans.
But thrown into the corner of the cave like a dog, bleeding, starving, dehydrated, about to take his last breath... Frederick appeared to save him. Dracomir had thought he died in the battle, but Frederick said he had accidentally fallen through a hidden passage and used the tunnels he and Draco's father had once dug. He believed him, of course he did. He had come to save him- why would he lie? Frederick carried him silently through the maze of tunnels ---- deep into the damp cave.
Passages Dracomir had never seen, ones he thought even the vampires didn't know about. His consciousness was slipping, heartbeats slowing as he clung to Frederick's back. The air underground grew dense and cold, until Dracomir started trembling as if convulsing in a snowstorm. He could barely see in front of him, only held together by the last threads of his wolf's vitality. Then he felt Frederick set him down beside a cold, solid . 'The aura was too aggressive, burning his skin.
He wanted to get away, but couldn't move a single muscle. "Dracomir, pray to the Moon Goddess and the Beast God to save you! You have a pure soul, they'll hear your plea!" Frederick's voice sounded far away, but with the desperation of a dying man, Dracomir clung to that last hope. He prayed in his heart like never before. Born a slave... he had seen such horrors, his mother's violent
 Search Novels Here → 
###Chapter 1453
---- death... he had no faith left. Still, he begged the Goddess... just a little mercy to finally die. He didn't know that Beast God, but he mentioned him too, just in case. His life had been so cruel... and finally, someone took pity on him. When his wolf spirit was fading, the bond almost broken, Dracomir felt it-energy surging through him. "Something" began to seep through his pores, rushing through his blood like currents of electricity that made him scream in pain.
A glowing light flashed in his sensitive eyes. The pain was unbearable, and his roars echoed through the frozen cavern. 'The massive magical crystal started to glow and vibrate, healing him... transforming him into something greater. Because only those noble of heart, the truly loyal like Khalum, could evolve from that special magic. ---- Dracomir never saw Frederick's greedy, jealous eyes... the man who wasn't even close to being worthy of this gift.
Draco's mind flooded with rage and vengeance. His body, naked and collapsed on the icy floor, on all fours, transformed into that savage, one-of-a-kind beast in this realm. How did Frederick find out about this magic? How did he know where to look and that only a worthy wolf could claim it the right way? So many questions Dracomir was never able to ask... because he forgot every important detail.
Because after freeing the enslaved werewolves and tearing down the vampire tyranny, he collapsed, exhausted and... defenseless. And when he woke up, he no longer had a metal shackle. Instead, there was a tattoo on his neck filled with enchantments and restrictions? But very soon, he would uncover the truth... and the priceless treasure his "daddy dearest" had stolen from the Vampire Lord. ---- A dangerous card... one he was about to play again ina desperate attempt to escape his punishment.
 Search Novels Here → 
###Chapter 1454
---- 260. THE FACE OF THE DAMNED NARRATOR "Damn it, no, no! Useless creatures!" Frederick roared as he watched his "children" being slaughtered. He hadn't been able to create many of them anyway-stealing that corrupted magic was incredibly hard, even by enslaving and controlling witches. Still, as strong as those beasts might have seemed, they had living hearts that could be ripped out. "T can't stay here..." he muttered, watching his defeat unfold, realizing that army would never die.
His eyes, burning with rage and envy, turned to Victoria. He should've captured her for himself. He got too confident, too naive, ignored the instincts, screaming that vampire was hiding her true powers. "Fucking bitch..." The resentment burned so deep it made his chest ache. ---- He looked down at the bodies of his daughter and his wife. He couldn't even go down to pick them up and give them a proper burial.
They had destroyed his family, and now he was being forced to run-but this wasn't over. Before they came for him, he turned and ran deep into the fortress. He knew every crevice like the back of his hand, and quickly disappeared into the hidden passageways, straight to his private chamber... where his ultimate weapon waited. The one he found bya stroke of luck. ?Many years ago, while digging a tunnel to escape, he broke through into an unknown room.
Dimly lit, with black candles burning ina strange atmosphere, and a wooden box resting in the center of the space, placed ona pedestal. He had barely squeezed through the small hole he opened. They'd been digging for what felt like forever without finding the damn exit from that prison. Frederick looked around, uneasy. He could swear this was far ---- from the Lords' wing, so what was this room? He felt like something had led him there.
The werewolf was about to leave and seal the tunnel when the old box began to vibrate. He looked toward the dark hallway leading to the main door, then back at the box. He could be caught at any moment. But taking the risk, Frederick stepped forward, pulled by curiosity... and something much more powerful. His fingers reached out slowly, and when he opened the lid, what he found inside left him speechless. Lying on a cushion of dark velvet was a grotesque mask.
It looked like it had been stitched together from scraps of women's faces, Some were young, others wrinkled... tattooed runes spread across each piece of skin, linking them. The lips were cracked and sewn shut with black thread, the eyelids sealed. Still, even without knowing a thing about magic, Frederick could feel it... the immense power that pulsed from this ---- strange mask. He leaned closer and closer, until he was nearly nose to nose with it... when those seemingly dead eyes flew open.
One was gray, like that of a nearly blind old woman. The other, black and bright, youthful, like the darkest night. His scream got stuck in his throat, his hand trembled as he almost shut the box-but those mismatched eyes screamed at him in silence. He sawit clearly in his mind... a vision of himself placing that living relic on his face after feeding it his blood. Frederick didn't know what took over him, but he did everything just like the vision had shown.
He slashed his wrist and let his blood drip over the sewn mouth. Like magic, the thick, filthy thread began to unravel, and that dark opening split wide. A disgusting tongue slipped out, desperate to taste, to speak, to tempt him. It offered him its powers in exchange for the freedom it so
 Search Novels Here → 
###Chapter 1455
---- desperately craved. Centuries of servitude... had been far too cruel. Frederick lifted "the face" with trembling hands, revulsed by the cold, sticky skin. The worst part came when he turned it over and saw the black, shriveled veins reaching out from inside the flesh. He nearly vomited on the spot-not to mention the stench of death that oozed from it. But his premonitions had kept him alive so far.
He knew exactly when to redirect General Hagen's attention to his friend's wife, so that bastard vampire wouldn't lay eyes on Aghata. He didn't hesitate to betray Dracomir's father when he was caught by one of the Lord's soldiers and cornered. He wasn't going to die playing the loyal friend. Yes, he wanted to escape slavery, but first he needed to stay alive... and protect his woman. But things got complicated. ---- His daughter was born...
and for the first time, he understood what it meant to be a real father. Then came the worst. Frederick found out one of the nobles had marked Celia to be his blood slave. He put himself in his former friend's shoes... the helplessness of knowing he couldn' protect his family. That's why this time, he truly was willing to rebel alongside Dracomir and escape the fortress.
Frederick used the "Face of the Damned" and learned where the Vampire Lord had drawn the power to rule over the most powerful fief in the realm. Through that relic that chained so many witches, he uncovered prophecies and forbidden spells. He was able to forge magic, even though he wasn't borna sorcerer. 'That first time, Frederick dropped to his knees, wanting to scream, to rip off the living mask that clung to his face.
The dried veins stabbed into his skin like needles and began sucking his blood greedily. ---- But then came the revelations... and the whispers of countless ghostly voices. 'They wanted freedom, something the Vampire Lord would never give them, so they turned to him. Inexchange, they'd make him the next Lord. All the secrets he knew, he owed to them. At least, the ones his mind could handle without shattering.
That's how he learned about the incredible power that had mysteriously appeared in one of the underground tunnels. He had to find it. Only a wolf with a pure heart could plead for the Gods' blessing. Then he could control that beast, deceive him, manipulate him into protecting his family. He would be the true master in the shadows. The witches' oracle had given him every step to follow... and he obeyed. He planned coldly, waited patiently, betrayed without blinking.
---- But this time, not only his own kind. He betrayed the Vampire Lord too, who never imagined that a cunning rat had snuck into the chamber of his greatest weapon. The Damned... no longer served him.?
 Search Novels Here → 
###Chapter 1456
---- 261. ONE LAST TRICK NARRATOR "That man is getting away, I can't let him escape!" Alan roared, raising his snout to catch a glimpse of Frederick's cloak as he retreated. The massive wolf had climbed to the top of the thorny vines, standing beside Victoria. He licked her cheek gently, and Draco told her to stay safe behind the army. "No, I'm going with you!" The vampire's red eyes glowed with determination.
"No, my love, that man is dangerous, he's full of tricks!" Dracomir didn't want to expose her. "Look at me, wolf, look at me!" She grabbed the soft fur at the sides of his cheeks. Alan's intense eyes stared at her with obsession. If something happened to his mate, he would die with her. "Pm not weak, little wolf. 'm a warrior like you, Alan. I will fight by your side, my Lord!" she growled, baring her fangs.
They had to admit Victoria had more balls than the warriors from her realm, who were now watching from the walls. From a distance, of course, so they wouldn't get caught in the ---- crossfire, "Fine, but stay close to me. And if anything happens..." "Nothing bad is going to happen." Victoria kissed the tip of his nose and wrapped her arms around his neck. "I promise... Pll protect you," she added with a faint smile on that sexy mouth. Alan was lovestruck.
He even felt like throwing himself on the ground, pretending to be hurt just to be "rescued" like a damsel. But sadly, this wasn't the time for romance. Every second could cost them dearly. "Then we're in your hands, my love," Dracomir replied, and Alan licked her neck, sniffing her, feeling how alive she was. They didn't care if they looked weak in front of anyone. Their woman was powerful, and the others could only envy their good luck.
Lowering his body, he surrendered to her and asked her to climb on his back. Gripping his fur with both hands, Victoria mounted her wolf and was lifted onto his broad back. ---- "General, you're leading the army!" she shouted to Rousse, who nodded from the rear line. Rousse stayed behind, swords in hand, ready to tear apart any enemy who slipped through the undead network. No one would touch the woman at his back.
The stench of rotting blood filled the air, and the shredded bodies of those mutated wolves began piling up. Years of effort from Frederick, so many men and witches sacrificed... all gone in under an hour. And the one responsible for his downfall was now riding her mate, heading down the wide hallways, chasing the trail of that traitor. "He must be in those secret dungeons, we have to go to the old wing!" Victoria remembered the passages.
"No, Alan smells him nearby, in his room!" "He went to his room?" Victoria was confused. Why wouldn't he flee, knowing he was about to be captured? "Jump now, Victoria, follow us inside! NO ARGUMENTS!" ---- Before she could protest, the direct order hit her. Rolling her eyes, she swung her leg over and leapt forward as Alan stormed into the room of the man he once considered "his father." Victoria saw him stop at the threshold, and she moved forward too, ready for battle.
Ready for that twisted old man's next trick. And Frederick... did not disappoint. 'They found him standing, staring out the large window, his back to them. The room was a mess, wrecked from what looked like a fit of rage. Victoria's eyes landed on an old box thrown to the side. The runes carved into the wood didn't bode well; they looked way too much like necromancy runes used by her father. When Alan moved to attack, she stopped him by putting a hand in front of him. "Be careful.
He's up to something." She warned him, and just then Frederick began to speak. Only, his voice sounded... off. Sometimes it was his, sometimes like a raspy woman, ora hysterical young girl. "You only had to do one thing, just one damn thing..." he said without turning around.
 Search Novels Here → 
###Chapter 1457
---- "Be my loyal dog, take care of the boring paperwork, sweat your ass off patrolling the borders, and intimidate the other realms with the power I gave you... THE POWER I GAVE YOU!" The scream made the window panes shake, a blend of many voices at once. "Twas warned about a threat from another land. But I never imagined it would come disguised as a vampire slut... HOW DARE YOU KILL MY FAMILY?!" When Frederick turned, Victoria and Alan took a step back, disgusted and on alert.
Holy Goddess, what was that thing on his face... what was he turning into? Victoria had seen grotesque things before, but her father had never created a creature this... broken. It was a sacrilege. So much pain, so many souls bound into one cursed relic. Frederick began to laugh ina spine-chilling way and took a few steps toward them, hunched, limping, like his body didn't even belong to him anymore.
"Don't come any closer because I don't care what trick you ---- pull, this is where it ends." Dracomir's voice rang out in their minds, strong and clear. There were so many questions he could have asked him, so many past uncertainties. But what for? It was more than clear now... he had always been the traitor in the shadows. He had imprisoned his wolf's spirit because it was his instinct -his nose that could sniff out lies, question everything.
Were his advantages born from that weird spell he wore? It no longer mattered. He just wanted him dead. "Take off that mask. Surrender or do you want to make another pact with me too? Who are you going to sacrifice this time, you damn scum?" Dracomir growled through his teeth, buying time for his executioners to arrive. Victoria had summoned General Hagen and the Vampire Lord to this room. "Ungrateful little bastard, you'll pay in blood for the lives of ---- my people.
I'll do worse to you than what they did to your whore of a mother." "Don't you dare speak about my parents, you sick freak!" Alan nearly leapt on him again, but the twisted man just laughed mockingly. "Tt doesn't matter if you broke free from my chain. You'll always bea fool. Nothing's over, 'little son.' Everything is about to begin. Enjoy your fortress while you can." Frederick's response came with a quick motion.
His fingers closed again around the amulet on his neck, and the black eye of that witch spun wildly. Like a marble bouncing inside its socket. The bloodstained lips opened to recite dark words, and the tongue slithered like a snake inside the mouth. Something happened so fast they had no time to react. "Get back, Victoria!" Dracomir shouted just as Alan lunged to bite her dress and pull her away.
 Search Novels Here → 
###Chapter 1458
---- 262. IF MY FAMILY WERE HERE... NARRATOR The entire room vibrated, and the air distorted from the violence of the fluctuating energies. Every pane of glass shattered at once with a deafening crash, followed by a blinding white light that forced Alan and Victoria to shut their eyes. They were thrown backward, landing flat on the rug from the shockwave. "Catch him, damn it!"' was the last order Victoria managed to shout as dead hands appeared under Frederick's ankles.
Alan threw himself over her to shield her with his own body. He growled when sharp blades of wind sliced across his back, but he never stopped protecting the precious treasure beneath his belly. The entire castle began to tremble from its very foundations. It was like a powerful magic had been ripped from its core- and that's exactly what had happened. ---- When the danger finally passed, the massive wolf stood up and stepped off his mate.
He licked her with worry, and it was he who had ended up injured. "Little wolf, are you okay? Draco?" Victoria was anxious because of the scent of his blood. "Just a few cuts. What's more important... where's that man with more lives than a cat?" He had escaped punishment... again. 'The undead hands still clawed at the air, their bony fingers closing around nothing. The room was saturated with a lingering white mist. But as it cleared, only wreckage remained.
One side of the ceiling had collapsed, revealing the room above. Cracked walls and chunks of rock were scattered everywhere, But no sign of the traitor or his mask of horrors. "He got away," Dracomir growled through his teeth. ---- Once again, he had failed. He felt so damn stupid. And there was still more bad news. Even though outside, Rousse was roaring in victory over the beasts and had regained control of the realm, Frederick had taken the power crystal with him.
When they descended through the secret tunnels, they found nothing but empty cages and a circle of dead witches. Their bodies lay in pools of blood, as if they had suddenly exploded. "Looks like he controlled them the same way he controlled me." Dracomir saw the marks on their necks and arms. Restriction spells. Damn it all, right under his nose. How could he have been so blind? "Now we have a maniac on the loose with knowledge of black magic and access to a dangerous power source...
this is a disaster." Victoria lowered her head and sighed. The image of her ---- parents and her people flashed in her mind. "Tf my family were here, everything would be so much easier. I was planning to use the power of that crystal to see if it could help me return." She pinched the bridge of her nose, thinking aloud. "Between the Selenias and those two twisted lunatics, even your world was in danger.
Goddess, how can I find a portal?" She murmured, but Dracomir heard her loud and clear, and he wasn't stupid. He had already suspected a lot about Victoria's origin, and hearing her talk about "going back," "another world"... all translated to one thing: she was going to leave him. "No, you're not leaving me! You're not going anywhere!" He shifted on the spot, forcing the transformation. Victoria suddenly had a huge, naked man wrapped around her, almost crushing her. Dracomir's heart pounded beneath her ear, consumed by panic.
 Search Novels Here → 
###Chapter 1459
---- "T'm not going anywhere without my mate," Victoria kissed his sweat-damp chest and caressed his back to calm him. His muscles were hard and tense under her touch. "T think it's time to reveal the whole truth, my beloved Lord. You need to know where I come from and the origin of my family." She raised her head to face those intense hazel eyes, drawn. tight with concern. She began to explain briefly. They needed to plan what to do next. The danger wasn't over.
They were sure Frederick would head to the other werewolf realm to tempt the Lord. He was a master manipulator and deceiver. "Can your family really do all that?" Draco asked, thinking she might be exaggerating a little, maybe out of pride. He had witnessed Victoria's incredible power, and she said she wasn't even the strongest among them. ---- "You have no idea, my love. My family is a walking mass destruction weapon with no warning label." Victoria huffed and curled her lips.
She could see the disbelief in Dracomir's eyes. He had no idea how close he was to seeing her words proven true, and how easy it was for them to eliminate an enemy everyone thought was a threat. "A little old man with a chatty mask?" Piece of cake. Not even the oracle of the Damned saw that disaster coming. Then came the real problem... deciding who to send to the enemy realm without wiping out the entire kingdom in the attack. Silas or Laziel? Mmm... Too dangerous and too unpredictable.
Everyone demanded justice and fun... for Victoria. Zarek and Dracomir were definitely going, of course, but that spicy soup still needed more ingredients. The decision came down to an epic card game and, of course... ---- Drakkar went to recover the missing piece of his mischievous little heart.
 Search Novels Here → 
###Chapter 1460
---- 263. THE TEMPTATION OF POWER VICTORIA My heart broke at the sight of Meridiana crying over the bodies of her witch sisters. It didn't look like they treated her very well, but she grew up with them. At least one "good" thing about not having sight was being spared such a macabre scene. That damn man seemed to have used the same power from this coven to teleport himself with the crystal.
"Baby, we're going to get it back, my love, don't cry anymore ? Rousse's words whispered comfort to her. They had each other, and that brought me peace. I stood to the side, but I needed to be with Draco. Iwas worried about his reaction when he saw his old enemies up close, now that the urgency had passed. "That's why I had my teacher's spell. That... that...!" she ---- exclaimed, breathing hard. She couldn't find the curse words, imagine that sweet mouth trying to swear.
"Son of a bitch, bastard, scumbag, and degenerate! Want me to add a few more?" I jumped in, eager to vent myself. "No, thanks for the... adjective dictionary." Rousse raised a brow at me and hid her against his chest. His huge hands covered her ears like she was an innocent child. Iwondered if Meridiana was truly that innocent, because whatever she was injecting into the general, it was working. He was looking more... alive, no matter how hard he tried to hide it.
That creepy mask of his was starting to slip. "You're welcome for the adjectives," I sighed, trying to cheer her up. "Don't worry, we won't give up." Tassured her because we couldn't let that man keep amassing power with that cursed face. ---- From the descriptions I gave Meridiana, it seemed the black eye belonged to her teacher. He'd been replacing patches, or adding them-I didn't know how it worked-only that it was a box full of surprises with hundreds of stolen spells inside.
"They were tricked, surely lured in by promises of the crystal's energy, and then controlled to work for his benefit." That's what Meridiana told Rousse, and it was exactly what I feared. Power is something that corrupts souls, and Frederick knows that very well. Where did he go? Who would he tempt now with that magic? We thought he'd run off to another werewolf realm... but that wasn't the case. seo IOK Tleft Rousse in charge of giving those poor women what was left of them a proper burial.
When I stepped outside, soldiers were cleaning up the battlefield, it was a mess. ---- They should be thankful it wasn't them lying dead. Dracomir would have to do some purging in his ranks. My steps led me to one of the many training grounds where Rousse had stationed our army. Iknew I'd find my mate there, and I did. Standing, facing the undead brothers who had made his life a living hell. The tension in his muscles and his clenched fists gave him away.
"can send their spirits back to where I took them from... ''m. sorry, my love, I thought... you'd be pleased to see them like this." Tran my hands over his tense shoulders, caressing him over the dark tunic he was wearing. Asigh left his lips, and he turned to wrap me ina delicious bear hug. Talways felt so small pressed into his chest. I hugged his waist and breathed in his wild scent that warmed my heart.
 Search Novels Here → 
###Chapter 1461
---- "T never thought I'd see them again, and even less that they'd fight for me. I'm just a little... shaken." His voice was hoarse above my head, his lips brushing my hair softly. I turned my gaze toward those lifeless faces, those eyes without will. They were at the basic level, mere slaves, no chance of regaining consciousness or habits from their past lives, and I wouldn't allow it. "They' Il never be able to rest, not after what they did to you.
'They'1l live in servitude forever, only for you. I'll transfer the spell to your name..." "No." He shook his head firmly, taking my chin and making me look at him. "You control them. You keep them, here, with me, or wherever you go... but with me, Victoria." His words rang dominant, his pupils flashing with possessiveness. "1m not going anywhere you're not, my mate. But Dracomir, Ihave to find a way back to my family. My parents must be ---- worried.
I miss them..." felt the moisture welling in my eyes thinking of my mom, worried, not eating or sleeping. My father desperately searching for me across countless worlds. I didn't even know what had happened to the other kids. What if something bad happened to them? "We'll find them, my love, I swear. And if it depends on the power Frederick stole, we'll take it from him." He promised, hugging me again, both of us sighing in love as we looked at those fallen enemies.
There's no greater pleasure than victory. I guess that's why my father named me that. Although with Frederick's escape, it didn't really feel like a triumph. Dracomir thought the same. "T want that traitor here, beside these dogs, and for them to be his executioners every second of his existence, just as he pointed us out to die." ---- His words dripped with resentment and hatred, and it was no wonder. I thought again about those rapist triplets.
Torturing them crossed my mind, but that would only add more pain for Dracomir to see, so better to let it go. "1m going to order them to move to the realm gates to deter any threats, because remember that envoy that was killed," I suggested. "yes, do that," he agreed, and I told him the command words, the spell to order them in my name. "When you mark me, the bond will be tighter," I said, watching those ragged vampires march away. "You have no idea how badly I want to make you mine, Victoria.
I'm so sorry, my love... I regret that moment when I didn't defend you, when I almost forgot you... Ilet them hurt you..." "It's alright, my male. You fought against something that seemed impossible, and all for our love," I cupped his cheeks and made him look at me. His eyes were tormented yet sincere. ---- "You see, I also had an ace up my sleeve. I'm not that weak." "And what an ace..." he smiled sadly. "You didn't have the confidence to tell me the truth, did you?"
 Search Novels Here → 
###Chapter 1462
---- 264. I LOVE YOUR SADISTIC SIDE VICTORIA His gaze darkened, thinking again about that bastard Frederick and how he had controlled him. "I trusted our love, our bond, and I knew you'd eventually wake up to save me." I rose on my tiptoes and kissed him passionately on the lips, feeling his eager hands squeeze at my waist I didn't want him to spend his whole life full of regrets.
"Besides, if you'd let them burn me alive, I would've crushed your 'nuts' afterward," I whispered against his mouth, sliding my hand down to grope his package. A snort came with the hint of a sexy smile. "I feel like cutting my own dick off for being such an idiot." He pinched the bridge of his nose in frustration. "But fine, we'll get out of this." We kissed a little more, briefly. There was too much to organize. We walked out to the courtyard, holding hands.
Then a warrior approached and handed the Lord a report. ---- "A report from my Beta," he explained that the man had stayed outside in case of a surprise attack. He was protecting himself from the other realm, and his greatest enemy was sleeping right next to him. "Looks like your vampire friends intercepted my traitorous warriors and servants as they were escaping through the sewers." He raised a brow at my smug expression, "See how they can be useful to you?
They're earning their place in your pack," I told him, enjoying getting my way. At least Marius hadn't let me down... or so I foolishly thought. But what a surprise I got when we rode out to inspect the surroundings and the so-called vampire representative was nowhere to be found. "Miss Victoria, that traitor left with his people, and we saw them carrying a woman. I think you left her in his care..." "What?!" I roared in fury at the vampire speaking to me. They stepped back, trembling.
Then I realized it was true-none of the vampires close to Marius were present. ---- Beneath the sewers, the vampires also had group divisions. "Tell me everything you know, and you'd better not lie to me!" I raised my voice in the street, staring at their dirty, frightened faces. But I also saw red glimmer in some pupils. I remembered that the restrictions had ended with the massive death of the witches. The spell that had controlled their vampire powers was gone, but they were still weak.
Years without proper feeding had drained their strength, yet Marius had taken full advantage of his. "I'm risking myself here, standing up for you in front of the Lord to get you a better life!" I pointed to Dracomir behind me, standing in an intimidating posture. He put terror into their very bones. Their heads lowered, and some murmurs came from the back. "Whatever you know about Marius's plans, about Edgar, whatever you're hiding from me, speak now!" "I... Lean tell you," a female voice murmured from the crowd.
 Search Novels Here → 
###Chapter 1463
---- She stepped forward, and I saw it was one of the elders who had been with Marius's group "That... that bastard murdered my daughter and turned her into something horrible... his mate. Sophie was his mate, I... I'm her mother..." she clutched her chest, sobbing. "Take her to one of the tents near the wall," Dracomir ordered, and I followed to learn the dirty little secrets of my dear friend Marius. 'eho "So he had his eye on me from the start," I huffed angrily.
The woman nodded, sitting on the chair, wiping her tears with a handkerchief. "That's why Sophie was so jealous. He forced us to lie to you. He denied her because he wanted to win you over. He bought us, promising that your union would bring us advantages." "That bastard wishes," Dracomir's growl from the tent entrance made her jump in her seat.
"Calm down and tell me, where did they take the sorceress I left in your care?" What I regretted most was that-how trusting I had been with ---- that girl's life. I had failed Meridiana We learned about Marius's aristocratic past. I think he had more airs of grandeur than anything else. Dracomir didn't even remember him, and he had been born in the fortress. "He's going to offer the vampire Lord that magic to revive the dead," she confessed. "I saw it...
I saw him do it to my poor girl, who only wanted his love... That's why I escaped from them, or I'd be next." I didn't fully believe her good intentions, but she told us what we needed to know, and we'd keep her under watch. At the slightest slip, I'd personally wring her neck, just like I planned to do with Marius and all the rest. When the woman finally left, I was alone with a lycan staring at me in judgment. "What?
Don't you dare get jealous, or did you forget how badly you treated me at the beginning?" I pointed at him with one finger and put the other hand on my hip. His little tantrum deflated instantly, with nothing to argue in his ---- defense. Good thing he didn't find out about that stolen kiss, or he'd be unbearable. "'m going to send men to chase down your lover," he clicked his tongue, tangling himself around me like an octopus and sniffing between my breasts. Possessive wolf.
"The last thing we need is for my kind to attack us now, along with an army of undead vampire enemies. How could you even think of showing something so important to that idiot?!" He glared at me in rage, but a sly smile slipped from my lips. "Who said I showed him all my tricks?" I stretched my fingers to caress his strong jaw. "Lonly wanted him to do the labor work, and in the end, he wasn't even good for that." I huffed, my eyes flashing dangerously. No one made a fool of me like that.
"I have to rescue that girl. I owe it to Meridiana. So let's get everything ready, my Lord..." "Victoria, no, it's not safe to leave the realm. I don't know where ---- Frederick went, and an army of wolves is prowling out there..." Dracomir's hands tightened even more on my waist. "Relax, baby, who said I need to leave?" I straightened to lick his neck, feeling him swallow. "To anywhere in this realm where there are undead created with my family's seal...
my control reaches them." The gleam in Dracomir's eyes grew brighter and more sadistic I love that my mate can be a bloodthirsty killer when he wants to be. That night... we would make love after finishing off our enemies. sob Sitting in the middle of a circle of cursed runes, when the moon rose and darkness flooded the room, I closed my eyes, focused. I aimed my consciousness at finding the black threads that bound me to those souls. Marius himself had created his stalkers, and the mate he had despised would be the dagger I used to stab him.
 Search Novels Here → 
###Chapter 1464
---- 265. A SCORNED MATE MARIUS "Ah, ah, ah..." The woman's rhythmic moans against the tree were getting on my nerves. She'd followed me when I went off to take a piss, flirting with that easy smile and those tits almost spilling out of her neckline. I was about to tell her no when her hands groped my cock, but when I turned, the brown color of her hair was what pulled me in.
I don't even know what her face looks like, just that now I'm pounding into her pussy with a steady rhythm, one hand gripping her hip and the other buried in that thick brown hair. "Shut the fuck up already and moan inward!" I snarled at her, pissed off because those screechy sounds were making my cock go soft. It didn't sound like her, and it killed the illusion in my head. " Victoria" was braced against the trunk, leaning forward, arching her ass and back while I fucked her hard.
My hips slammed faster and faster. The sound of my thighs ---- smacking hers set the frantic rhythm of this quick fuck "Sshh... you don't like it rough, huh?... Mn... I can fuck you like a beast too, baby... sshh... Is this how you like it, you fucking slut?!" "Ahhh!" Her moans grew louder with my roughness, but this time nothing was going to break my damn fantasy. I grabbed a fistful of her hair, yanking her head back while my other hand kept her waist under control.
My balls swung heavier and tighter, throbbing for release. "Ssshh... ahh..." I tilted my head back, eyes closed, bending my knees and driving into that hot pussy over and over. "You're mine, only mine, Victoria. You're the only one worthy of a man like me." A high-pitched cry came from her; maybe she came, I don't know, and I didn't care. I pulled my cock out, exploding with pleasure, and slid the foreskin roughly to keep the friction going.
Looking down, I saw thick white ropes shoot out and land between her ass cheeks. As turned on as I was, I wasn't about to cum inside this bitch and risk some pregnancy talk later. I panted with growls of ecstasy; my fangs throbbed with hunger, but after losing my mate bond, all blood tasted bitter. I just hope ---- this effect isn't permanent. Too bad Sophie didn't end up acting like she should. I can't stand jealous, toxic women.
"You can get up now." I wiped myself with a handkerchief, tucking my cock back into my pants. Suddenly, something put me on alert. Too much silence around me, even the woman wasn't saying anything. I looked up to see her slumped against the tree, but a streak of blood stained the bark, dripping from a wound on her head. I stepped back, senses spreading out. I'd been so deep in my fantasy that I'd mistaken a scream of panic for an orgasm.
 Search Novels Here → 
###Chapter 1465
---- Then I saw her, stepping out from the darkness behind the tree, red eyes locked on me. "Sophie, what are you doing here? Why did you act on your own?" I pointed at the woman still in that ridiculous position, my cum running down her ass. Sophie didn't answer, just moved forward like a ghost, one hand's claws dripping with blood. The other was suspiciously hidden behind her back. "lL ordered you to watch the road to the vampires' stronghold!
---- Leave!" I barked, dominant, but she didn't obey. There was something in her gaze setting off every alarm I had. When I killed her to turn her into an obedient woman, she'd looked more... dead. And it had taken me hell and several failed tries to do it. The energy that blind witch had given me was running out, and it was damn hard to bring back the dead the way Victoria did.
"LAM YOUR MASTER, OBEY, SOPHIE!" I roared in the middle of the clearing, moonlight filtering through the branches, painting the scene in light and shadow. "How could you kill me?" Her mouth opened, that voice from the grave spilling pure hatred. "Me, your mate!" Her face twisted in rage. I didn't know what to say, just kept ordering her to leave, but she kept accusing me, closing the distance. "You have to obey me!
Damn it, you're supposed to be my slave now!" "Your slave?" She raised a brow, the withered skin stretching like crumpled paper. She started laughing, that rusty sound like unoiled hinges, ---- "I created you, you're my undead..." "That's why you can't toss some dogs even a bone..." She shook her head, tongue-clicking in mockery. Those gestures... that expression... My whole back tensed at the calm shift in her voice. The tone didn't sound like Sophie anymore, but more like her...
With her gaze lowered, she pulled a knife from behind her back, twirling it between her fingers. Premeditated, coldly calculated. This is definitely not my ex-mate. "Vic... VICTORIA?!"
 Search Novels Here → 
###Chapter 1466
---- 266. ALOYAL LACKEY MARIUS "Well, well... So your neurons work for more than just stealing and betraying." She suddenly looked up, and I could see that all- too-familiar shade of red. "Ho... how is that possible?" A tree behind me stopped my retreat. "Did you really think I'd give you a weapon without a safety? A power developed by my father over millennia, only to be used by a traitor like you." She gripped the dagger tightly in her closed fist.
Only a few meters separated us, and I feared the worst. I admit fear took over my soul, knowing that Victoria was controlling her. "You talk about deceit, but you were the first to lie to me, to give me hope only to roll around with that beast. You deceived me until the very last moment!" I roared back, outrage and a storm of emotions raging in my chest. "Oh, drop the heartbroken man act, please. I'm controlling the woman you murdered with your own hands!
You sacrificed your own mate, and the Goddess does not forgive that!" ---- She shouted at me with a blend of several voices, and now I could see more of Sophie in her. Without waiting for my death, when she lunged at me, I turned and began to run. I couldn't fight something that was already dead, much less under Victoria's control. I had been a fool to think she'd hand over this power to me; she was always one step ahead.
I dove into the forest at full speed, and without the magical restraints, with some of the power I'd been given, I managed to put some distance between us. But not enough. A roar behind me and the chill of death breathing down my neck made me turn and defend myself. I hissed in pain when the blade slashed my hand. Even so, I grabbed Sophie's arms. She looked like a deranged, broken doll, screaming deafeningly and disorienting me.
The gruesome scene, the macabre stage for my death: She had a strength she'd never possessed before, speed and skill in combat. Sophie had never been a warrior, had never trained; all of this was driven by Victoria's control. Every time I tried to get away, she was on me, my body riddled with stab wounds. I was losing blood and speed, panting heavily, my mind fighting to find a way out. I refused to die like this. ---- I fell to the ground and crawled backward, watching her in slow motion.
That lunatic leapt with the knife raised high. Moonlight glinted off the blade... It was my end. "SOPHIE, IT'S ME, STOP!" I shouted one last time, but it only made her insult me with more hatred. Just inches from my throat and about to kill me, the attack shifted, and the knife sank into my shoulder. Someone roared and had thrown a massive rock from the side, knocking her into a thorn bush.
 Search Novels Here → 
###Chapter 1467
---- She struggled in the tangle. "Quick, Marius, let's get out of here!" I reacted at the sound of Edgar's shout, the good servant who had arrived just in time. I got up with his help, and we started running. But something told me we wouldn't get far. I clutched the worst wound in my stomach, sweating cold, my vision blurring. "Where are you going?! Let's get back to camp for help!" I yelled when I saw him take a different path. "Are you insane?!
I barely made it out alive; those undead you created rebelled, like Sophie, and were killing everyone. I barely managed to get that girl out." ---- Of course. How hadn't I thought of that? That damned Victoria had played me until the last second, but something in Edgar's words didn't sit right. In fact, I didn't even know what he was doing here when he was supposed to go to the vampires' stronghold to deliver a message for me.
It seemed he had already returned when he found the massacre at our camp. I had wanted to join the vampire stronghold, to tempt them with the power to raise the dead, although now... that card was useless to me. "What girl... are you talking about?" I panted as we ran, stumbling over roots in my path. "That sorceress! Taking her nearly cost me my life. She's over there!" And yes, I noticed he was also injured, though in better shape than me.
He pointed ahead, where the trees opened to a clearing, and there the girl sat against a tree. She struggled to stand and, I suppose, to escape, but she was still too weak. "Grab her, and let's run to the vampires' walls! They agreed to ---- hear us; it's the only way we can escape those undead." Edgar shouted, and we both rushed to hold her by the arms. I clenched my teeth as I lifted her onto his back. "Let... me...
go..." "Shut up!" I slapped her with all the fury I felt to silence her mumbling. My ear twitched, and terror gripped my heart. They were chasing us. "Go, go!" I roared, and we ran once more, fleeing from death.
 Search Novels Here → 
###Chapter 1468
---- 267. THIS TIME, I WILL BE THE PROTAGONIST MARIUS Since we took advantage of the fight in the werewolf stronghold to escape, we hadn't stopped. We kept moving until nightfall toward the vampires' stronghold, where we set up camp nearby My plans had been very clear, but now everything had gone to hell. Even so, we still had a sorceress to deliver and plenty of lies to sell, because honestly, a dying witch wasn't much of a prize.
But this girl knew the secrets of that mysterious crystal and who knew what other useful things. However, running blindly, we ended up face-to-face with the slopes of some mountains. "We got off the path to the vampires, damn it, Edgar, there's no time!" My words came out in bursts. I looked over my shoulder and thought I could see dead eyes emerging from the darkness. We were caught between the forest and the rocky wall ---- "A cave!
I think I see a hole there...!" Edgar nodded toward a narrow spot. We didn't even know if we could fit through that tight passage, but we had no other choice. "I have to put her down, I can't get through carrying her!" "Do whatever the hell you want!" I fought to push my way first into the dark gap between the mountains. The air was so thick it was almost impossible to breathe; I could barely see in front of me.
"Wait, Marius!" Edgar shouted behind me, but I wasn't about to stick around to be stabbed by my undead ex. Still, the rocky walls gave the unpleasant sensation of closing in. So narrow I could barely squeeze through. I started to fear I'd get stuck in this passage and become easy prey, The dead behind me, the obstacle ahead... I hesitated only for a second in my desperation, but Edgar let out a shout that made me fear the worst. It wasn't the ghosts, though. It was that sorceress who did something.
 Search Novels Here → 
###Chapter 1469
---- "Ahhh, you damned wretch!" My servant shouted, and I heard a struggle, then a heavy thud on the ground and footsteps. I couldn't even turn my head to look back. Chanted words spilled from the girl's mouth. It was as if she'd been injected with pure adrenaline at the brink of death, She recited incantations we didn't understand, but they sounded dark, and they seeped into the cave, penetrating the mountains.
Something trembled deep in the earth, and a strong gust of wind struck me in the face. "Get out, get out, the cave is going to collapse!" I started yelling at Edgar to clear my exit. I could already feel the rocks falling; waves of strange energy came from somewhere inside the cave. Danger. My whole body screamed it as the stones crashed down, blocking the exit, and I was forced to push myself deeper inside.
I felt my ribs crack as I squeezed through, and someone shoved ---- me hard from behind without mercy. Edgar's roar mixed with mine. Suddenly, the world shook violently, and a vortex seemed to suck us in from the cavern. Blinding lights burned my eyes, forcing them shut, and when we opened them again... we were no longer on our continent. It turned out the world was much bigger than Id imagined.
In these new lands, with new opportunities, I cannot fail This time, I will become someone important. 'eho NARRATOR (WE RETURN TO THE PRESENT WHERE VICTORIA SPEAKS WITH HER PARENTS) "The undead rescued that brave girl, who collapsed after the explosion of her power," Victoria told them as she recounted the end of her adventure.
Some of it she knew or guessed, many scenes she imagined, and others were narrated by "the universe." "The fact is, those two escaped, but I was able to stop them ---- from delivering her to the vampires," she said through clenched teeth, still angry about the event. "Drink some water, my love." Dracomir had filled a glass from the table and handed it to her. A scoff came from the sofa across from them, where Zarek was watching everything with critical eyes. Celine was sighing in relief.
Despite Victoria's recklessness, they had raised her to be a strong woman. Her hand drifted down to gently caress her belly; she had to share the good news with her little girl. "You don't have to worry about those men anymore. They crossed into where we were, and they were eliminated," Zarek assured her, to her surprise and joy. "Really? Whew... one less problem." Victoria leaned against her mate's strong shoulder. The death of Marius and his dog only brought her peace of mind.
"And what about the man who escaped with the crystal?" Zarek asked, frowning "We thought Frederick would ally himself with the other werewolf stronghold, but no... he went to tempt the vampires' stronghold... and he succeeded."
 Search Novels Here → 
###Chapter 1470
---- 268. YOU ARE PART OF MY FAMILY NARRATOR Victoria twisted her mouth as she gave her father the information. Because of the internal war on this damned continent, they hadn't been able to consummate their mark. The other werewolves were seeking an alliance with Dracomir because they needed information and feared Frederick's power. They no longer forced Draco to marry the daughter of the other Lord, but they also wouldn't accept a Luna vampire from the pack.
Dracomir couldn't fight both vampires and wolves as enemies at the same time, not even with Victoria's army. Even the undead had an expiration date if they took too many attacks. On top of that, Frederick was about to show up with one of his tricks; they couldn't waste time, they needed more allies. In the end, they still couldn't make Victoria's title official, purely for strategic reasons. ---- "That treacherous bastard went to the vampires?...
I don't understand." Zarek raised a questioning brow. "Frederick knows the Wolf Lord of the other stronghold is very distrustful; he would find out what he did here and be afraid Frederick could take his power," Dracomir explained his conclusions. "It's easier to tempt the vampires, especially now that they're desperate after seeing their allies fall from grace," he added.
"And you, from what I see, were taking a nap beside your enemy and could only snore with your legs stretched out." "Dad..." Victoria pleaded Dracomir didn't answer, though he wanted to tell him he wasn't sleeping with the enemy but with his daughter. And that instead of snoring, he had been busy making him a grandchild, but he decided to keep the axe buried only for Victoria and her charming mother's sake.
"Zarek, that's enough..." Celine's cold voice and sharp eyes calmed the prince's hostility. He still couldn't get that scene out of his head, the one where he'd found his daughter.
 Search Novels Here → 
###Chapter 1471
---- "Either way, we must find that crystal because it's very dangerous and it belongs to Lyra's mate..." "I've missed all the gossip! Tell me everything, everything..." Victoria brightened instantly at Celine's words. She had missed her family so much, the guys; she longed to see them. "They're already on their way and we'll coordinate to help them, but daughter, there's something we need to tell you." Victoria tensed at the change in atmosphere.
Her mother looked nervous and glanced at her partner. If Vicky hadn't seen the emotional sparkle in Zarek's eyes, she would have thought it was bad news. "Mom, what's going on?" Victoria stood, walking toward her. Celine also stood and gently took her hand. "Extend your senses." She placed her eldest daughter's palm on her still-lat stomach and let her explore inside her body. Behind Celine, warm hands embraced her shoulders and she leaned against her mate's chest. "You're...
You're pregnant, Mom, and I didn't even notice!" ---- Victoria shouted excitedly. "I'm going to be the big sister!" She made a fuss, but after a few seconds, her face turned to pure terror. "That's why... Dad said you could lose the baby. Oh no, it's my fault she's at risk...!" "No, daughter, calm down, Vicky; I'm fine, my girl. Now that you're here... everything's fine." Celine hugged her tightly, and both of them shed tears. At last, after the storm, came the calm.
Victoria's arms wrapped around her waist, and she buried herself in her chest like when she was a little girl. There's nothing warmer or safer than a mother's embrace. Celine swallowed the lump in her throat, stroking her hair. She gave thanks to the Goddess she had sometimes lost faith in, but who now had returned her daughter safely. The Goddess, in truth, hadn't done much, not that Victoria ever needed much divine help to cause trouble.
Zarek hugged them both, burying his face in Celine's neck, inhaling the scent that was home to him. ---- It didn't cross his mind, not for a second, to thank anyone other than his reckless and efficient sperm, which had fathered two beautiful princesses. Because yes, the next heir would be another female, and this time he would make sure to protect her better from perverted claws.
"Come, Dracomir, you are now part of our family." Celine lifted her gaze to look at him standing behind Victoria He looked a little uncomfortable, perhaps feeling out of place. But he needed to understand that when you committed yourself to a member of this family of invincible lunatics, you committed to all of them. And that blood-signed commitment... was forever.
 Search Novels Here → 
###Chapter 1472
---- 269. THE BEST ALLIES NARRATOR Zarek snorted when he saw him move in for the family hug and press himself up behind Victoria. "For being clingy you're pretty good, but you haven't even been able to mark my daughter... useless..." "I was about to when you interrupted us in the office," Dracomir's pupils shifted to wolf-like. Both of them stared at each other with the women caught in between.
The prince opened his mouth to speak, but a cough from Celine made him stay silent, lips sealed, Dracomir, for his part, got a crushing pinch to the thigh courtesy of his female. Still, Zarek's eyes promised murder in the shadows, maybe while acertain Lord slept... next to his daughter. A warning growl was all he got from Draco's wolf. The future looked like it was going to be... interesting and bloody.
eereed ---- While the women kept hugging and even picking out the name for the next baby girl, Zarek intercepted his unwanted son-in-law "Tell me, where did you send my general?" he asked without a shred of courtesy. He also helped himself to a bourbon he found in the liquor cabinet, acting like he owned the place.
"He went with his mate to a part of the forest to perform some ritual or something, for the soul of those witches." Dracomir sat in his favorite armchair by the fire, his eyes always on his female. She looked so happy, and he just prayed in his heart not to be abandoned now that she could return home. He was ready to give it all up for her; if they hadn't escaped this fortress, it was because, right now, it was the safest place in this sh*tty realm.
"Pour me a double," he practically ordered his father-in-law when he saw him lower the bottle. "You think I'm your damn maid?" Zarek protested, but still poured the drink and nearly threw it in his face He sat across from him by the fire, His gaze also turned toward his three treasures. ---- The living room door had opened and Lavinia walked in, smiling and joining the gossip. This cold fortress seemed to be filling with life.
"Answer me something and be completely honest," Dracomir's voice suddenly caught Zarek's attention. "I know you underestimate me, but believe me when I tell you we're not up against anything easy," he warned, his eyes flashing with the firelight. "I don't care about power or keeping a seat, I just want to protect her..." he nodded toward Victoria. "And despite our differences, we want the same thing.
Assure me I can tell the other wolf clan to go to hell because you can back me up." Dracomir asked through clenched teeth, more anxious than he wanted to show. That was something keeping him up at night: having to keep hiding his relationship with Victoria. Not proclaiming to the world that she was his mate, just to avoid losing the support of those idiots.
 Search Novels Here → 
###Chapter 1473
---- "Did you see the power contained in that fragment of tainted ---- crystal?" Zarek asked after a pause. Dracomir nodded, frowning It was the most powerful thing he'd ever seen, so much so that it had made him evolve into that untamable beast "Well, in a few minutes you'll meet its real owner, the one who can fully unleash its potential. And what fell here... was only a small piece." "There's... there's more of it? And its owner is coming?" Dracomir's voice came out rough and harsh.
He could hardly believe what he was hearing. That thing that had caused a revolution in his world was just a fragment? "Why waste breath, you'll see it all soon enough with your own eyes..." Dracomir realized Zarek didn't want to keep talking and was lost in thought. He sighed, leaning back in his seat and taking a sip of the bitter drink. Remembering that damn tattoo on his mate's groin. Who the hell gets their father's name there? His crazy female, who else?
---- He shot another sidelong glance at that vampire. The aura of his massive power seeped right through his aristocratic clothes. And seeing that superior, self-satisfied face made him feel like an idiot. Was Victoria's family really that incredible? Well, if she could pull off those feats and this was the man who had taught her, at least Dracomir trusted Zarek's power. sob For his part, the vampire prince had drifted off into his memories.
He had finally been able to relax after so much tension, and it turned out his daughter was having a wonderful time without them. Punishment would come later... for both of them. But hearing the women's laughter was music to his ears Dracomir's blood roared in his veins, and the footsteps of his own people were already at the fortress entrance. However, he was thinking about Rousse and how he would react when they saw each other again. ---- Of course he was happy for his friend's joy.
Rousse had been obsessed with regaining the love he lost. That was the main reason Zarek allowed the experiments with female corpses. But no one seemed to fit the fearsome general... at least not in his realm. And now, the vampire prince's worst fears were coming true. He didn't want to lose him, not again. Rousse was his best friend, the only voice that had accompanied him through millennia of dark imprisonment, and now... he remembered everything. Zarek knew it, after Victoria's account...
the general had unlocked the painful past he'd kept hidden from him. How would he look at him the next time they met? Maybe he would judge him again with those eyes full of hatred and resentment... like the last look he gave him as he died in his arms. Rousse had already felt his master's presence in this world too. Very soon... they would meet again.
 Search Novels Here → 
###Chapter 1474
---- 270. AWOMAN WHO KNOWS WHAT SHE WANTS MERIDIANA These days back in my original cabin, near my old clan, have brought back so many memories of my life. The death of all my sisters and my teacher taught me valuable things, but the most important ones: To forgive. Because I admit that deep down in my heart I hated many of them for treating me so badly and discriminating against me. I never wanted to hurt anyone. It's not my fault my magic was so. grim.
Even so, I buried that resentment with their bodies and made peace with my clan The other thing I learned is that life is too short to waste it on fears and insecurities. Rousse thinks he's the only one with something to lose, but from the beginning, I've also feared not being enough for him. That's why I'm not going to wait any longer. I know he respects me too much and always holds back, thinking he's pressuring me. ---- I've made my decision. I'm going to be brave like Victoria.
"These are the moments when I wish I could see myself." I clutch my hands to the skirt of my dress. I shift my thighs, feeling the friction of bare skin... I touch my neckline to check if I cut it low enough. "You're pretty... that's what he says. You can win your man..." I give myself a pep talk, pushing out the little chest I have, hoping it's enough Suddenly, I hear the door open and I flinch. His firm, confident steps move into the living room. He continues to the kitchen at the back. BAM!
Something lands heavily on the table, and I imagine he's found the prey he was hunting in the forest. "Come on, Meridiana, you can do this." I swallow the lump in my throat and steady the tremors in my fingers. I step out of the room before he comes looking for me. "My love, I found a wild boar. The meat's a little tough, but I'll set ---- aside the most tender fillets...
for you..." He starts talking excitedly, and by his tone I know he's facing away from me, but when he turns, I feel his breathing quicken. "We're off to a good start." "That's great, and are you okay? You didn't get hurt?"
 Search Novels Here → 
###Chapter 1475
---- I reach out my hands toward him and move forward. I know every inch of this house where I grew up. "Wait, baby, I'm dirty, and I see... I see you've bathed. I don't want to get you all bloody." "I'm just going to check if you have any wounds." He takes my hands, but I insist on touching him. My fingers slip through the opening of his shirt and caress his cool, delicious skin in this sweltering heat.
I trace the shape of his strong muscles with my fingertips, and they feel less rough now, more... natural I subtly reach his nipple and circle it, smiling inwardly at the stiffness of his body, his repressed tension under my advances. I always send my magic into him. I never thought anyone could enjoy it, crave it, and need it the way Rousse does. ---- I love feeling him vibrate under my touch. "My love... you're getting covered in blood..." he whispers hoarsely. "And you smell...
so good, and I smell like wild boar." "Pft." I can't help laughing at his words, and the rumble in his chest tells me he's smiling too. I've seen his smile through other people's eyes, through his own eyes, and it's beautiful. Everything about him is so sexy. "All right, go take a bath. I set up the small pool in the yard." I start pushing him, burning to set my plan in motion. "But... first 'Il cut it up..." "No, I already made dinner. I'll keep it.
Let's leave it for tomorrow." I push him straight into my trap. I hoped the neckline I left exposed would hypnotize him, and it worked. He closed the wooden door behind him, and I heard clearly the sigh he'd been holding in. My silly mate... when will he see me as a grown woman and not as a fragile little doll he can't touch without hurting? I guess this also has to do with his past. ---- After the accident during the fight, when I almost died, he's been even more overprotective of me.
hear the water and go to the room for his clothes, though he won't be wearing much if my plan works. I walk to the yard and open the gate of the wooden fence around the natural pool, giving him privacy. That's why I built my little house here-because of this outdoor bath. I grip the handle tightly, take one last breath, and step inside, closing it behind me. "Me... Meridiana, I... I was going for my clothes, you didn't have to From the splashing, I can picture him even covering himself...
silly. I wish I could see him. "I did have to, and besides... who said I only came to bring you your pants? Tums out I worked up a sweat storing the beast, I'm hot. Can't join you?" I leave the clothes on the bench as my steps move forward across the wooden platform.
 Search Novels Here → 
###Chapter 1476
---- 271. EVERYTHING IN ME BELONGS TO YOU MERIDIANA The evening breeze brushed over the skin I was baring. In front of his intense eyes, I began loosening the loose knots of my dress, feeling it slide down my body and bunch at my feet. I wore nothing underneath and stood naked before him, resisting the urge to cover myself, but I craved this. I didn't have to see him to know he desired me; his breathing quickened as if I'd truly taken his breath away. He swallowed and wet his lips.
He'd gone so still that even the water didn't ripple. I stepped out of the folds of the dress tangled at my small feet and moved toward the edge, showing him the body no other man had ever seen. "Aren't you... going to help me?" I whispered, heat rising up my neck. Standing at the entrance of the pool. The water finally splashed and Rousse's massive presence moved toward me. ---- His rough hands took mine and gently placed them on his shoulders.
I leaned forward to be touched, shivering when I felt the breath of his mouth against one of my nipples. Desire coursing through me, I was finally pulled to straddle his body. A small moan escaped me against his neck when my sex brushed against his toned abdomen. I had no doubt I was leaving a wet trail of my arousal. I loved Rousse, touching him, caressing him with my mouth, with my hands, his scent of melancholy was my favorite in the world.
He moved through the pool, holding me under my ass and sitting in a corner with me on top of him. When he positioned me straddling him, my open pussy rested over his hardness, already thick and ready to please me. "Mnnn," I moaned against him, wrapping myself around him I was a mess of shame and boldness The tingling between my legs was getting stronger. I wanted him to touch me there, to... fill me. ---- "Rousse..." "Meridiana, fuck, baby... not even the dead could handle this.
You're asking me to fuck you like a savage..." he growled in my ear, grabbing my ass and moving me over him. "Mmmnn, isn't it obvious that's what I want?" I ended up confessing, freezing afterward. My mind was so hot it hadn't filtered the filthy words that came out. I knew he was looking at me closely too "Rousse, I..." I took a breath and found courage. "How do I have to show you that I want you to take me?" I stroked his strong, square jaw. "I want to be yours...
I know you're afraid you won't stay hard, but I think... you'll do just fine." My voice started out confident and ended like a whisper. I must be like Victoria! "Make love to me, my man," I was determined and leaned in to kiss him, but his fingers caught my chin with firm, possessive strength.
 Search Novels Here → 
###Chapter 1477
---- "Ive given you every chance to think this through, even at the risk of looking like a fool," he began "and yes, I want you like crazy. You have no idea how much. I never thought I'd feel this way again, but Meridiana, this won't end with just satisfying you now... I..." He paused, and I could feel the conflict in him again.
"I won't let you go, woman, and you have no idea what it's like to have an obsessive dead man on your heels." "'m supposed to be scared..." "You're supposed to know that I'm immortal, that I'll live forever, and when the time comes, you'll join me for eternity and it'll just be the two of us. Do you understand?" Of course, I understood. "L will never be able to give you children. It doesn't matter that your magic has changed me, that you turn me on so much that even my cock gets hard.
But from here..." He took my hand and guided it under the water, making me grab that deliciously thick, hard length. I almost lost track of the seriousness of the conversation. ---- "No life will ever come from it, do you understand? I won't be able to give you children, and maybe that's fine for you now, but you're young. In the future you'll be surrounded by women who can, you'll see their pups, and I won't..." "And you're all I need." I silenced him with my free hand over his mouth.
"I was planning to die alone; at least now I have someone to share my solitude with. Did you really think I'd pass this curse on to another child?" "Meridiana..." "Rousse. I've made my decision and I will never take it back..." My hand under the water began to move up and down, stroking his cock from the tip to the base. No experience, just driven by the instinct to make him feel good. His sensual hisses came quickly.
"In fact, don't be so gentle with me, General, because I don't give you my magic for free, and it's about time you paid me what you owe..." I'm going to take control. This man belongs to me. ---- My mouth crashed onto his, following the command of my soul that had seen him with total clarity from the very first second ?Everything in me belongs to you, Rousse. Don't be afraid to love me... I will never abandon you.?
 Search Novels Here → 
###Chapter 1478
---- 272, MY MOST PERFECT GIFT ROUSSE I feel like all the injustice in my life has been erased with the gift of this beautiful female writhing on top of me. I can't stop touching her, my mouth devours her soft lips, drinking in her broken moans. I feel the heat of her open pussy massaging my cock with the unskilled movements of her hips riding me. My rough hands grope and knead her tense ass, moving her so she rubs faster, with a rhythm that has both of us burning hot.
I love the way her body vibrates, the sweet scent that comes from her pussy, the taste of her sweat, of her breasts that I'm devouring now. From the moment I saw her walking out of the room like a tempting little apple, I've only dreamed of eating her alive I open my mouth and suck on those puckered areolas, circling my tongue and giving soft taps all around. Mnnn, I take them fully into my mouth and suck while my female moans above my head.
---- Her small hands clutching my back and scratching my muscles are driving me insane. That virgin flower is begging to be deflowered, and I've given her every possible warning. I lift her onto my body and step out of the pool, feeling the water splash against the natural rocks. I walk forward with her clinging to me, heading into the house without stopping our kissing, our hunger I'm not going to take her like a savage in a quick, standing fuck, not for her first time... maybe later.
I plan to take advantage of her in every corner of this house. I lay her on her bed and straighten up, taking a second to look at her. Goddess of the supernatural, this time... I can only thank you for creating her for me. She pants with her hand over her mouth, her light hair spread out and damp like the droplets rolling over that perfect skin. My wicked eyes roam her face, those white-as-moon eyes looking straight into my soul.
That rosy blush covers her cheeks and neck, trailing down her ---- chest to her hard nipples, marked by my fingers and the bites of my mouth, I lick my lips and let my gaze slide down her stomach until my pupils lock on that open, pink little pussy. I swallow hard, remembering her blessed taste. Meridiana senses my depravity and shifts her legs slightly to close them. "Keep them open. Always open for your male," I command, dominant, and she obeys with a trembling that I'm sure isn't fear.
The gentleman is gone; she's about to meet the darker side of me, the one that's dying to fuck her like a beast in heat. I lean in and inhale her body with perverse pleasure, getting even harder from her little spasms and her quick breathing. My hands go to her thighs, caressing the inside as I slowly move up to that treasure that's been offered to me. My nose rests against her clit, and I inhale deeply, dipping lower, right into that small opening that smells like wild spring flowers.
The scent of her magic, her essence. "Sshh, fuck, baby... you're exquisite," my rough voice confesses as my tongue comes out to worship her.
 Search Novels Here → 
###Chapter 1479
---- I lick long strokes from her perineum to her clit, over and over. She moans and trembles, her juices soaking my tongue as I taste her. The tip of my tongue plays between those slippery lips, parting them so I can suck; I move to her clit and give it gentle attention. I catch it between my teeth, giving soft, delicious tugs before sucking it deep, while Meridiana melts on the bed. Her pussy throbs against my hungry mouth; I take my time tasting her, driving her wild.
My fingers part her flesh, opening her more, but I don't enter, I just tease, tracing and licking around. "Mnnn... please... my love, please..." My cock swells even more every time she calls me that; fuck, at this rate I think I really might cum. "Please what... Speak clearly... I only understand direct orders..." My voice is muffled against her sex, my predatory eyes looking at her over the rise of her mound.
Enjoying the wicked pleasure of teasing her, of making her want me at least a fraction of how much I crave her. ---- She's tense, sweating hard, her fists clenching over the checkered sheets I keep licking, circling her little hole, but without entering... "Inside... Rousse, put it inside... it stings... Mmmm... Ahh!" She screams in ecstasy and arches when she finally gets what we both want. I push my face between her legs and feast like it's the best damn meal of my life.
I move my head, sucking, wet and indecent sounds filling the room. My finger keeps circling her clit before sliding inside her. I move it until she adjusts, stretching her with patience. I'm preparing the way for my cock to soon be wrapped in all this burning heat... yes... sshhhh... I'm dying to mount her. I feel the exact moment my little witch explodes in a fiery orgasm, her magic bursting from her body, igniting every one of my dead cells. Her honey fills my mouth and slides down my throat.
My tongue moves like a serpent through those trembling folds. ---- Her thighs clamp against the sides of my head, and Meridiana's hand grips my hair, shoving me deeper with no room to breathe. I don't need to breathe anyway, and I devour her greedily, down to the very last drop. When I finally lift myself from between her legs, she's a beautiful mess on the bed. Eyes half-lidded, face smug with satisfaction. I smirk, falling even more in love by the second.
"Don't tell me you're tired now, baby, because the best part hasn't even started," I murmur, leaning down to lay over her and kiss her passionately. Even if the world ends today... this woman will be mine.
 Search Novels Here → 
###Chapter 1480
---- 273. MY REBIRTH ROUSSE As our lips tangled, I braced one elbow beside her head to hold myself up. Down below, my other hand was stroking my cock, up and down, savoring all the sensations only she could give me. The thick tip slid between her wet pussy lips, and my hips trembled forward-! couldn't hold back anymore... "Meridiana, I love you, I'm going to make you my woman.
I'll be your man and I'll take care of you, forever..." my mouth confessed against hers, parted in short, gasping breaths. I began pushing in slowly, feeling the small resistance of those tight folds. "Mnnn," she moaned into my mouth as I kissed her, caressing her hips, guiding her legs around my waist while I sank into the pleasure of life and lust. The muffled cry from Meridiana and the softer wetness soaking my tip told me I'd taken her virginity.
She belonged to me, was entirely mine, had chosen me. ---- I pushed slowly, with a smooth, sensual rhythm, gripping her hips. Pulling out and sliding back in with patience, drowning in the delicious sensations of that tight sheath. "Sshhh," I hissed, kissing her cheeks where a few tears rolled. I leaned to her ear to recite all my promises, my vows of unity with her while I made love to her and touched every part of her body.
I drove deeper with each thrust, her fluids the best lubricant for this blessed act. We both moaned when at last my balls pressed against her ass, buried to the hilt. My cock throbbed with pleasure every time I pulled almost all the way out and slid back inside her. "Mmmm, fuck, you feel so good, my love... ah, baby, so tight... does it hurt?... should I stop?" I panted, gripping her ass, digging my fingers into the tender flesh and rising to my knees over her. "No, no...
ah, ah, don't stop, Rousse... it doesn't hurt anymore... not anymore..." ---- Of course it didn't hurt-not when her low moans had long since turned to cries, and her pussy was opening like a flower, sucking in my whole cock. I looked down to see the streaks of white and red clinging to my length. Meridiana's magic was bursting from her body and flooding my veins like a cocktail of adrenaline and lust.
My cock was getting an intoxicating massage, dark energy included My hips sped up in sync with the squeaking of the bed. Damn, those tingles felt so fucking good. I raised my head, eyes half-closed, gazing at the ceiling; moonlight filtered through the gaps in the window, illuminating our silhouettes. My woman's cries were becoming wilder; lying over her young body, I thrust like a madman, driving her to orgasmic bliss. She dug her nails into my back, her legs clinging to my waist. That no-longer-virgin pussy quivered, shuddering in waves of ecstasy around my shaft.
 Search Novels Here → 
###Chapter 1481
---- The moan she gave in my ear, calling my name, was the sweetest music I'd ever heard. I sped up, prolonging her release, soaking in her juices as they dripped down my balls-those same balls tightening as if they were cumming too. The currents rushed down my abdomen, concentrating along my cock. "Aagrtr," I roared, trembling from head to toe. With my hips driving forward, burying myself as deep as I could, I fell into the illusion that I was emptying myself inside Meridiana.
Fuck, it felt like my seed was really spilling out and filling her. I knew it was impossible, but I focused on living this moment that belonged to us alone, pleasure without taboos. If she accepted me with all my flaws, I would no longer deny myself love. I wrapped her in my arms, pulling her close as I rolled to my side so I wouldn't crush her with my weight. I stroked her sweat-damp hair, trailed my hand down her spine, and hooked her leg over my hip.
---- My fascinated cock slipped out of her still-throbbing pussy, and I almost wanted to award the damn thing a medal. It had stayed strong to the very end, like a soldier finishing the mission with honors. For a while we stayed locked together, not an inch between us, savoring our consummation. "Did it hurt much, my love?" I asked in a guttural voice. "Just a little... at first, but then... then I liked it.
I was amused by Meridiana's different sides, like two personalities-one shy, the other pretending to be bold and flirty, though the red flush in her skin and her stammering betrayed her. "I know you liked it; those moans in my ear begging me to fuck you harder were pretty clear, don't you think?" "Rousse, don't be mean." she murmured against my skin, hiding even more.
I started laughing, burying my face in the crook of her neck and kissing it My chest was bursting with emotion, I felt so alive, so... "Are you really happy?" she asked, and I pulled back to see her ---- smile, her beautiful face; she was my greatest blessing. "Very happy, my love... you have no idea how much joy you've given me, Meridiana." I kissed her passionately and pulled her back against my chest, lying on our sides in bed.
I knew very well that if she'd been inside my mind all this time, she had probably seen my past and my tragic life. "Don't worry, I don't dwell on what happened." When I said that, I felt her stiffen and knew my suspicion was right. "That Rousse died that day, along with his memories and his grudges. This is a new Rousse, the one you've given hope back 'to, and in return, he's going to give you his new soul. Meridiana..." I lifted her chin, stroking it gently.
Her white eyes were clouded with tears. "When we get home, we're going to have a beautiful wedding ceremony. Marry me, my love, and be my female for all eternity I leaned in and kissed her with all the feelings she had awakened inme. Every promise I made in my heart to Meridiana, I always kept. ---- ?Prince Zarek, old friend... thank you for giving me the chance to be reborn and find her.? 1
 Search Novels Here → 
###Chapter 1482
---- 274. A PECULIAR FAMILY Narrator When his father-in-law told him to come outside, Dracomir followed, thinking they were going to fight or something like that. Victoria had taken her mother to rest in one of the main rooms. So here he was, standing on the ramparts, looking out at the wide valley and the forest beyond that marked the edge of their lands. What were they waiting for?
"Why are there still protections against vampires if the witches died?" Zarek suddenly asked him about the barrier he'd crossed when he arrived and caught them by surprise. Better not to remember it. If he could wash his eyes with acid, he would've done it already. "Meridiana activated the old runes her clan left here in the fortress; she's not as powerful as before, and they didn't affect the vampires inside," Dracomir answered, looking toward the forest.
---- "But they do wam us, at least when a vampire tries to access the fortress... although I see it didn't help much," he grimaced It hadn't been very pleasant for his father-in-law to find him eating his daughter's pussy. Worst part was the sudden drop in an erection that had been in full-on "eggplant" mode. "I'm not like the vampires who live in your realm, and I have magic too... no one in the family is normal." Zarek replied offhandedly, but his pupils narrowed on a point in the forest.
Dracomir looked that way as well. The wind kicked up in gusts; leaves in the distance thrashed violently. Something was coming fast. A black cloud began to roll across the sky; it didn't seem natural, it came loaded with evil voices and unpleasant sensations. Lightning seemed to dance inside it. The Lord's eyes went wide when giants appeared under the moonlight They burst out of the trees, making the ground rumble. ---- Four ferocious beasts, each worse than the last...
no, one in particular was colossal Damnit, it practically reached the top of the several-meter-high wall. "Those are some of the lycans in the family; only those four came forward because I told them there wasn't any danger," Zarek clarified. So there were more of them! "The biggest one... he's the owner of the magic that made you evolve.
The other white-furred lycan is the one who froze him with his ice magic, that's why he looks like crystal." Every bit of news Dracomir heard was more unbelievable than the last. With an earthshaking roar, Khalum lifted his muzzle and howled to the skies, waking the entire pack. The fortress shook from its foundations, and the Lord's heart began to pound hard. He could feel the call of the wolf at the very top of the food chain. This... this was true power.
He'd thought he was the only one of ---- that wild kind Witch masks? Please. Frederick was going to shit his pants. The massive cloud, with strange shapes moving inside it, followed close behind, floating over them like a shadow of death. By the time Zarek and he came down from the ramparts and he ordered the great gates opened, it wasn't beasts who passed through, but several tall, brawny men, packed with muscle, each one more powerful than the last.
The guards looked at one another, still fear in their hearts. When they told the others, people would think they were hallucinating or drunk. For a moment they wondered if this was another of Mr. Fenir's experiments, one far more dangerous than the previous one. But Dracomir ordered the gates opened, and those males came in, pulling on leather loincloths over their bare bodies.
"Hey, this rustic outfit is handy, Drakkar," Aldric's voice rang out as Laziel handed him what they'd been told to wear. "Grandfather, I can't believe you brought me just for this,"
 Search Novels Here → 
###Chapter 1483
---- Laziel's cool voice sounded as he came in behind the muscular redhead. "Come on, drop that stiff face like your father's. Come stand by me, see if the wolfish spirit rubs off on you," Aldric slung an arm over his grandson's shoulders, patting him and walking with him at his side. Laziel sighed. Well, he was going to come anyway because he'd felt his female's presence.
In so many years, Aldric had never taken him to the wild side, much as he'd tried, and his favorite lycan still hadn't given up hope. He respected his grandparents more than his own parents; every time he had free time, the Lycan King dragged him into one of his hunting-crazed adventures. Dracomir watched him pull those rustic leather pieces out of nowhere and thought Laziel was some poor sorcerer's assistant. Actually... where had that terrifying cloud in the sky gone?
Did these lycans move the elements of nature too? He thought nothing could surprise him anymore, but he had no idea how many times his jaw would drop in the future. "Prince, aren't you going to make the introductions?" Aldric stopped in front of Zarek and Draco. ---- In the middle of the inner courtyard of the fortress, surrounded by the curious eyes of nervous soldiers "He is the Wolf Lord of this fief..." "And his son-in-law, Victoria's mate.
My name is Dracomir." Draco made his position clear right away, in front of so many males. Supposedly they were all Victoria's family, but damn those genes, What if there was some old romantic rival? The bloody aura thickened around Zarek. Aldric and the others looked at Dracomir with interest. Fresh blood to challenge in the next family training. "Wasn't the girl supposed to be enslaved and in danger?" Cedrick arched a brow, obvious mockery in his eyes, and Aidan elbowed him.
He sympathized with Dracomir because now he was on the sons- in-law's side. Aldric snorted, but they decided to drop the joke because the vampire was turning fire-ant red. "Well, and these are..." Zarek started to introduce his relatives, ---- but this family wasn't big on basic rules. "You've got part of my energy too.
You were in contact with my heart..." Suddenly a black-haired, scowling, feral man stepped out from behind the Lycan King, pointing at Dracomir and skipping all protocol, what with what was hanging beneath his loincloth. Zarek sighed, pinching the bridge of his nose, and Alpha King Cedrick had to press his mouth shut not to burst out laughing. This Drakkar was a real character. "Uh... yeah... I received that blessing; I didn't know it was yours...
Thanks for sharing it," Dracomir said, still tense and also a bit lost at such an... unusual exchange. But despite the almost comedic vibe, the aura of power around each of these lycans was undeniable. Especially around the one who had pointed at him That man was, without a doubt, that enormous beast; he could feel the pull of that power inside himself. "Do I have to give it back?" the thought hit him out of nowhere. Aidan and Cedrick looked toward Drakkar too, alert.
---- They hadn't considered that. They had evolved as well, thanks to the wave of blessings that exploded when Khalum recovered that piece. "No, the gods found you worthy, I didn't do anything," Drakkar replied with a shrug. Everyone involved looked at him, even Aldric. This man, despite his roughness and filterless honesty, had won them over like that, with humility. Possibly a deity among mortals, and he acted simpler than any of them.
A nosy wolf deity on the hunt for his next victim: Lord Dracomir, who now looked at him with eyes full of admiration... and ignorance.
 Search Novels Here → 
###Chapter 1484
---- 275. THE YOUNG ONE IS THE MOST DANGEROUS OF ALL Narrator "Zarek, is Victoria okay?" Aldric broke the stalemate. "Yes. Come on, let's talk inside. Where did you leave the Selenias and the others?" he asked as he walked in with Dracomir leading the way. "When you told us things weren't serious, we left them behind to rest, especially that unbearable Silas. You know how much of a buzzkill he is, and how violent..." Laziel didn't even flinch at his grandfather insulting his father.
For Aldric, not even having sired his three grandkids was enough of an achievement. In the end it was his daughter who conceived them and carried them for nine months. His Sigrid was the best. "Close every border from the vampire town. No one in or out!" Dracomir ordered his Beta. These were his best allies and his secret weapon; he didn't want leaks. The Lord was going to take them to the war room, but Zarek told him the library was better.
---- What kind of battles got planned with bourbon by the fire? The Wolf Lord soon found that his allies' planning was based on one thing: How do we make sure the fight doesn't end too fast? 2 'Hho One hour later... "NO FUCKING WAY YOU'RE LEAVING ME OUT OF MY OWN WAR!" The roar made the wall between the library and a small dining room shake. "I should've picked another spot, good grief," Victoria muttered when she heard her mate's voice.
"Looks like your man already caught the family's beastly spirit," Lavinia began to laugh, but halfway through she choked on her steak. "Some still resist it though. Look at your male, still loyal to his dad's frozen face," Victoria piled on. Lavinia could never outdo them in venom-tongued comebacks. Too serious. Ahh, but her sister Amara sure had a filthy mouth.
---- "Hey, show some respect, I'm older, you insolent brat...!" Lavinia pointed the fork at her, and Victoria stuck her tongue out in mockery. Celine smiled at their friendly bickering. She sighed in relief that things had ended well. She already wanted to meet up with the other females to plan the mating party. Truth is, she wasn't too worried about the conflicts in this realm, but about those violent men being on the verge of knocking down the library walls. eeeeed
 Search Novels Here → 
###Chapter 1485
---- "Hey, hey, let's all calm down," Cedrick stood in the middle like a referee. "I think we can all agree we came here to have some fun," he said as if their continents didn't have enough problems for them to come meddle in someone else's business. "So, Lord, how many people are your enemies in total?" he asked.
"In total total?" Dracomir raised a brow and did some math "Right now I'm everyone's enemy, because the other wolf fief is ---- just waiting for my answer to take a side." "And it's obvious you'll tell them you're staying with my daughter, and it's about time they know she's your Lady and your mate," Zarek added through his teeth. "No one wants that more than I do," he clarified in a wolfish voice, then gave them an estimate of the enemies.
When he said the number out loud, even he thought it would be hard to face that many warriors. They looked strong, but still, it was like one to a thousand. "I'm going to recover what's left of my heart; I know which direction it is," Drakkar said without any frills. He was going to take down anyone who got in his way. If he was putting up with this silly meeting, it was because his female told him to follow his grandfather and behave, but he already wanted to go back to his Lyra.
"Lavinia and I will handle the guy with witch magic. Lavi needs to practice with specters," Laziel yawned, sitting on the window ledge. "Hey, kid, don't underestimate Frederick's power," Dracomir looked at him and then at the Lycan King. ---- As if to say, "Aren't you going to stop your grandson? It's dangerous." But he saw Aldric didn't react at all. "He seems to have stolen the best spells from those witches; he's got their souls captured," he kept explaining, but no one backed him up.
"Hey, you're not sending this young man to die...!" Dracomir's words stopped when he felt mortal danger close in on him. He had never felt so threatened. It happened in a breath. He barely had time to kick the armchair back and roll across the Tug to get away. With one knee and one hand on the floor, he stared in disbelief at where he'd been sitting less than a second ago.
A black hole had opened in the floor, swallowing the seat, and to top it off, the ceiling had been pierced by a huge, dark hand with sharp claws that tangled in the wood and shredded it to splinters. ---- Pieces of his favorite armchair came apart like butter, and only he knew how hard that old wood was. What shape would his flesh-and-blood body be in if that attack had hit him? ?What the hell is that?!?
 Search Novels Here → 
###Chapter 1486
---- 276. WAR AND A HOT BATH Narrator No one had moved in alarm or triggered a defense. That horrifying hand snaked upward, slipping back through the black hole that was closing in the ceiling. A monstrous laugh sounded from the other side, and Dracomir thought he saw eyes staring at him through the torn opening. Every hair on his body stood on end. This was black sorcery, worse than Victoria's reanimated dead or Frederick's tricks.
"Don't underestimate Laziel just because he looks younger, and relax, that traitor's days are numbered," his vampire father-in-law assured him. Draco's astonished gaze slid to the boy like a lazy cat rising from a ledge "I'll try to bring him back alive so you can take your revenge, or whatever it is you're going to do," he said calmly, looking at Dracomir with golden, icy eyes. Draco realized he couldn't underestimate anyone in this family.
---- "Then I'll leave it in your hands," he answered seriously, trying to save alittle face "Good. Grandfather, I'm off," Laziel announced, snapping his fingers in the air. His body dissipated into thousands of black sparks, like tiny shadow dragonflies flying out the window. Sweat was still running down Dracomir's back when he stepped closer to inspect his favorite chair. Just like that, destroyed by that male without him even moving from his spot.
"I'm not going to ask what that was," Draco snorted a bit gruffly, going to pour himself a stiff drink. "Don't be impressed; it's better to be a lycan," Aldric immediately defended their kind. "Luckily this time we didn't get stuck with another little sorcerer, ora vampire... no offense, Prince," he added quickly at Zarek's raised brow.
"All right, let's continue with the division, and account for my two sons, who will surely want to join..." Dracomir listened in silence, amid jokes and a lot of ---- testosterone. He even looked on with pity as they downed his best whiskies, but oh well; it was like when your big family came to visit and you still ran short. Family... something he hadn't had since his parents died. Feelings he thought he'd had for Frederick and those two harpies ... pure fantasies spun from lies and magic.
His Victoria had brought all this happiness with her. His incredible woman. Something stirred in his chest, and he liked it a lot. His wolf felt respect for the others like him in the room, the hierarchy of power. Above all, for the man who asked about everything, curiosity without limits: Drakkar. The wild power living inside Dracomir revered supreme strength.
He remembered what Drakkar's transformation looked like and wondered what awaited him when he united all the parts of the so-called Heart of the Beast. "I'll go with him," Dracomir couldn't help teaming up with Drakkar. Even their names sounded alike; it felt like fate.
 Search Novels Here → 
###Chapter 1487
---- He wanted to see him in action, to be surprised again, to be friends. He just never imagined that, besides a friend, he would become his "master of intimate matters." Turns out that "almost deity" was clueless about the mortals' mundane stuff, more specifically, the bedroom. A certain wolf needed to ask questions so he wouldn't always be on the passive side with his female So000 many questions, and the Lord was tempted to hand back all the power just to get out of the questionnaire.
But that was a story for later; for now, they would rest, and the next day... let the enemy be ready. pores Lavinia was lying in the hot bath. In truth, she had only opened a portal; she wasn't tired, but with nothing else to do, she decided to head to her quarters Victoria was generous with her people. They'd given her a very pretty room, and the hot bath was ready for her. She submerged, feeling the smooth porcelain under her naked ---- body; her breasts made gentle ripples above the water.
Her head rested in a comfortable hollow in the rim; Lavinia's hands lay on the rounded sides. Her legs were open, knees protruding. Relaxed and apparently vulnerable. But even with her eyes closed, she felt him the instant he appeared. The shift in the air, the candles flickering and slowly turning into a black flame. The corner of her mouth curved subtly. It seemed her lover was already tired of playing at planning. A whisper sounded behind her head, and a cold caress slid along her throat.
As if a sharp dagger were dancing over her veins, about to claim her life... or her sanity. "Lavi, I told you to wait for me so we could bathe together," a low, dangerous whisper slipped into her ear, making her shiver. "You know very well where your rebellion leads. ?\immnn, to sweet punishment,? Lavinia's cheeky brain ---- answered for her at once. But outwardly, she had gone quiet, defying him in silence.
Suddenly, Lavinia's hands were bound to the tub's rim as if something, or "someone", were holding her. Her legs stayed open, unable to move or close. Her chin was claimed by possessive fingers that pulled her head back against the tub, exposing more of her delicate throat. Her eyes half-opened, and a not-at-all-frightened moan slipped from her lips. Laziel's handsome face hovered upside down, leaning over her from behind and drawing closer.
"At least pretend my threats scare you, little troublemaker," his rough voice poured into Lavinia's sensitive ears, sending tingles through her belly and between her thighs. "Then you'll have to try a little harder, ghost prince..." Lavinia smirked, unable to move in the hot water, exposed and vulnerable, just the way he loved to subdue her. That sensual mouth, her undoing, lowered to hers in an "upside- down' kiss.
---- The moment she felt those delicious, masculine lips, the light went out in her eyes and only darkness remained... his darkness. As if a blindfold had slipped over her, leaving her other senses raw and heightened. Laziel was in the mood to play, and she loved being devoured by her predator. Definitely, she'd become an old pervert eager to taste young flesh.
 Search Novels Here → 
###Chapter 1488
---- 277. DARK SIN LAVINIA I tried to hold back my moans while those cold hands squeezed my neck and slid slowly down my chest. My nipples were already hard just from the anticipation of remembering how good it felt to be touched by him. Dangerous claws spread over my breasts like those of a beast on the prowl His breath fell heavy by my ear, and my heart hammered faster and faster. Unable to see, in complete darkness, every brush was a trigger for my lust.
"Mnnn," I mumbled, biting my lower lip, when the puckered skin was dangerously encircled and two fingers pinched my nipples, giving them delicious little tugs. Breathy gasps escaped my mouth when a tongue circled the shell of my ear, licked me like a wild animal, and slipped inside. "My beloved woman... I want to see how long you're going to pretend to be modest..." ---- Laziel's rough voice made me shiver between my legs; my core throbbed without stopping.
He hissed and squeezed my breasts; I arched my back and a strangled moan slipped from my throat. Even as I writhed with pleasure, I couldn't move much; he loved taking me like this, with no room to escape his perverted, long- awaited torments. "Ahmmpp," I clamped my mouth shut when caresses began to roam my arms over the rim of the tub and glide up my legs under the water. They felt like wet licks tickling my skin. My ear, sucked and pierced by his mouth.
His sharp canines closed on my earlobe, tasting my blood. I could smell his arousal in the air, and my vagina was melting while those caresses flooded my body and crept closer between my folds. "Laziel... no, my love, we're not at home... mnnnn... take us to your space... I can't hold out... ahh, fuck... wait... I gasped for air when my clitoris was pushed; the hard little mound was so sensitive it hurt. ---- "No... if you can't stop moaning, then...
let me help you..." His words, like torn notes, didn't foretell anything... that I wouldn't love. I felt him stand, but the slow caresses kept roaming me. Steam rose in the air and made me feel even hotter. Suddenly I felt claws threading into my hair, and it was yanked back. My head was left almost hanging over the rounded edge of the tub. His hand tightened on my vulnerable, arched neck. heard the close sound of clothes rustling, undressing.
I swallowed, knowing exactly what he was going to do, and soon my nose caught the musky, masculine, dark, filthy scent of my male. The wet tip of his penis slid over my parted lips, bursts of hurried air leaving me. "Aahh," I moaned at all the sensations shooting through my body, and now that delicious cock teasing me. It bounced off my cheek brazenly; it felt heavy and thick. A ---- worthy descendant of lycans. He dragged it over my flushed skin.
I wanted to capture it with my mouth and suck him, but Laziel only toyed with my sanity. Until I decided to stop being the passive one here. "If you don't give me what I want, then your... gglpp..." His length filled my protesting mouth in one thrust. Thick veins instantly throbbed against my tongue, which slid out to trace him. Laziel began to rock his hips gently, easing it slowly between my lips as they puckered around his girth.
Drool ran down the corners of my mouth and, little by little, that thick tip bumped the back of my throat. In this upside-down position it was hard to control anything; I could only take it, but I'd discovered I was a pervert too... like him. All this madness had my vagina convulsing. Laziel leaned forward, spearing his length deeper, almost to the point of choking me. Bursts of air rushed through my nose as he drove into me and I sucked him with delight. I tasted the intense flavor of his precum; his heavy balls shifted against my forehead.
 Search Novels Here → 
###Chapter 1489
---- My throat at times outlined that phallus plunging into the depths. "Mmnn," my whole body jolted when both hands squeezed my chest and something slipped between my vaginal lips. It pushed between my folds, matching the rhythm of the thrusts in my mouth. Aahh, yes, yes, more, more... my clitoris buzzed under those flickering tongues of flame that moved it up and down faster and faster. My vagina reveled in being filled and fucked by that thick thing, the same as my man's shaft.
The sound of water churning, ragged pants and torn moans filled my ears; they came from everywhere, just like my whole skin felt invaded by caresses. This was perverse; it would terrify anyone. I'd long understood the things that happened when Laziel blinded my eyes. But if I said it bothered me... it really didn't. Everything felt like his touch, as if he were everywhere, consuming all of me. "Aaaggg," I felt him shudder, and the cock in my mouth dripped precum nonstop.
---- My legs trembled under the water and I spread wider, lifting my ass and curling my toes. My clitoris was on fire; my breasts bounced with suctions that stretched them, with finger marks sinking into the tender flesh. Wet, perverse sounds rose above the splashing water. My mind suddenly shattered into a thousand pieces, and my insides convulsed in a delicious orgasm that left me adrift. The long shaft in my sheath jerked as if it were coming too, then withdrew slowly until I was left empty.
I didn't forget to give the last devastating sucks to the penis using my mouth, even though my jaw ached and my lips were swollen. I wanted to swallow all his desire, push him to the limit the way he did with me. I freed my hands from bracing on the tub and wrapped one around the base of his length to stroke him in my fist. The other hand went to cradle his hard, tense testicles that hammered against my hairline. "Aaahh, La' lis strangled growl was music to my ears.
---- The way he said my name so viscerally, so deadly and warm... I wanted to be the only one to witness this version of Laziel forever. I closed my eyes, prolonging my own orgasm while my vulva was pampered with delicious licks. His potent, masculine essence shot into my deep throat, and I could only swallow and swallow... so I wouldn't choke. My tongue writhed like a greedy snake around the shaft. The tip traced the opening of his urethra as Laziel began to pull out.
I collapsed against the tub as if I'd been left without bones, relaxed and satisfied... for now. Light slowly returned to my eyes, and golden pupils watched me from above, so close I could see every emotion in them. His hair, black as the deepest night, brushed my cheekbones and cheeks as he hovered over me. This man drives me crazy... Goddess, why couldn't I recognize how much his darkness drew mein.
That's why I kept fleeing his presence, but the more I tried to escape the monster, the more the hunt excited him I stretched out my hand and stroked his lips where a sexy smile hid, barely there, but I've learned to read his moods. ---- "This is abuse against a lady," I huffed, enjoying how that smile widened a little more, "I don't think I can move my neck after you raped my mouth like it was a pussy," my voice came out hoarse and raspy. "You didn't look very angry.
Why didn't you complain?..." "Laziel, you're getting more and more... shameless..." My scolding ended when my lower lip was sucked between his He gave me soft tugs that made me pant. His big hands cradled my breasts in gentle caresses. His breath, cold, like night and mint, made my eyes half-close. "I promise I'll make it up to you tomorrow and violate you in every way you want, but tonight we'd better rest," he whispered to me, and again the world changed around me.
I felt myself floating out of the tub, falling into his arms as darkness filled my eyes again. "Tomorrow I'll let you play a lot. Bring out Electra and take all the specters you want." His voice echoed in my drowsy mind. My back met soft, dark sheets, like everything in his inner world. ---- The sky moved, forming storms around this tower suspended in the middle of nothing, of clouds, thunder, and spectral shadows.
Even so, over our enormous bed, only stillness could be heard and the thud of that solid heart against my ear as I curled up on his chest. Laziel covered us with the blanket and lay on top of me, with that dark possessiveness that made me feel so loved. "Will you... let me do it alone?" I asked, feeling my consciousness fade into restorative sleep. "All by yourself, my dear Lavinia. Let's see if you like the game I've prepared for you... and your tormented specter." 1
 Search Novels Here → 
###Chapter 1490
---- 278. EYES TO SEE YOU NARRATOR Things were arranged in a pretty crazy, laid-back way; even so, with the samples he'd had, Dracomir felt confident. He already felt victory in his hands... both "Victorias": the battle and his sensual vampire. Who would've thought that, in the end, he'd wind up dead inside because of that seductress who had him with his tongue hanging out and, speaking of death...
As they were heading out, with the sun just peeking over the horizon, the undead general appeared with his sorceress. Dracomir greeted them briefly near the walls. He had to organize his men, so he left them with Zarek, who was coming out through the castle gate. The prince had sensed him from kilometers away. As much as his face stayed as indifferent as always, in his head and his soul, he was on edge.
While he came down the broad steps at the fortress entrance, he saw him pass under the tall grates. ---- Rousse was holding the hand of a small woman wearing a bandage over her eyes His general's serious gaze found him at once, even among the soldiers on horseback passing by and the carts of weapons. Rousse was coming toward him, and Zarek moved forward too, meeting on the landing.
"My lord," Rousse gave a respectful salute, "So I'm supposed to be calm because you left with Victoria, and then I find her doing indecent things with that lycan." Zarek's eyebrow lifted, pretending to speak coolly. "You didn't protect her from the worst threat..." "It was my fault, vampire prince. I distracted him from his duties .." Meridiana's voice jumped in at once; she looked a little anxious as she pointed to her own chest. She didn't understand the dynamic between Zarek and Rousse.
She just heard the sharp tone and thought her male had gotten himself into trouble. "Now you even have someone to defend you?" a snort slipped from the prince's lips. ---- Deep down, though, his eyes flashed with tangled feelings. He saw how Rousse looked at the woman, in love, and reassured her; she had truly managed to revive his heart. Besides, Victoria hadn't exaggerated.
Clearly, Rousse could no longer hide his "humanity." "Her name is Meridiana, and she's my wife," Rousse's voice came out rough and deep. He looked at Zarek again, and so many things seemed to be said without words, the way it had always been "Good, then I can only add that if someone makes my general happy..." The prince stretched out his hand and took Meridiana's. She started a little, but didn't pull away. "You have my eternal gratitude, and you'll find a friend and ally in me.
We're all family now." He kissed the back of Meridiana's hand with his cold lips. The sorceress's cheeks went crimson. There was nothing improper about it, only the deepest respect and thanks the prince, descendant of the first Selenias, could grant her. "Y-you're welcome. I'm grateful too, for looking after him until ---- now," Meridiana stammered, a bit nervous. She'd thought this man would be an arrogant jerk.
Even if she couldn't see him, his aura soaked in blood and war could be smelled from afar. But she discovered that beneath all those warnings and thorns was a noble, charming man. Atrue prince. "Go rest, little one, the trip was long." Rousse kissed her blonde hair, nudging her toward him with his huge hand. "You're going to fight," Meridiana's voice rang in his mind. "Yes, it's necessary. But I'll be fine," he soothed her. "I know. I trust you," his sorceress warmed his chest once more.
Just then, Victoria's cheerful voice came from inside, calling her and dragging her off to where the women were having breakfast. Meridiana glanced toward the entrance, where Rousse had stayed. Even if she couldn't see him, she could still feel his eyes on her. Why does this feel more like a party than a war? "Meridiana, I'm going to be a sister! Mom's pregnant!" Victoria ---- was chattering more than usual. Meridiana sighed, but soon caught her joy.
If her dear wolf Lord was going to fight, and she couldn't care less, then everything was fine. After all, her man... couldn't die anymore.
###Chapter 1491
---- Rousse did, in fact, keep watching her until she disappeared from his sight "I admit I was skeptical anyone would stay with you, with that grumpy temper of yours," Zarek snorted, looking out at the bustle in the square. "If someone accepted you, you bitter, bloodthirsty bastard, why not me?" Rousse shot back with that disrespect he always showed when they were alone. Now that he'd recovered his memories... it was worse. The corner of Zarek's mouth twitched, in a good mood.
He didn't seem to hate him... or so he thought. Even so, his expression darkened again. "I couldn't save her, no matter how hard I tried. There are souls ---- that just... fracture too much," he lowered his head and confessed in a hoarse voice. The morning air lashed at them both. The smell of iron and fire whipped on the breeze. "It's fine. I think it was for the best. She wouldn't have liked to come back like that...
she was very vain about her looks, remember?" Rousse's voice was tinged with melancholy. He practically didn't remember his former mate's face anymore, only vague memories. "I remember. She was always too pretty for a man as rough as. you... Meridiana is beautiful too. Some ugly guys have all the luck "Pft, what a shitty apology..." Rousse snorted, and again an awkward silence fell between them. "Rousse, I..." "I don't want to talk about it. I understand your reasons for hiding it from me...
and I don't blame you for other people's rotten hearts..." The general looked him straight in the eye. "But if you hadn't opened your doors to me..." Zarek turned toward him, frowning. He'd had that thorn stuck in him for millennia without healing. ---- "They would've found us anyway; we were elementals far too naive. You gave me my vengeance by slaughtering them." Rousse was right, but that didn't lighten the guilt. "My family was supposed to have it under control..." the prince sighed.
They were royalty. His mother should have brought all her power down on the other supernatural beings, controlled them, taken better care of the elementals... Sigrid discovered it was all a game of lies and power. "You fought. I saw you. And even if you think it wasn't worth it, I do think your rebellion made a difference, that at least you cracked the Goddess's eyes open a bit..." "Tsk, that bitch..." Zarek clicked his tongue in annoyance.
The sun suddenly slipped behind the clouds, a bad omen. Rousse pulled a sarcastic face. He didn't even know why such a vengeful Goddess let him talk to her like that, so damn disrespectfully. "Anyway, don't go soft on me. I'm not used to it, and I might start thinking you were in love. Vampires tend to play for both ---- teams." Rousse mocked Zarek a little, earning the prince's signature death glare. Yes, Rousse had definitely remembered how he used to get along with him in the past. "See?
That's better, you stuffy bloodsucker." He even called him by that nickname, forgotten by time. Zarek's eyes went wide when Rousse's index finger snapped lightly under his chin, and he saw the faint smile on his face. He had even forgotten his friend's smile and that gesture he always made to tease him when he ate like a pig at his house. A knot tightened in the cold vampire prince's chest.
"Come see the army your daughter created." Rousse turned, went down the steps, and motioned for him to follow. He went back to the seriousness of being his general, but this time it wasn't just the emotionless armor. "I can look for eyes for her... give her back her sight," he said suddenly. "I'll ask her, and if Meridiana wants it, then I'll be collecting payment for all those wars I fought for you without getting a ---- single coin," Rousse replied, not turning as he set off again.
"Ugh, tsk, tsk... I preferred you when you were more obedient and didn't talk back," Zarek muttered the biggest lie of his life as he followed him. Deep in his chest, he was so happy, free of the weight that had been tormenting him. Meridiana had given Rousse back the piece he hadn't been able to complete in his soul. So Zarek would look for the most beautiful eyes he could find for her and make her see the world again.
###Chapter 1492
---- 279. 'M KEEPING THE SEXY VAMPIRE NARRATOR At last, everyone went their own way, splitting up outside the fortress and even making bets on who would finish first. An hour later, the other werewolf camp was waking up. The man in charge got word that Lord Dracomir himself wanted to give him his answer. He stepped out of his tent calmly, unhurried; he felt he had the upper hand and didn't mind making proud Dracomir wait. Imagine spuring the future heiress for that mangy vampire.
He walked to his horse and set off with a small escort. "Pack up the camp, we're leaving as soon as I'm back!" he ordered one of his men as they galloped through the forest toward the plain. He was surprised to see Dracomiir in the distance with only one man at his side. As he drew closer and the gusts hit him, the wolf general's brows knit tighter.
He pulled up several meters away with his four-man escort ---- "How dare you come meet me with a filthy vampire?!" he roared in fury; this felt like a mockery of his fief. "You've betrayed your race, and your answer is more than clear to me!" "No, it's not clear to you," Dracomir replied in a deep voice, making his horse rear, and the man tensed. He remembered this was the only man capable of turning into that savage beast. But so what? They had the numbers...
"are you here to hand over the vampires in your fief?" he asked, confused. But the murderous intent of that black-haired vampire put him on alert. The horses whinnied nervously. "'m here to take your army, your fief, and your fortress, to share it with MY WOMAN, Victoria Vlad, my vampire mate, whom I will not trade for your prissy Lady!" "How dare...2!" Ggpp. He didn't even have time to roar before his neck was slashed deep and his head slipped off, separating from his body.
---- Even Dracomir had to rein in his astonishment; his father-in-law had barely flicked his claws through the air. "Less talk and more action," Zarek's voice whispered like a venomous snake. "You'll pay dearly for this, Dracomir, let's go, let's go!" the other warriors grabbed the reins and began dragging their fallen general. One of their best men, dead just like that, for nothing!
However, as they galloped, their ears caught the rumble of the ground, so loud they looked back and almost shit their pants. A full army had burst out of the trees, roaring like savages, and giant wolves were moving among them. "Straight to the fortress, run, run!" No matter how they warned the camp and tried to flee for their walls, Dracomir's unstoppable army wiped them out and moved quickly toward the other wolves' lands. His answer would be blunt and leave no room for misinterpretation. ?l'm not going to leave my vampire, and now you'll have to kneel before her, as your queen?
###Chapter 1493
---- creed On the other side of the continent, Rousse was pulling the strings behind the rest of the undead warriors. Zarek had brought with him his entire inner world, packed with an army that seemed inexhaustible. Only one lycan had accompanied him: Drakkar, in search of his heart.
When the horn sounded at the borders and the report reached the vampire Lord, nerves shot through the air "You'd better actually do something useful, because so far you've only given me promises!" He pointed at Frederick, who lowered his head submissively, but his eyes gleamed with hate and his teeth ground.
It wasn't the first time he'd humiliated himself in front of a vampire, but it stung more now, because he had the power to be above them, However, they didn't give him time to execute his plan-who was attacking him so suddenly? It couldn't be Dracomir this fast! That bastard... ---- He slipped away amid the commotion to his simple room. He shut the door and looked over the few belongings in the room, nothing out of the ordinary.
He knew they were searching his things trying to strip him of his power. "Pft, stupid bloodsuckers, they think I'm going to leave my greatest weapon out in the open," he muttered, standing in the middle of the room and closing his eyes. Unlike the former vampire Lord of his fief, he had put on that cursed mask many times. They sucked his blood to activate the spells, but he had learned too and soaked himself in their magics.
Chanting the incantation and painting the runes with a bloodied finger, he began to fade into air that filled with fog. The same trick he'd used to escape Dracomir and his bitch. He'd managed to develop an inner world to hide in The rift opened and Frederick was about to vanish, but this time his hunters were different. A black, clawed hand appeared out of nowhere, holding the " entrance," and two humanoid figures, like blurred shadows, ---- slipped in after that treacherous wolf.
###Chapter 1494
---- 280. ILLUSIONS AND REMORSE NARRATOR Frederick walked, oblivious to the danger, along a path lined with twisted, ugly trees. This was his inner world, a kind of enchanted, macabre forest, just like him. At the end of the path a table, a chair, some papers, and, most important, another box holding his prized relic were waiting. But the moment he lifted the lid and stretched out his fingers, a different scent tipped him off. Footsteps halted nearby; someone was behind him.
How had he not sensed it before?! Without losing a second, he grabbed that horrible face whose eyes opened, full of agony, and pressed it over his own, He spun around, feeling pain ripple through him as it sucked his blood. It was awful, every sensation he experienced, but if someone had found him this fast, then she was powerful "Who are you, and how did you get where you weren't invited?!" ---- Frederick tried to make his voice sound commanding, though it came out as a mix of feminine tones.
He looked, half panicked, at the beautiful woman with short black hair and disgusted green eyes. "Lavinia, I was about to get mad that you summoned me for something this simple, but I admit I've changed my mind," she said to the empty air and took a few steps forward. Frederick edged back carefully. This woman wasn't normal, he could feel it. And she wasn't even a little afraid of this thing's power, she looked pissed off.
"How dare you, a worm like you, chain the souls of so many witches?!" She roared and lunged at him so fast he saw only a blur streak through the air. When he tried to open his mouth to cast, claws slipped between his lips and started yanking his tongue out. His real tongue, right through the mask! Her other hand clamped his neck, nails digging in, and began to lift him, cutting off his air.
Cold sweat exploded over Frederick's trembling body as he ---- stared into the woman's ghostly green eyes Power, crushing power he couldn't imitate. Gasping for air, feet dangling and trying to keep his tongue and his head, he did something extreme he never thought he'd do. "I'll give you freedom if you save me, I swear it this time with my soul on the line!" he shouted to the spirits of those sorceresses, who went wild.
The chains of fate coiled around Frederick's black soul; he had sworn of his own free will, and there was no going back. They decided to help him one last time, because a known evil was better than an unknown good... and he couldn't fool them anymore. When Electra saw those tainted eyes darting madly and felt the temperature spike, she knew she needed to back off-but it was too late.
The clash of light blinded her pupils and, when they refocused, she was in a place she would never forget, not even as a specter thousands of years old. Her room, the wing that belonged to her in the De la Croix mansion. Where she grew up, where she lived part of her two lives.
###Chapter 1495
---- The moon was waxing in the sky, lighting the furniture's shadows, and Electra stood disoriented for a moment, peering out through the balcony doors. But the whisper of a presence at her back made her turn, a spell in her hand aimed at the throat of the man stalking her. However, when the moonbeams revealed his beautiful features, Electra's hand shook-and so did her resolve. "C-César? Why... why are you here?" Her voice wavered.
"Why shouldn't I be here, my soulmate?" he answered, a hint of mockery shining in his pale eyes. "Could it be because you yourself murdered me after torturing me? What, planning to do it again?" He stepped forward, eyeing her hand as it crackled. But Electra lowered it, shaking her head, tears beginning to blur her eyes and her mind She was trapped in the past illusion she hated most, the one that had tormented her all these millennia.
And not the one where she'd been imprisoned in Sigrid's mind- oh no, that past had been the best. The other one, where Sigrid never arrived, that other reality was ---- the most horrible, the one she couldn't bear. The Goddess had punished her in many ways, and being unable to forget... was one of them. Apparently, the penance wasn't over. "I won't do it, I won't do it again!
Please, forgive me, César, forgive me!" Electra broke, her legs giving out as she fell to her knees before the man she had loved with a sick, obsessive force, but never more than she loved power. She clutched his shirt and twisted it in her fists. "In one life you didn't buy me from Lucrecia, and in the other... you became Lucrecia herself, my torturer, or even worse than her!
Tell me, Electra, what other harm will you do to me now?!" He roared, forcing her to plead through sobs; Electra clung to his clothes on her knees, devoured by her memories. Inside her, Lavinia shouted at her to wake up, that they were manipulating her, but Electra had seized control of her body, of her magic. She was too powerful and had Lavinia trapped as well in this world of lies and danger. ---- Worst of all, behind "César's" back, a sharp dagger glowed red.
The weapon was very real, just like Lavinia's death would be if that magic strike hit her. The venomous blade rose into the air and dove fast toward the throat of Electra's tormented specter. Remorse was a heavy burden that wouldn't let her raise her head.
###Chapter 1496
---- 281. A GAME ORA TEST? NARRATOR Frederick should have been euphoric, he was about to finish off the threat. His hand trembled as he gripped the dagger raised in the air, that woman had started crying like an idiot and wasn't reacting. Everything could be perfect... however, he was more scared than he had ever been in his life. Because the mask on his face was screaming in pure terror, because he felt this illusion spell had nothing to do with his witches' summoning.
And worst of all, because of the shadow of a man standing behind that woman. Only a pair of golden eyes could be glimpsed, shining in the middle of so much darkness They could even be fascinating, but to him they were an abomination, a beast waiting to rip his head off. He understood that none of this came from his cursed mask, that the power of so many sorceresses was nothing compared to the real puppeteer.
---- His arm, which felt like it weighed tons, was lowering slowly, controlled by that man's thoughts. The female voices in his ears screeched like tormented souls, if they could have escaped they would have done it on the spot. Something murky, hot, and sharply smelling ran down Frederick's crotch, rolling along his shaking thighs, on the verge of collapse. He was lost, absolutely lost, from the beginning, he had never had control of this illusion.
The golden eyes dropped and fixed intensely on the hunched back of that specter full of laments and regrets. ?What was Lavinia going to do to control Electra once and for all cere It had been a long time since Lavinia had felt that sensation of complete despair. It reminded her of that night when she felt that her mother's life and Father Duque's would fade into nothing.
She was screaming inside the prison of her own body, but Electra was too powerful, and her dark spectral magic spun out ---- of control like erratic waves. She couldn't tame it, and she remembered Sigrid's warnings, Katherine's fears... she shouldn't play with something she couldn't control or she would end up the puppet. ?You can do it, I trust you, Lavi? Memories of Laziel flooded her mind in chaos. He did trust her, in her own power, and he wouldn't let her insecurities win.
If Electra wouldn't submit of her own free will, then she would finish her, but this body belonged to her! "WAKE THE HELL UP ALREADY, YOU STUPID WITCH! THAT'S NOT YOUR MATE, THEY'RE TRICKING YOU, ELECTRA!" She roared and struck, scratched and bit, but the storm of tears didn't stop. The Goddess had her own twisted punishments, and Electra's were devastating But maybe, if she managed to overcome them... she would finally get her reward. The mysteries of the universe, of portals and parallel realities, of past and future, were things simple mortals couldn't understand.
###Chapter 1497
---- But Lavinia was here and now, she had to save her neck, in this life and this instant. "I'm sorry, Electra, but if you're not with me... you're against me." Lavinia closed her eyes and began to invoke her most destructive spell. A portal that would expel Electra's specter and forcefully give her back control. She would lose her forever, but if she didn't submit, she was useless to her.
However, her conjuring voice connected with Electra and pulled her out for a second from her loop of agony. The black mist swirled around her body, and the dagger was slowly lowering toward her neck. Lavinia's hand suddenly lifted and grabbed Frederick's wrist, which was shaking uncontrollably. Her face rose, a blend of both of them, filled with fury and rage. "How dare you imitate my mate?!" Electra's distorted voice roared, and her knees shot up off the floor.
She yanked Frederick's hand so hard the tearing of bones and ---- tendons was heard An agonized roar came from the mask, and Lavinia's claw-like fingers sank into the witches' eyes. Electra began to pull, both finally in sync. Skin peeled from Frederick's own face as he kept screaming and struggling. But spectral hands subdued him without mercy, invoked by Lavinia. A dark tar began to ooze and bubble over the cursed seams that bound the wills of those poor women.
Lavinia's mouth moved in grim incantations that made this reality shudder. They didn't come from her, but from Electra's knowledge, who was a sorceress of the earliest times, ancient and wise. A light began to appear under each seam that came loose, like spiderwebs on a pane of glass that was fracturing. The screams of agony turned into laughter. Mad, manic laughter, but of release. Lights of many colors exploded when the chains freed the condemned souls.
Silhouettes of women who bloomed in the air, crying out to the ---- heavens. Of all ages and shapes. Which one had been the first to be captured, and who created that macabre spell...? They no longer remembered. Only that the ordeal was over. The relic turned to dust in Lavinia's hand, surrounded by black magic. The spirits moved like balls of energy, wrapping Frederick in a whirlwind full of thunderous noise and curses. In the midst of the wolf's roars they flew out through the open doors.
?Thank you, sister, thank you,? they cried on the breeze, grateful to Lavinia. They crossed the night of this false reality that was crumbling to pieces, like the man who held them captive.
###Chapter 1498
---- 282. UNEXPECTED RESULTS NARRATOR Frederick grabbed his face, unhinged. When the mask was crushed between Lavinia's fingers, his own face was exposed. Horrific, bumed, scarred, his features unrecognizable. Blisters swelled on his reddened skin and burst full of pus, leaving an unbearable stench in the air. The cursed infection spread down his neck and began to cover his body like a plague. His hair fell out in clumps, and even his scalp rotted with it. "Damn witch, this is all your fault...
your fault!" Frederick's mind wasn't right; all the madness stayed inside him. He was in too much pain as his body curled into a ball of agony. Frederick had nothing left to lose, so he lunged at Lavinia to finish her before dying. He would take her with him in one last suicidal attack. "Electra, snap out of it once and for all, damn it!" ---- Lavinia shouted at her specter, who was staring dazed again. Electra's vision wasn't the same as Lavinia's.
She still thought she was seeing César attacking her. Even though she knew it was a lie, she hesitated at every step. "Damn you and your regrets!" Lavinia roared, pushing her control over the body to kick Electra out of the game forever, but at the last moment something even more shocking happened Frederick stopped dead and vomited putrid blood. His head hung forward while his bloodshot eyes looked down at his chest. A hand wreathed in dark flames had pierced him.
The hand took corporeal form and ripped back, leaving a crater in his chest where blood gushed without end. Frederick's legs finally gave way and, as he crashed down, this whole world of illusion shattered, breaking like a fractured mosaic. His breathing was like a rusted bellows that could barely push air into his withered lungs.
---- "Don't you dare touch my mate, you filthy abomination." A cold, baritone voice, vibrant and out of focus, came from the man standing behind Frederick No, not a man despite his beautiful appearance: blond hair falling in soft waves to his shoulders, sky-blue eyes, beautiful and ethereal... but not human. Look closely and the differences showed.
A veil of shadows over his skin and a transparency in places that made him resemble a ghost You could feel the dark aura, sense the danger and the chill of death "Ce... César?" Electra's voice sounded strangled. Lavinia felt as if she wanted to crawl inside her own consciousness and hide. What was all this? Another fantasy from that wolf? But they had destroyed the enchanted mask. "How long... my beautiful sorceress. I stayed in this world, wandering alone in the hope of finding you again. Do you really plan to keep running from me?"
###Chapter 1499
---- The voice resonated from him. He stepped forward over Frederick, who fell twitching on the floor of his room. Lavinia frowned. He was clearly a specter, yet he managed to control a physical form, like when he was alive. Just like Electra... But wasn't this man an elemental in the past? Where did he get so much power? Then she remembered Silas. He had also been an elemental, and his hatred piled up so much that he became an incredible being.
Had Electra's mate also turned his resentments into magic? "César... I don't..." "Whatever you remember, forget it, Electra. I.. don't remember. Only you," he said, approaching slowly, and Lavinia's whole body shuddered She was uncomfortable, like a chaperone stuck in the middle of lovers' talk. "I wandered in nothingness, turned into a specter, thinking only ---- about my hatred; I didn't want to leave the chaos in the inner world the master dragged almost every specter he found into.
But a presence drew me after millennia... a familiar aura." He confessed, standing less than a meter away. His blue eyes shone ethereal, beautiful like his delicate masculine features. "I didn't know what it was, but for the first time I ventured outside, to a portal, to a war I didn't even understand, spurred by the master's incitement, and I'm glad I did. Now I know what made me so curious.
Your presence nearby..." He stretched out his fingers and went to caress Lavinia's face, which shifted into Electra; however, a cold hand stopped him in midair. "Keep your hands off my woman," Laziel's voice resonated. "Settle your resentments as specters and don't get confused. Lavinia is mine, and Electra is yours." The sharp, hoarse tone resounded behind Lavinia, and the heat of her man's chest covered her back.
"I'm not interested in her, only Electra..." the specter drew out his hand, turning it immaterial again. Suddenly, this whole situation seemed crazier than usual to ---- Lavinia, and that was already a miracle. "Electra, leave Lavinia and go talk in her inner world. Fix your past and make a decision." Lavinia frowned when she heard Laziel's unquestioned order. A decision about what? Electra slipped out like a ghostly shadow and timidly took César's outstretched hand.
Their dark energies vibrated in tune, crackling. In life or in death, they were compatible soulmates. A rift tore in the nothingness, in the middle of the room, and the two of them stepped in, looking into each other's eyes and linked. Lavinia was amazed to see this almost tender side of the fierce Electra, who always seemed like a wailing, depressed soul.
She started connecting dots, looking at the quiet room of that wolf who had now fainted on the floor, in his own puddle of pus, blood, and vomit. Outside, the war horns sounded and the vampires' useless resistance. "Lavi..." Laziel's hand moved to caress her neck, but she turned ---- in anger, skewering him with her eyes. "Is this the little game you had prepared for me?" she said coldly, putting distance between them and watching him tense up. "Were you testing me, Laziel? Did you put my life at risk just for fun?"
###Chapter 1500
---- 283. I'VE ALWAYS WATCHED OVER YOUR EVERY STEP NARRATOR "No, of course not!" Laziel exclaimed, breaking out of the imperturbable image he always showed. "I knew you could control it, my love, you were never in danger, Lavinia..." "Sure, because you set me up with a test, but you were still watching to see if I screwed up... Did you trust me or not?... And don't touch me!" She slapped his hand away when he reached to caress her face.
For the first time, Lavinia saw a crack in her male's perfection as he slowly withdrew his hand. Something hadn't gone the way he'd planned. "Lavi "Call me Lavinia, because that nickname is really bothering me right now," she shot back mercilessly, watching Laziel's jaw muscles tighten under the strain. His eyes held storms Lavinia had never seen until now. "I did it to make you stronger; your specter was missing her motivation, you gave her a reason to stay and obey you...
truly ---- obey without resisting." Laziel slowly explained what Lavinia had already figured out. When he found Electra's mate-specter, he saw a chance to balance the scales. Electra was powerful but unstable, dangerous for Lavinia, full of too much darkness. Lavinia burned too much energy keeping her in check, proving who was in charge, and that wouldn't hold forever.
Now that her specter had found the missing half of her soul, that he could pry into her sins, maybe she'd yield and take the bond seriously. "All that is great, Laziel, but I didn't like this game, the way you like to control everything... even my life..." Lavinia stepped back and turned to walk away. She was truly upset this time with his unilateral decisions. However, she didn't get far. Her whole body trembled as strong arms caught her and wrapped around her like chains.
Laziel pressed against her, not leaving a single inch of her back uncovered. ---- Skin to skin, the heavy thud of his heart beating against her and his rough breath blowing in her ear. Lavinia was a little surprised to feel the small spasms in his muscles. Unease in the man she'd always seen unflappable, even when the world was falling apart.
"If anything ever happens to you, I die with you, Lavinia," that vibrant voice whispered, sounding too dark "I never understood what my father's obsessive love for my mother meant until I had you in my arms and I got it." A lump formed in the sorceress's throat. "I'm sorry if I went too far, if I pushed you toward an outcome; I don't want you thinking I did it for fun, I just wanted to bring out your best," he confessed, and she knew it was the truth.
Laziel seemed so cold and indifferent, but she had discovered how much heat lived under those frozen layers. "For you to overcome Electra by your own power, for you to believe it, like all those times you practiced opening portals until you fainted." Lavinia's eyes went wide... How had Laziel found out about ---- those embarrassing moments not even her mother knew? Insecurity always lived in her heart. She grew up in a realm full of restrictions, unable to talk to anyone about her strangeness.
Later, when she met the supernatural beings of the other realm, the incredible Selenias, deep down she had always felt lesser. The worst was when she discovered him: a being who had been unique since birth. Laziel was impressive. He was often her motivation to fight for her own magic. "How... how did you know?" she stammered, trying to remember. She would sneak out of the castle and hide to practice in the forest.
Later, when she grew up and gained independence, she spent seasons at the old swamp manor owned by her duchy. With the diary of her ancestresses by her side. She was too embarrassed to ask anyone else; her siblings didn't have her magic, and her mother couldn't answer all her doubts either.
###Chapter 1501
---- Sometimes things went wrong, the diary was full of imperfections, mistakes, and she would lose consciousness, hurt her body. Incredibly, she would then wake up energized and healed... by him! "It was you!" She tried to break free of his hold and turn to face him, but Laziel's arms only clutched her tighter. "I didn't do it out of pity, Lavinia, or because I thought you were less; I... admired how you tried on your own... I...
I liked your laugh every time things went right for you..." Laziel's voice tickled her ear and warmed her soul. What began as innocent curiosity, over the years became something more in the dark heir's heart. Memories floated through Lavinia's mind. Sometimes she found odd notes, with crooked, kind of ugly handwriting... she thought one of her ancestresses had left them That she'd missed them in her previous reading and learned to follow them in the diary.
Those notes were the most useful for stabilizing her portal magic. ---- It was him... He had always been haunting her like a shadow watching over her and, far from feeling repulsed, she felt... strange, and cherished. Laziel was controlling, possessive, like his spectral hand was always on the back of her neck, but Lavinia adored her beautiful toxic man. In fact, what happened didn't bother her that much either, she just... wanted to teach her presumptuous mate a lesson.
"Thank you for staying with me since then..." Lavinia whispered, lowering her head, feeling him inhale her hair deeply. She was much shorter; the crown of her head barely brushed Laziel's chin. His body curved over her back. One hand squeezed her waist, pulling her tighter to his broad chest, and the other, tipped with black claws, slid to her throat in a controlling way. Her whole world sank into Laziel's aura.
"I'm the only one who gets to be grateful here, Lavinia." He kissed her temple softly, lovingly. "You're my light, the only thing ---- that can steady my mind and my violence. The only thing that quiets the voices and keeps the monsters inside me in check..." Moisture gathered at the corners of Lavinia's eyes. Outside, the world was falling apart, but none of that had to do with them. "I never put you at risk. I believe in you.
I know what you're capable of; I just wanted you to trust again, you were hesitating... And Lavinia admitted inside that it was true. She had been questioning whether it had been a good idea to bind herself to such a powerful specter. Old insecurities sometimes made her retreat, and Electra was starting to realize she could push over her will. Lavinia's soul resonated and vibrated with the invasive energy sliding in through every pore. The call of Laziel's soul.
Their magics intertwined, and it was impossible to tell where one began and the other ended. Two halves of a whole. But this time, Lavinia decided to take advantage of her beloved stalker. "Since when did you have the situation under control?" She ---- lowered her head, looking at her ankle boots; a flicker of something odd passed through her eyes. "Since..." Laziel's voice hovered on the edge like a suicide jump, "... since the beginning."
###Chapter 1502
---- 284. DON'T ANGER THE WIFE! NARRATOR Lavinia clicked her tongue like she was still mad, feeling him tense up again against her back. Watching him so obedient and docile was stirring a morbid curiosity. "I get your reasons, and you even sound sweet with all those stories from the past..." the woman's voice sounded indifferent. "But that doesn't erase the fact that you moved me like a pawn, planning things even before we got here." "Lavi..." "Lavinia.
I still don't know if I forgive you." Laziel pressed his lips together hard when he heard her, a little sorry for his choices. Lavinia had never been this mad at him, not for real. He stared at the soft chestnut waves; her scent was intoxicating, sweet, delicious. But he hated that she wanted to pull away from him. He needed her like air. "I'm sorry, I didn't mean to..." he repeated. ---- He could count on one hand the times he'd apologized in his life.
His hands tightened even more when she tried to pull away. He clung to her waist and wrapped her up, leaving her no space. Did he really take this too far? He thought... she'd like the surprise... his craziness... "Let me go already, Laziel, we're in the middle of a war, I need to think..." Lavinia kept struggling, and a panic like never before seeped through the male's soul. His golden eyes began to be covered by a midnight sheen. "Think about what...? No, you're not leaving me...
I can send the specters back if you don't want them anymore!" He spun her in his arms, but her waist was still under his control, and his hand slid up to her chin to make her look at him.
Lavinia was startled to see Laziel's eyes nearly black and his face thrown out of shape Now he was starting to look more like his father when he lost control "I didn't think it would bother you that much, I just thought it was a game between us, like the ones we play in bed..." ---- "Laziel, really, I was afraid of dying..." "Never!" a deep, vibrant, strange voice roared at her, making the walls tremble. "I would never let you die. You should've known it, Lavinia.
From the first moment they threatened you and I didn't show up... you should've understood I was playing with you, that I'd never put you in real danger." Lavinia shivered, and her heart raced out of control. She wanted to punish him a little longer; since he liked games so much, give him a taste of his own medicine. But things were getting out of hand. Pushing her away from Laziel was summoning the monsters inside him. "Tell me what I have to do so we're okay, tell me...
I'll do whatever you ask, Lavinia, tell me..." He pressed her, driving her back to the wall, not pulling away from her, his mouth whispering over hers, stalking her. Spectral mist poured from his strong body and trapped her like hands that wouldn't let her go. The whole room was darkening with dancing shadows, the walls warping into a vortex of madness.
###Chapter 1503
---- The stone slabs rattled and the foundations of this place were vibrating "Calm down, Laziel, look at me, my love, look here..." Lavinia took control, or the next disaster would come. From the lack of sunbeams coming through the windows, she pictured black storm clouds covering the sky. An acid rain could start at any moment. "I'm not going anywhere, Laziel; even if I'm mad at you, we can fix it, okay?" She rose on tiptoe to press her lips to his in a damp caress while she soothed him.
She felt the dark touch all over her body, her back pinned to the stones, submitted under him. "I never meant to make fun of your magic. Only I know how incredible you are, Lavi..." Laziel leaned in to kiss her with insatiable hunger. His tongue licked the soft, plump flesh and slipped in to devour her mouth, pushing against her teeth, tangling his tongue with hers in an erotic, delicious dance.
He nibbled her and pushed at her nape to take her deep, stealing her oxygen, fucking her between the lips. ---- Lavinia moaned, smothered against the wall. Laziel's hands dropped to cup and squeeze her ass, pushing her up to climb onto his waist. "Wait... ah, no, wait, Laziel..." she panted when he hoisted her with her legs spread. She had to cling to his broad shoulders, feeling the hardness of his cock when their bodies fused. "Let's go home... let me apologize on my knees. "Laziel, wait...
shhh, honey, wait..." the witch pressed her lips together when one of her hard nipples was captured over the dress and sucked by Laziel. His silky black hair moved under her chin as he dipped his head to devour her. In the middle of excited pants, Lavinia's eyes flew wide, and her heart lurched as she looked over her male's hunched back Standing several meters away were the two specters of discord: Electra and her mate.
Apparently they'd settled their differences, judging by their clasped hands and the relaxed expression on Electra's always- depressed face. ---- In fact, right now she was looking at her with one brow raised and mockery dancing in the depths of her green gaze "I told you we should've waited longer." She heard her mumble to César, who was smiling with curiosity. "Pu... put me down, Laziel...
Aaah, stop eating my boobs already, for fuck's sake!" Lavinia exclaimed, patting his back while she was being fondled real nice. Suddenly, a black cloud of misfortune formed over the two specters. "Looks like they want to stop existing... forever..." Laziel's otherworldly voice chilled the blood. Electra and César grew a little uneasy, especially when he turned and his eyes were a blend of gold and black.
He was halfway through his anti-madness treatment, and they'd interrupted him Electra squeezed her mate's hand hard, taking a step back. Ready to protect him. She still couldn't believe César had forgiven her and decided to stay with her forever. It even looked easy, but it wasn't. She endured years of penance ---- for the sins of two lifetimes, just to have him by her side.
"Stop growling like a wild wolf or I'll get annoyed again." Laziel snorted at Lavinia's words as she straightened her clothes and climbed down from her consummate harlot pose. Laziel couldn't help kissing her forehead, feeling her calmer while his own demons reined themselves in. He had to be careful with his little games outside the bed. The prince finally understood when his father told him to avoid truly making his female mad at all costs.
He'd learned it the hard way and would never make the same mistake twice. "Electra, I won't allow what you did this time to happen again." Lavinia moved around Laziel and planted herself in front of her hired specter. "If you don't submit to me completely... I don't want you anymore..." she warned her plainly, ready to settle this.
###Chapter 1504
---- 285. PROUD GRANDSON OF THE LYCAN KING NARRATOR And not wanting her meant Electra would wander again without an anchor, would disappear someday, or Laziel would wipe her out for good. Here and now. "l accept, and this time I will never fight you again; I only have one condition." Lavinia watched her squeeze that very handsome specter's hand even tighter. She was dark by nature and cold. He was sunny, even for a specter formed from resentment. Two beings so different and yet so compatible.
"César comes with me, forever. He'll also be your hired specter; you can call on us to fight for you," she told her confidently. Lavinia, in truth, wasn't that surprised. Not after Laziel's confession. This was the outcome he'd been aiming for. She realized Laziel had also fed César with his power to make him stronger; that's why he'd regained a corporeal form. Lavinia felt her male's presence at her back the whole time, ---- protective.
If she said she wasn't moved, it would be a lie "All right... I accept you both, and you already know the consequences if you fail me again, Electra. Now I'll also have your weakness." Lavinia looked at César with cold eyes, but Electra stepped in front of him, hiding him. "Precisely. César is the best guarantee I can offer you. This time, yes, I'm sincere." Lavinia nodded after a pause of looking deeply at her. She made a cut on her fingers and lifted her palm toward her.
Electra raised a hand too, the other still entwined with her mate's fingers. Both began to recite a binding contract; not everyone was like Silas or Laziel, who could chain and create specters by will alone. The magic of both witches fluttered like birds in the air and fused into black flashes, like hands intertwining. Runes began to carve themselves into the floor around the magic circle that enveloped them.
---- Their hair lifted with force, their clothes moved in gusts of power, their eyes blazed like sparks. Black chains stretched from Lavinia's magic to entwine and subdue Electra's. César accepted too, extending his hand toward the contract. Laziel had freed him from his control. A bright light wrapped their specters when everything was done. She watched them stare at each other, hands clasped, as they faded, and she witnessed something that seemed impossible.
Electra's smile and a soft expression of deep love. The cloud of darkness around her now had shafts of clear light within it, and Lavinia felt them enter her inner world. She was dying to taste that energy moving, vibrating through her veins. This time, Electra truly gave her all her magic completely and without reserve, in exchange for being bound to the man she had longed for across two lives. With a hand to her chest, Lavinia stayed for a time, processing this incredible outcome.
###Chapter 1505
---- However, the intense eyes on her nape reminded her that he was watching her, that he had made this real A tender smile appeared on her lips, then twisted into pure malice. "So the dark little prince could be teased and get nervous too." Suddenly, Lavinia remembered she was the older one here, something she sometimes forgot. Her tongue slid out to lick her upper lip, which still held Laziel's delicious taste, then she feigned an indifferent expression. "Well, everything here is ready.
Let's take that traitor to hand him over to Victoria." She turned and looked at this Frederick, who had obviously been cursed by those witches. He wouldn't die that easily, even though César had pierced his chest. "Will you ask your specters to carry him? I'll wait for you outside... " She walked past Laziel without even looking at him "Lavi... nia," he grabbed her arm again, tense. "! thought you'd forgiven me already..." He leaned to the side of her face, frowning. Lavinia was melting...
on the inside. ---- So this was how he felt all the time... with absolute control over her. "I said I was grateful for the things from the past, that I understood your intentions today, but I need tim... Ahh! What are you doing, Laziel?!" she screamed when he hoisted her over his shoulder like she weighed nothing. One of Laziel's hands wrapped her waist, and the other smacked her ass! Lavinia was baffled by this savagery that wasn't like him. The worst part was, she was getting turned on!
Suddenly, a spectral hand covered her mouth and her eyes, wide open. Her whole body felt bound by vines, like tentacles crawling hot over her sensitive skin. They slipped under her dress to places far too intimate, pushing her underwear aside, stroking between her slick vaginal lips to twine around her clitoris. Working over her breasts and circling her nipples. The world warped and spun with Lavinia's cry.
She felt herself falling adrift, that vertigo sensation along with all ---- those hot sensations scrambling her mind Until firm hands caught her in the air, tangling her legs around a narrow waist, and the sound of wing beats came from above her. A hot breath blew in her ear as she clung to her man's powerful, solid body. She knew he had taken her into his inner world, and now she must be floating in the void and storm clouds. "You forgot, my beloved Lavinia, that I am also descended from lycans," the ethereal voice made her shiver.
###Chapter 1506
---- 286. MY SOUL HAS ALWAYS BEEN YOURS NARRATOR His magic called to her, frantic, predatory, longing. "I can be wild, calculating, playful, or serious... I can be whatever you want, as long as you promise you'll stay with me forever." His tone dropped into an even rougher vibration, "Give me your soul, Lavinia. Let me devour it and protect it inside me. Nothing and no one will ever hurt you." That request sounded too dark, dangerous, and tempting.
A worse deal than the one she'd made with Electra. A life-or-death pact, eternity bound to him... didn't sound bad at all. A crackling current of joy thrummed through Lavinia's whole body, but she was ready to make him beg for a while. For now, she started using the power Electra had given her. "You're a boy way too young, little prince." The blindfold over Lavinia's eyes cleared as she leaned in to lick his Adam's apple, slow and provocatively.
---- She felt him shiver as he swallowed and the hardness at his groin; Laziel's whole body always reacted like that to her. So honest, no longer hiding the deep desire he felt for her touch "Who knows if after I give you my soul, you'll get fixated on someone younger and I'll end up like another specter in your collection?" "Lavinia, you know I'll give you my soul too..." He held her chin so she'd look straight at his heart.
His golden eyes shone brighter than the sun; he held her by the waist while his huge wings of black mist and raven feathers fanned the air. He was beautiful, unique, so hers. "I'll give you my soul first, Lavi; it doesn't belong to anyone else, my love..." he confessed, his pupils narrowing on her like she was the most precious thing in his world, which she was. Lavinia bit her lower lip and the knot in her chest swelled with emotion.
She tilted her head, stroking her nape, aching to drive this man insane with passion. "Maybe I'll let myself be devoured by the beautiful monster, but ---- only on one condition..." she said, enjoying the spark that flashed in his eyes. With her, he never hid under that mask of perfection and coldness. "Whatever you ask me for..." "Then catch me, crybaby!" Laziel was caught off guard when she bit his nose, and his female vanished with a poof! from his arms.
He swept the whole space with his consciousness to find her- they were suspended in nothingness! But a laugh fluttered among the spectral clouds, and Laziel lifted his head, spellbound by the sight Lavinia was fanning huge wings of sparks and black bone, like a beautiful emanation of death. "You shouldn't have made this power so easy for me; now I won't be such an easy prey!" she shouted, sticking out her tongue like a brat and flying off toward the storm.
Her own specters hid her from him and obeyed Lavinia's will. They adored her the way he did. Lavi was the only one capable of drawing out that radiant smile Laziel hadn't even shown his beloved family.
###Chapter 1507
---- "She will be mine. Completely mine." Laziel lunged to find her, to hunt her down, feeling for the first time the wolf's call in his blood. The primal need to claim his female. In life and in the beyond, Lavinia and he would always be one. His inner world was filling with more and more light. sob "See? I told you she's shameless. I can't believe she's spending my power just to flirt!" César's sunny smile wouldn't leave his face as he looked at his grumbling mate.
He knew he'd stayed anchored to the world not only because of hate, but also because of Electra, despite her troubled past. "And not even when we dive deep into his inner world sometimes can you escape Lavinia's perverted moans! We'll have to make a barrier." "More like, I think... we should make more noise than they do so we don't hear them," César's spectral voice fluctuated. "Wh-what do you mean?
We're only spirits now, without real ---- physical form..." Electra even sounded nervous Two little balls of energy floating in the dark "and why would that be a problem? Let's experiment..." "Wait... César! You can't do that!" Lavinia felt a buzz in her head, and heat fluttered in her cheeks. But she kept fleeing from her beloved torment, who only let her play a little before trapping her in his nets. ?I will always be your light, my beloved dark prince.
My soul has belonged to you since you marked it as yours.? There are some soulmates that don't arise only from destiny, but are forged through will, constancy, and proofs of true love. sob While Lavinia and Laziel were frolicking in their own space, forgetting the rest of the universe, Drakkar was doing the same. Meaning, the super wolf with the bewitched mask didn't last even a whole chapter, and the "war" with the vampires wasn't even worth mentioning. The army of undead was massacring them.
So Khalum ran toward a mountain range that bordered this fief. ---- In a hidden spot in those caverns, Frederick had stashed the last piece of his heart "Hurry up, Khalum, we need that power to make our wishes come true!" Drakkar roared at his wolf, who pumped his legs faster with a fierce howl. No one was going to tell them what they could or couldn't do. There was something they wanted with all their heart.
Something of their Lyra, and if they had to drag one of the Gods' asses down here to make it real... then that's what they'd do.
###Chapter 1508
---- 287. THE TRUE IMMORTALITY NARRATOR The magic contained in his body bubbled with excitement as he climbed higher and higher toward the mountain's peak. Frederick had hidden the missing piece of the Heart at the very top of the tallest mountain, half-concealed among the clouds The huge wolf's paws gripped the gravel. He climbed the winding, slippery path until he stepped onto solid rock. The mist of the clouds filled the air, making it cold and bringing an atmosphere of mystery.
But Khalum knew exactly where that divine energy was, the one so tainted by the wickedness of mortal beings. His paw pads sank into the grass that just days ago had been bright green and damp, and now withered from the curse left at the center of the clearing "There it is, Khalum. What do you think will happen when we recover it?" Drakkar asked with some uncertainty. Knowing its origin, what worried them most was a trick from the Gods. "We must do it.
Don't be afraid, everything will be fine." ---- Khalum pressed on, following the threads of magic that were already spreading from his body and reaching out to those within the cold surface. When his body pierced the ice and expelled the last darkness, a beam of powerful light came down from above, even outshining the sun.
Khalum closed his eyes, letting himself be wrapped in the divine power granted to him since birth It coursed through every vein of his body, growing him to a colossal size no wolf on four legs had ever reached. His dark, silver fur gleamed healthy and shifted as if a loving hand were caressing his back. It was the touch of the Goddess, he remembered it well. Those cold fingers, like the midnight breeze yet so delicate and soft, belonged to Selene.
?My beautiful little wolf, how much you've suffered, but you've also lived so many wonderful experiences. I'm so proud of you, my little Khalum.? The ethereal voice rang in his ears and, in the midst of the silver lights, Drakkar thought he saw the smiling silhouette of a beautiful woman. ---- However, when Khalum finally opened his eyes fully, it wasn't the Moon Goddess he found, and Drakkar's spirit was no longer inside him.
The flames of a small fire flickered before him, casting shadows on the stone walls. He was standing at the entrance of that cave that carried so many memories. Outside it looked like night, a world on pause, a parallel magical space, and sitting on the old cushions was "him," transformed back into the weak elemental he once was. "Lykahel..." Khalum's wolf voice spread with his thoughts, without even opening his mouth. "was afraid you might have forgotten my name too...
old friend The man with a mortal appearance lifted his gaze, where a fierce beast seemed to sleep deep within those pupils. Khalum was overwhelmed with nostalgia and precious memories. He moved closer, stretching his enormous body beside the fire, recreating those times when he had protected him from predators and kept him safe from the cold.
###Chapter 1509
---- They remained silent for a few seconds, but no words were needed between them. "Has she been well? I've seen the wonders you two have forged through these eons," Khalum asked, watching him stir the embers, then added: "I'm glad you've learned to take better care of your creations, Beast God." "I didn't manage to care very well for the most precious one..." Lykahel snorted with a faintly sad tone. "And yes, Selene is fine, always creating chaos, as you've seen..." "But you like her chaos...
and I admit, so do I," Khalum grinned. "I cherish the elemental soul they created for me, it's noble and sincere. And also... the incredible mate the Moon gave me." He lifted his muzzle to look him in the eyes, knowing this moment wouldn't last forever. That the Beast God had risked conjuring this illusion just to see him was already a great honor and a risk. "I'm glad you've enjoyed your mortal adventures. It took Selene and me a long time to restore your divine energy and then...
that damned son of the Goddess tried to claim what wasn't his..." ---- Lykahel bared his fangs at the memory of that cowardly, thieving lycan, not to mention the damn witch. Every time he saw his own form projected onto that fool, it filled him with rage! He had nearly lost his temper witnessing it all from above. It was nearly impossible to descend, and worse with the fear of being punished again for rebellion.
"I swear I was about to let the beasts tear them all apart, but Selene told me to leave it to destiny... to let you make your own choices... I think she was just protecting her wretched sons!" "I'm glad you listened to her," Khalum snorted with amusement, seeing the Beast God already fuming in bad temper. That temper was what had gotten him in trouble in the first place and had drawn the hatred and jealousy of the other Gods.
"Many alliances and unions were created thanks to the search for my power. Mortals aren't that weak, Lykahel. Besides, it's been exciting." Once again silence fell between them as they stared at one another. The fire was dying slowly, and outside the stars began to dance like tiny glowing points. ---- The Beast God looked toward the outside. It was time to see if he had won or lost this bet with Selene.
"I came to keep my word, Khalum, the one I gave you and never forgot," Lykahel rose to his feet, his stature growing like a shadow that reached the cave's ceiling. "For an immortal, time is irrelevant. The time has come for you to return and reclaim all that belongs to yor already have the divine energy needed to ascend." . forever. You Khalum tensed. He had sensed it, but hadn't known it would become real.
"What will happen to what has been given to me here?" he asked, standing cautiously as well. "They'll forget you. He'll find another wolf spirit, and the female... she'll get another mate..." "NO!" Khalum suddenly roared, shaking the mountain. "I will not leave my mate behind!" He said it with conviction carved deep in his soul. "She cannot follow you, it doesn't work that way, you know that well..." the Beast God sighed, seeming once more to lose against Selene.
###Chapter 1510
---- He didn't want to go. "Then you know very well what my answer is. I don't want immortality without her, without my Lyra, and I won't abandon my elemental part either." He replied without hesitation, and the Beast God saw the same determination in him as the time he had chosen to give him his power and his life to save him. He walked around the fire and Khalum tensed, baring his fangs, alert, as he leaned close to his muzzle.
If he tried to take him by force, God or not, he would bite his hand. But this illusory form of Lykahel bent on one knee before him and only stroked his fur. "No, don't kneel. A God must not..." "Who said a friend cannot kneel before another?" Lykahel sighed. "Something told me you wouldn't return with me, that you'd found here what you needed to fill that emptiness of loneliness we couldn't mend," he sighed, defeated.
"What do you wish, my good Khalum, if you don't want the immortality and power I offer?" ---- Once more, the Beast God was given the most sublime proof of humility and simplicity. Selene had once told him he gave that part of himself to Khalum when he forged him, and it seemed she was right. "There is something I want with all my strength. I need one last gift from the Gods..." Lykahel listened with melancholy.
The blows had shaped his fierce nature, and his eyes grew clouded with the turbulence of so many feelings. "That cunning Goddess knew well you'd ask for this," he snorted, narrowing his eyes, sighing, and standing to look him straight in the soul. "You cannot use sacred power however you please among mortals, you know the rules... you'll lose your divinity, you'll be like them..." he warmed again. Lykahel wasn't giving in "I don't desire it.
I only want to be with her." Khalum replied without hesitation; he already missed her, longed to return to her side, to kiss her, to feel her little hands caressing his fur. ---- He saw the indecision in the Beast God's eyes. He knew his stubbornness. Lykahel had made him a promise, and nothing seemed more important than immortality and watching from afar the calamities of the lesser beings. "I owe you so much that it feels unfair to leave you here. I feel like I'll be failing you again...
I wish I could be selfish one more time, Khalum..." With those words, the Beast God's figure flashed in green, dissolving into an overly intense glow. Roaring in his immense form, freeing himself and expanding as he stretched out his clawed hand to hold his most precious creation. Khalum stepped back, fearing the worst, fighting to escape. But this magical space fluctuated, engulfing him and wrapping him in divine energy. When the light faded... there was no one left in the cave.
###Chapter 1511
---- 288. WAR AGAINST THE GODS NARRATOR "Aaahh!"" A scream tore from Lyra's lips as her body shot upright on the bed like a spring. Anguish flooded her chest with a horrible premonition. She couldn't feel the bond with her mate and needed to see him, right now or she'd lose him forever! She threw the blanket open and turned, intent on climbing out of bed. Her head pounded, and she'd been resting in Alpha King Cedrick's castle.
The women had stayed behind this time, organizing themselves amid all the unions that were suddenly forming. Waiting for Khalum, Lyra had barely slept during her nap. She should've gone with him, not listened to his stubbornness, protected him like she had in the past. But Khalum and Drakkar insisted on going alone this time. "Hurry up, Lyra, I need to see my Alpha!" Aztoria roared anxiously. Lyra's hand tangled in the edge of the blanket and her feet were ---- still covered by part of it.
She pitched toward the floor, dazed, in a tangle of sheets and unable to cover her face. "Aah!" She squeezed her eyes shut, bracing for an impact that never came. Strong arms caught her, and her beautiful face burrowed into a broad chest she knew all too well. That deep scent of dark storms and safe home was the first thing that had hit her little nose the day she was born.
"Daddy..." Her tear-filled eyes lifted to meet Silas's worried golden gaze as he set her back on the bed Lyra clung to him like when she was a crying pup who always sought his protection. "Ly, what's wrong? I felt your anguish." Silas stroked her sweaty forehead and brushed away the platinum hair clinging to her skin. His little she-wolf looked so much like him; in fact, none of the three could hide they were his descendants.
No matter where Silas was, his family's intense feelings cut through the darkness to reach his soul. "It's Drakkar, Dad, I need to go to him... I need you to take me, ---- something happened to my mate! Her trembling fists clutched his shirt, and the tears spilling over made the Specter King's heart ache. "All right, let's go." He helped her up because Lyra's legs were weak. Before he could call Sigrid, the bedroom door flew open and the small, black-haired woman rushed in, anxious.
"What's happening to my girl?" Sigrid ran to her when she saw the tears. "What is it, Ly?!" In front of her mother, the little drops became a strangled sob. "I have to go to Drakkar, Mom. I feel... I feel like they're going to take them from me...!" She hugged Sigrid tightly and her mother hugged her back, murmuring soft words. The Selenia had been sitting, having tea with the others, when her heart twisted One of her daughters was suffering, She looked at Silas over Lyra's trembling shoulder.
"Im going to take her to her mate." The certainty in Silas's eyes ---- soothed Sigrid She nodded, sighing; the two of them would travel faster. Who. knew where Drakkar was. "Go, go with your dad." She pushed her into her male's reliable arms. Silas would die for Lyra; of that, the Selenia had no doubt. "Ill be waiting..." "We'll all be waiting for news and ready if we have to rescue Drakkar," Gabrielle's voice came from the doorway. When Sigrid turned, she saw them crossing the threshold.
The Selenias' eyes blazed, full of power and resolve. Her grandmother, her mother, her daughter... Even fire danced in the pupils of Queen Raven Centuria. She was willing to help; this was her family now too. "Thank you." Lyra swallowed her tears, and the strength of so many incredible women reached her soul. Her father took her by the arm, holding her close, and with his other hand he summoned a dark portal behind them. Lyra didn't even change; she was going in her nightgown.
###Chapter 1512
---- As the huge spectral hand that emerged from the void wrapped around them and gently closed its fingers, Sigrid couldn't look away from those golden eyes. "Take care of our baby, my Silas," she asked in his mind with the most intimate caress of complicity that existed between them. "This time nothing and no one will separate her from us. You can be at peace, my Lady." His voice faded into a whisper inside the mist that filled the space, and the rift snapped shut. "Get the armor ready...
just in case we have to smash another realm," Valeria clenched her fists, determination roaring in her veins. Little did she imagine that if there was a war, it would be against the Gods themselves. ob Aldric was fighting like a savage, slaughtering everything in his path... or rather, trampling corpses, and not Zarek's, exactly. The fun had lasted very little, and they hadn't even fought at full strength They had even split the enemies among themselves.
---- He shook off his lycan sons, sending them on a mission to guard Cedrick's realm, where the females were, who happened to be stronger than them anyway. So much planning, only to level the stronghold in less than an hour. What a bore. But while he huffed and was about to pick a fight with Cedrick for hogging territory beyond his space, something made every hair on his pelt stand on end. A bestial roar rolled for kilometers like a shockwave of power that made them stagger.
They couldn't resist that primal aura, the divine call, the absolute power. Even the Lycan King, of an ancient lineage, fell to his knees; they all did, looking toward the place where beams of light rose into the sky. Aldric's eyes went wide; an overwhelming need to bow his head seized him. The extraordinary, colossal shape of a black-and-white wolf, like a rainbow, traced itself on the horizon.
---- Its tail moved in the air, dancing, while its mouth opened to roar across all the continents of the Moon and the Beast. And the wild answered back. The vibration in Aldric's chest became uncontrollable and pushed up his throat until the howl! ripped from his open jaws. The sound echoed everywhere; he wasn't the only one. From forests and swamps, from jungles, rainforests, from the moor and the mountains, Every animal answered, and the world plunged into chaos for a second.
?Let everyone know: the favorite son of the Moon Goddess and the Beast God is the wolf Khalum. Forever, he has our protection. ? That message seeped into all their minds: a peremptory, harsh command, demanding and powerful. No room for disobedience. The wolf in the distance roared again and exploded into a column of light that shot toward the sky, beyond the reach of mere mortals. "F... fuck, what the hell was that?" Cedrick panted, but Aldric didn't answer.
---- His eyes never stopped staring to the east as he got to his feet. His brow furrowed, and his heart clenched with worry. Drakkar was in that direction. Khalum was his wolf... that command wasn't of this world. Could it be that Khalum went with the Beast God? Then where did that leave Drakkar?... What would become of his granddaughter? At that very moment, a portal broke open at the summit of that mysterious mountain and Lyra bolted out of it. "GIVE ME BACK KHALUM AND DRAKKAR"" she screamed, crying at the back of a man standing in the middle of the mist.
###Chapter 1513
---- 289. WILL YOU BE THAT SELFISH? NARRATOR Not even when she was separated from her family and fell into a wild, hostile continent had Lyra felt so desperate. Something in her chest was tearing slowly, the fear of losing her mate. The moment she spotted the back of that strange man, she shouted at him, convinced he was the one to blame. She watched him turn slowly, and her wolf writhed with discomfort, with a desperate urge to lower her head before him.
His eyes held a savagery she had never seen in anyone... of this world "So you're the supposed mate of Khalum." The booming voice vibrated in her mind, even without him opening his mouth. He took a few steps toward her and cleared the haze, but suddenly a strike of shadows spread from Lyra's back. The intruder seized Silas's power into his clenched fist, matching its dizzying speed, then moved his hand to dissolve the spectral claws. ---- A scream of pain rang out from somewhere.
"Tsk, tsk, such disrespect," he clicked his tongue in annoyance, yet utterly relaxed Silas was submerged in the darkness of the portal, like a dark angel behind Lyra, ready to attack... even to take her away. He was uneasy; his attack hadn't been weak at all, and this " man" had brushed it aside like swatting a fly buzzing in his face. He was powerful, too powerful... far more than he was. "Keep your hate puppets to yourself, Specter King.
I don't have time for your tantrums, and I'm not Selene, who only patted you on the back," he added, and the shadows churned angrily in the vortex of power. Lykahel didn't flinch; his time was running out, his attention fixed 'on the small female holding on to Khalum. He had to make a decision here and now. "Dad, don't intervene." Lyra clenched her fists, determined to step forward too. "Ly..." Silas's rasping voice was hoarse, warning her. "Trust me, Father...
trust me, please." She turned to meet the ---- intense golden eyes, ringed by macabre swirls. It was the only thing visible in all that blackness. Silas hesitated but ended up nodding, even as the shadows coiled around his daughter's ankles, ready to pull her away from danger. Lykahel watched with curiosity as she walked up to him in the middle of the desolate clearing. She did it with courage, even though almost no one could get that close under the pressure he exerted, even in this "mortal" form.
###Chapter 1514
---- "I beg you, sir... I think... I think that god who's Khalum's friend, he... he remembered him and told me about you..." Tears began to well in Lyra's eyes, and a lump tightened in her throat. "If I have to kneel, I will; whatever you ask of me, just don't take him from my side..." Lyra started to bend her knees, but a hand clamped onto her shoulder, stopping her. Silas tensed. He had seldom been this nervous in his life, but he left the decision to Lyra.
She was fighting for her mate in her own way. "What if I'm here simply to tell you that Khalum chose immortality? That I'm only waiting, as a favor, to let him say goodbye to you," he whispered like a snake, hissing right in her ---- ear, watching each one of her reactions. Lyra would have trembled with fear under that oppressive aura, if those words hadn't shattered her mind. She lowered her head, eyes darting, staring at the withered grass. Had he really abandoned her?
No, it couldn't be, that wasn't true! Khalum loved her as much as, or more than, Drakkar. Their innocence, their warmth, their curiosity, their kindness. That intense love they professed to her... she couldn't have imagined it. "I'd tell you you're a liar." Lyra's eyes snapped up fiercely to meet the vertical pupils watching her up close. A glint of curiosity and something deeper passed through the beast's eyes.
"Khalum would never abandon me, not for his shitty immortality, not for anything}... Give them back to me!" She even grabbed him by the lapels as her wolf bared her teeth, defying the supreme hierarchy. A thin line of blood slid down the right corner of her mouth; it felt like the sky was pressing down on her shoulders without mercy. ---- "Are you going to be that selfish and refuse to release them?" Lykahel kept pushing, eager to hear her answers.
"if they already made him for me, they have no right to take them away! GIVE.ME.KHALUM!" She roared, out of breath, but determined to fight to the very end While animals and the wildest, most dangerous creatures, even other gods, were willing to lower their gaze before him, this little female shouted in his face and demanded Khalum from him. A smirk tugged at the comer of Lykahel's mouth; he could already hear Selene's laughter echoing in his mind.
He had lost this bet, like all the ones he made... he wasn't good at gambling with fate. Points of light sang and danced around him... the moment had come. "Ill give him to you... the way he asked me to. He never wanted to leave your side." The man before her straightened and brought his hands together at his center. A greenish glow began to blaze bright over his calloused palms.
###Chapter 1515
---- 290. YOU FOUND ME NARRATOR "I'll be watching you always, little Lyra. I hope you keep the promise to take care of the heart of the noblest, most precious beast I've created." Lyra's eyes flew wide when she saw, within the light, the shape of a tiny wolf lying down, a black-and-white miniature. With its little eyes closed, asleep... it was Khalum's soul. The Beast God's hands moved to her chest and fused the precious treasure he kept into her.
Lyra gasped, bringing her hand to that spot where she felt extra weight. A living heat awoke, roaring, and incredible sensations she couldn't explain. So much love swept through her veins that she began to sob. "Those are Khalum and Drakkar's feelings for you; I hope you understand he gave up everything to be by your side," a hand rested on her bowed head.
Lyra lifted her misted gaze, but she could no longer see the corporeal form that mimicked an elemental; instead, it stretched and grew gigantic amid flashes. ---- Becoming pure energy of nature with the silhouette of a lycan. The hand on her head suddenly felt so heavy and huge, while the lights danced hand in hand and sang spells from when the worlds were made and the beasts arose.
?Take good care of his soul and I will bless you with the gifts I've hidden in it for you.? With the last whispers in the wind, the light shot upward at a speed almost impossible to follow. It was as if a magical explosion lashed the mountain peak. Gusts of wind pushed the clouds and swept over the grass, which began to bloom. Everything the cursed crystal had destroyed grew back all at once.
Greenery filled the summit and multicolored flowers rose around Lyra, who still had her hand on her chest and her gaze on the sky. Her nightgown and platinum hair fanned in the storm. "Lyra... come to us," a deep, all-too-familiar voice slipped into her thoughts. The soul accompanying hers began to pull her toward a part of ---- the mountain where the white mist grew thicker.
Immersed in a forest that had sprung from nothing, it seemed enchanted and climbed until it vanished in the fluffy clouds. Lyra took one step and then another, but someone grabbed her arm. "Ly, where are you going? What did he put into your chest? Tell me, I couldn't see well, what happened to you?" Silas turned her around and even checked her over the dress. His daughter was crying, but he couldn't sense pain or sadness in her-more like... euphoria.
"Daddy, I'm fine, but I need to see Drakkar; he's waiting for me there..." Lyra pointed to the edge of the forest, which would only let her through. Silas frowned. "No. There's a magical space beyond; I can't enter there, I can feel it rejecting me..."
###Chapter 1516
---- "It won't hurt me." Lyra took his hands in hers, squeezing them. A smile stretched across her lips and dimmed the tears that had troubled Silas. "Dad, it's a gift from the Beast God for Khalum... he decided to ---- stay with me. I need to see him, please. Silas hesitated once more, but he saw himself reflected in his daughter's desperate expression. That was why he had allowed all this reckless madness.
Only he knew the pain of losing the person you love most, that bone-deep fear when you feel them being torn from your life. If only the Goddess had given him the chance to stay by Sigrid's side, no matter how. "Go... but come back or..." "Ill come back." Lyra rose on tiptoe and kissed his cheek with love. Her protector, her father in spirit. Only they had seen the smile on that cold mouth, the tenderness in his eyes.
They had felt the caresses on their little hands and feet, the kisses on their chubby cheeks... They loved their father so much, even Laziel, who always pretended indifference. Silas watched her go, sinking into the mist as the brightly green ---- forest swallowed her. He felt no malice or darkness within it, only life and intense feelings of possessiveness. He withdrew slowly and walked down the mountain.
Something told him Lyra wouldn't be coming back for now, and it was better not to think about what she'd be doing with that perverted wolf, because demigod or whatever he was, Silas was going to kick his balls when he saw him again. creed "Aztoria, where are we going?" Lyra couldn't see clearly, but her steps began to quicken and she was practically running blind until she stopped, lost. White mist surrounded her and seemed to tangle around her body with urgent caresses.
"I don't know, I just... felt them here... Lyra!" Strong arms appeared out of nowhere, and Lyra was suddenly pulled against a solid chest. The intoxicating scent of her mate made her moan with relief and loop her hands around his waist. The magical soul in her chest beat so hard she thought it would ---- break out of the prison of her skin and take flight. "Ly... you found me," the vibrant voice resonated above her head while rough caresses roamed her with longing.
###Chapter 1517
---- 291. MY LITTLE, SWEET SHE-WOLF NARRATOR Lyra closed her eyes, holding back the emotional tears slipping out of her control. She caressed his back and lifted her gaze to his midnight eyes, his masculine, beautifully savage face. "We'll always find you both, my mate... always..." She stroked his short beard and threaded her fingers through the fine dark strands. "Look, Ly...
we belong to you completely, we're yours in body and soul..." Drakkar took her hand then and guided it to his left pec. Words caught in Lyra's throat, and in Aztoria's as well Her fingertips grazed the deep, broad scar that remained on Drakkar's skin. Over the scar shaped like several interlaced lightning bolts, the letters of her name were carved into living flesh, rough, rustic, by aman's hand.. No, by a God's hand, and a very beastly one, by the way. ---- How much must this have hurt them?
Lyra shed more tears, her shoulders shaking as so many feelings crashed over her at once. They even went beyond what the Selenias did. They accepted a much more aggressive magical contract... his magical soul... was with her, inside her own chest, forever. She held the control of his life or death, of his everything... "Little one... no, you didn't like it?" Khalum's voice finally resonated in her mind, low and unsure.
Lyra looked up to see his wolfish pupils mirrored in Drakkar, who watched her, not understanding whether they had done something wrong. His furrowed brow, with that confused expression that made him look so cute. "Ly... we. "Silly mates..." She clenched her fists and thumped their shoulders. She always looked so tiny in front of his massive frame. Lyra bent down and began to kiss the scar slowly, and her name ---- marked on that bronzed skin.
Her soft lips tickled, sending delicious shivers through Drakkar's whole body; Lyra could feel his intense feelings. "Thank goodness, for a second I thought it was a bad idea to leave this in Lykahel's hands-look how sloppy he is..." The Alpha's smile began to shine on her lips at Khalum's. thoughts and Drakkar's agreement. They had done something so crazy and unique.
Spurning an incredible future of immortality, tying his life to someone else's, and all they cared about was nitpicking the aesthetics. Pft. The other males would die green with envy, even those who already had the Selenias' names tattooed. "Goddess, how I love my Alpha," Aztoria's moan filtered into their minds, and heat spread through Lyra. "Ilove you so much too, my beautiful female," Khalum answered, joining them in their inner world, stroking their muzzles and licking, desire blazing in them Drakkar's arms circled his woman's waist and drew her against him, inhaling deeply at her delicate neck.
###Chapter 1518
---- There was a moment when he felt adrift, as if he were going to forget the connections most important to him: "Ly, need you, now... I need to be inside you." He took her chin and lowered his mouth to capture hers ina hungry, deep kiss. He slid his tongue into that hot mouth, drinking her gasps, urging her toward the inside of the cave prepared for the two of them. This magical space the Beast God had gifted them, just for them.
The fire crackled and danced on the walls, where their intertwined shadows also played as they moved closer to the bed of pelts. Drakkar took the dress sleeve and rolled it down her white shoulders. He drew back from her, lust reshaping his features, licking his lips where her taste lingered. His rough hands undressed her patiently, watching the fine garment fall to the floor.
Her feminine figure bared itself to his predatory gaze; his fangs slid out and that thick slab of flesh at his groin hardened and stood, prisoner to desire. ---- "Here I am." Lyra sat on the soft pelts that smelled of sun and leaned her back against the plush pillows lining the far wall Her legs opened shamelessly for her male, hissing with excitement at the giant rising, trembling, behind the rustic loincloth. She wanted him so much that her pussy was already throbbing and dripping for him.
"I'm yours, I've always been yours... since the first time." Her voice was the most seductive spell to Drakkar's ears. Their wolves were already frolicking, driven by instinct. Drakkar went for the ties at his hip, nearly ripping off the loincloth in front of Lyra, his Lyra, his woman. She swallowed at the sight of his long, erect cock, pumping with blood and turning an aggressive, sinful, delicious ...
His beast's eyes roamed the softness of that perfect white skin, the beads of sweat glistening between her breasts Those nipples, a darker rosy hue, tempting, exquisite, and lower along her belly was the place he was dying to profane, to fill with his seed with deep thrusts. Drakkar slowly leaned in, on his knees between her legs, where ---- they would be forever. She had taught them everything they knew about love, about sex, about the pleasure only mortals could enjoy.
Drakkar leaned forward, bracing his hands beside her rounded hips, going for her plum lips again. They did not regret giving their soul to this mortal woman... they would never regret choosing love over power. Lyra and Aztoria were the gods' most precious gift to them.
###Chapter 1519
---- 292. YOU TAUGHT ME EVERYTHING DRAKKAR The taste of her sweat slid over my taste buds as I licked her gleaming skin, working my way down her neck. Lying against her on the furs, I always felt so rough, afraid of hurting her with my primitive urge to claim. My callused hands cupped those perfect, soft breasts, squeezing to bring a nipple to my hungry mouth. Ly's moans rolled above my head; careful not to crush her with my weight, I closed my lips around those delicious peaks.
"Gggrr," a harsh growl slipped from my mouth as I suckled pornographically at her tits. One day my pups would feed here, but right now they were mine, only mine, and I devoured them like a beast in heat. The heat of her pussy rubbing against my abs and the mating scent she was giving off had me hard as hell. My tongue circled her areolas and traced the little mounds, lost in lust. "aahh" a deep moan tore from Lyra, and I worried I was ---- squeezing too hard.
"Ly, did I hurt you?" I lifted my head and crashed into that face that stole my breath. Her eyes were clouded with passion, lips parted, breathing hard. I glanced at the marks my bites had left, already regretting how animal I'd been. "No, mn, it's just..." she swallowed and made an expression I couldn't read. Sometimes I feel like a fool next to her, for not knowing so many things... "Stop making that cute face," she smiled and leaned forward to kiss me.
I wrapped her in my arms and pulled her onto my lap, groaning when my cock pressed against her slick pussy lips. She was wet for me, from my caresses; she wanted me. "It's... too intense right now, Drakkar," she whispered in my ear, pressing her breasts to my pecs, arms around my neck, kneeling and open over my manhood. "Ican feel all your lust and love right here..." My rough hand was taken by her smaller one and guided to her left breast. ---- I felt my soul thundering in sync with hers.
I didn't even fully understand this wild, magical thing; I was just a savage wolf, but I was happy she could feel my feelings and Khalum's too. "It's like you're making love to me in my mind and at the same time in my body." Her seductive pant made my cock thicken, and something leaked from the tip My fingers sank into her pale hips, leaving marks, and my canines itched to bite her nape again.
"Ly..." I panted, closing my eyes as she started to grind on my erection, stroking me hotly up and down. She always knew how to drive me insane, how to control me, how to devour my sanity. She pushed me and I let myself drop onto the furs, giving her control, watching her sit astride my waist.
###Chapter 1520
---- "Let me reward you for the unique, incredible gift you gave me." Her eyes shone, full of hot promises. My whole body went tight, sweat beading and running, when she grabbed my cock and lifted from her seated position. "Mnnn." I clenched my teeth as the thick tip forced its way into ---- that tight sheath. The ring of muscle slowly yielded to the invasion, swallowing me like a hot, slippery mouth "Aahh, my male...
you feel so good inside me, so big!" Ly screamed, throwing her head back and sticking out her tongue with that so... sexy expression she never showed outside the bed. Only I get to see her like this, and possessiveness roared in my chest. She's mine, forever. "Lyra..." I groaned, fighting the urge to thrust up; I let her lower and rise on her own, getting used to my size I watched my huge cock slide in and out, wet with her fluids, thick veins throbbing and drops of my pre-cum trailing down.
Her hands clutched my chest and the air rushed from my lungs when she slammed down all at once. Her excited moan echoed through this cave that would now be our intimate, sacred space. Firelight flickered orange over her sweat-slick skin, over those gorgeous curves now rolling on me I gripped her waist and let her ride me on the soft furs. I drew my legs up and growled every time my cock plunged into the paradise between her thighs.
---- I couldn't hold back long before I was bucking upward, setting a needier, rougher, deeper rhythm Lyra lay down on my chest and went straight for my mouth, devouring me. I kissed her with the same intensity; I loved seeing her this desperate, more turned on than ever. I hoped I was doing it right for her. Her tits dragged over my hard muscles again and again.
I seized her hips, fingers digging in as I fucked up into her, slapping wetly and feeling her vulva splash against my thighs with every thrust. She moaned into my mouth, and her reckless promises of passion pushed me to the edge. The sensations of my wolf linked with hers only fed the fire. "You're mine, Drakkar, mine! Nothing is going to take you from my side, nothing!" She clawed my shoulders and drove down to meet my thrusts, her ass and breasts bouncing with every drop.
Her pussy clenched in delicious spasms, and my balls swung in the air each time I buried them to the hilt in my woman. ---- But I needed more, that fierce need to claim her again, to plant my seed in her belly. "Ly.." I panted, pushing myself up and setting her on my thick thighs. "Get on all fours. I need to mount you..." It doesn't matter that everything I know I learned from her; I still keep my primal instincts, the Alpha male's, craving to take his female. I had her in mating position over the blankets in no time.
###Chapter 1521
---- 293. VISION OF THE FUTURE DRAKKAR Lyra lowered her torso, exposing her flower to my hungry gaze, opening herself with her fingers, showing me those dark pink folds, dripping onto the bed. "Here... take me, my male, I need you now... give me your seed, knot me, Drakkar..." Something roared in my chest and I got to my knees behind her. I took my cock, so hard it hurt, and slid it up and down between her petals. "Baby...
I can't anymore..." "Don't hold back, my love, I want it rough, savage, all of you, your Aahhhl..." Her broken scream shook the cave when I plunged into her pussy in one stroke. My claws sprang out uncontrollably, digging into her hips; I drove into her with ragged growls of pleasure, quick thrusts, hunting for that bulging spot that made her lose her mind. I found it soon enough and stabbed toward it and all the way ---- deep. Leaning over Lyra's back, I ran my tongue along her delicate spine.
Her body moved under mine, the thrusts growing wilder. Silver hair hung from her shoulders, gleaming against the browns of the furs. She cried out and moaned, fists clutching the blankets. "Aaah, that feels so good, by the Goddess, I'm going to cum, Drakkar, rub my clit more!" She panted, lifting her head and trembling; my hand slipped under her belly and I started stroking in circles, just like she taught me, that tiny hard, erect point. How could something so tiny turn her on this much?
"Ly... mn, my love..." I growled, feeling the vibrant motion inside my woman Those thrilling squeezes on my cock, like she was milking me for every drop of my cum. My pupils shifted and fixed on her nape; my canines itched, lengthening in my gums. ---- When Lyra roared her release, I fell straight into the abyss of pleasure with her. I lay over her back, driving the last thrusts, feeling my seed force its way out from the pressure in my cock and fill her completely.
I opened my mouth and bit her nape, reinforcing our mark and the deep bond with my mate. My knot throbbed and the base of my shaft thickened like never before, leaving me stuck inside her as I kept spilling. I closed my eyes, savoring her blood, and opened my wrist to feed her too. My mind spun with bursts of pleasure I had never felt; feelings of mine and the other ones... they were Lyra's. This is what she meant...
I don't know how, but I could experience everything she and Aztoria felt for us. That love so deep, the raw lust, the need to mate only with us. They had always been seeking our acceptance. They recognized us from the beginning and had so much patience with this wild beast.
###Chapter 1522
---- That soul we had given her felt fuller than ever, so brimming with her love. "My mate, my whole life.." I groaned hoarsely, full of gratitude, licking her nape to heal it I braced on my elbows to hold her up so I wouldn't press her with my weight, cradling her to my chest and taking her with me. Lyra kissed my wrist, closing the wound, marked with my vital essence all over, with my scent, the way it should be.
A sigh of discomfort slipped from her lips as she was stretched by the thick knot that wouldn't stop swelling. "Just a moment, Ly, it'll pass soon..." I kissed her sweaty platinum hair, sliding my arm under her head to pillow her. I went to lift one thigh with my hand to take some pressure off her belly and make her more comfortable. Aidan had told me this trick, but I haven't had much time to pull more information from him. Why did all the males refuse to talk about intimate stuff?
It's not like I want them to tell me what they do with their partners; I won't tell them how I make love to Lyra either. ---- They're just general questions I never had a father or a male figure to teach me how to please my woman, or how to pamper her. "Is that better?" I asked, holding her thigh from behind and lifting it in the air with her knee bent. Something leaked from the join of our sexes and Lyra let out another sigh, but it sounded more like relief. "Yeah...
I can see you're learning a lot, little wolf," she chuckled through her teeth, and I didn't take it the wrong way; I know she's not making fun of my ignorance. "Is that bad? Or did you like taking advantage of my innocence more?" I whispered in her ear, smiling as she turned a bashful red. Her face dipped lower, hiding in the crook of my arm.
"Yes, sometimes I miss that Drakkar who didn't talk back so much..." "Liar, then why is your scent getting so intense?" I pushed deeper inside, pressing to her ass, the two of us on our sides, savoring her muffled moans. "I think you're learning too fast..." ---- "I think I like teasing you too, though I admit that when you ride me and make that ecstasy face while you sink my cock in, you drive me insane..." It was the plain truth.
Ever since I learned it wasn't only done from behind, I love seeing her expressions of lust. "Drakkar..." My name on her lips made my chest thud hard. I wanted to kiss her again, but as I started to lean toward her, practically pinning her beneath me while I lowered her leg, a flash crossed my mind. A vision veiled my eyes and bewitched all my senses. In the middle of a greenish mist I saw it: Lyra sitting in a flower- filled clearing, with a wolf pup in her arms.
He was the same color as Khalum, but black dominated over white. I moved closer, calling to Ly, but she didn't seem to hear me, even when I stood at her side. I looked straight at the tiny mouth as it opened in a yawn, while my mate rocked him and stroked the fur on his belly with tenderness. ---- He was my pup, I knew it the moment I saw him and, as his eyes opened, beast-red pupils stared right at me, as if he could sense me.
He began to growl, trying to break free so I would hold him, and when she held him back, worried, he let out a little deep roar, childlike but powerful. I could feel it, and he was barely a cub. Something moved in the forest around her and, when I lifted my gaze, I was stunned. We were surrounded by massive, dangerous beasts, scaled and fanged, that could hurt them with a single snap of their jaws. Every alarm went off in my chest.
###Chapter 1523
---- 294, ARE YOU RUNNING FROM YOUR MATE? DRAKKAR My whole body tensed at the beasts' sounds, but before I could defend my family, I saw how they lowered themselves on their paws toward them... No, not toward them...toward him. I looked back at my pup in his mother's arms, her fingers playing in his fur, unaware she was surrounded by predators. His red eyes fixed on me again, and they no longer looked like those of a newborn just arrived in this world.
Something hid in their depths, an intense gleam, full of higher power, of wisdom, of divinity... "Drakkar... love, what's wrong?" Lyra's voice pulled me from that vision, which vanished from my mind as quickly as it came. Had I imagined it? "I saw it too." Khalum spoke to me, serious. Then it was "real." "Ly... they showed me something strange..." I told her what had been revealed to me. She went quiet in my arms while the knot slowly went down.
---- "Maybe you'll get pregnant from this," I said, and felt her shiver, her back going rigid. "You don't want to? But you told me..." "I do want to, my love," she sighed, relaxing against my chest, fused to me with no space between us. I lowered her leg, feeling my cock slip free with wet sounds from inside her. "The Beast God told me we'd have surprises. I just... wonder what kind of powers our pup will have," she said, uncertain.
I leaned in to kiss her mark; my sweat mixed with hers, our scents blending; I stroked her belly slowly. "No matter how special he is, I'll love him and protect him with my life. Khalum and I will do it, both of us, because you two are what matters most to us," I confessed, voice rough. "He's the pup of the woman I love most in this world. He'll be the King of our continent," I dared to ask for what I'd been thinking about for a while.
"Stay with us, Lyra, in our continent; I'm ready to claim the throne for us, for our son. It's the Beast God's land." My words tumbled out, afraid she'd say no. If she refused, I'd still go with her; we didn't care about the ---- throne. I just wanted a home for our bloodline But she didn't speak, and I got more anxious. "if you don't want to and prefer to stay with your family, I..." "My silly mate." She slipped away and rolled on the furs until we were face to face.
Right away I was caught by those beautiful, intelligent orbs. My hand circled her waist and her leg came up over my hip, something hot spilling down my thigh as she opened her sex. Her breasts brushed my chest, lighting my blood all over again. "I was picturing my dad's face when he finds out Nyx is staying with Aidan and me in your realm... get ready to fight..." She gave me that smile that made my heart pound.
"For you I'd fight the whole world if I had to." I dipped to devour her lips, wanting to drown in her kisses. "What an eloquent mouth, look how you've learned... show me what other tricks those indecent men whispered to pervert my innocent Drakkar..." Her tongue slid out to lick my upper lip erotically, then sucked it and tugged it between her teeth. ---- My cock stood at attention again, but I was in a bind. Truth was, I didn't know any more tricks.
I had to improvise as I clumsily lunged over her delicious body. Today, I was set on giving her that pup. "Tsk. Those stingy males won't spill a thing," my wolf muttered in annoyance before drowning in lust again. But Dracomir owed us a favor, so I plan to collect as soon as I see him. I've got sooo many questions to ask him: One day I'm going to surprise my Lyra and do something so perverted she'll scream my name and it'll reach the Gods themselves.
eoeeed "NARRATOR" While the lovestruck pairs were mating like rabbits in their inner worlds and the war had ended successfully for the Wolf Lord, in the Alpha King Cedrick's continent, two bored lykans had finally found something to do. "I say we split up," Fenrir told his twin.
"This swamp is way too ---- big." "Fenrir, I think we should ask the swamp's Alpha for permission before we invade his lands to hunt those fugitives," Magnus frowned, both of them standing at the southern edge of the boggy forest. "That would be a waste of time. What if the rebels escape?! Mom gave us this task and I'm not going to fail her!" he snapped, turning his back and starting off. As always, he intended to do whatever he wanted.
"More like, why don't you admit you're running from the chance of running into her?" At Magnus's sober words, his twin halted, posture going rigid. "I already told you I'm not sure. There were tons of scents, lots of warriors fighting and chaos..." He kept talking without facing him. "But you won't even give yourself the chance to find out," Magnus's hand closed over the other redhead's shoulder. He knew Fenrir didn't want commitments, that he'd refused to fall into the bond's snare.
He loved his independence and adventurous freedom too much. "Fenrir, what if that woman with snow-white hair is your mate?"
###Chapter 1524
---- 295. BAD DECISIONS NARRATOR "I told you I wasn't sure..." Fenrir replied with annoyance. "You don't want to be, either." Magnus yanked him around, eyes full of accusation. "Do you know how many wolves are dying to find their mates, and you're about to pull one of your stupid stunts?" "If you want her so much, keep her! I'm gifting her to you, now let me go, fuck!" Fenrir shoved his brother's heavy paw away in anger. Their blue eyes locked; their dark reddish hair glinted in the shafts of light filtering through the tall trees. "You're going to regret this...
if she finds out, and she really is your mate..." Magnus trailed off, but his point was crystal clear. "She won't find out if you don't run your mouth, and I'm not planning on finding her anyway, so let's do what we came for," Fenrir stayed stubborn. His demeanor could seem laid-back, almost comedic, but beneath that layer of humor there was still a lycan with a fierce temper. ---- Magnus snorted, itching to crack his twin's skull open one more time.
As always, he warned him about the disaster coming, and the other redhead ran that advice straight through those balls he'd inherited from their father. "Where are you going now?" Magnus followed him into the brush, watching their footing because the ground here was treacherous. "I'm taking my side. It's better to split up to track more territory." Fenrir didn't even turn to look at him as he strode off. "Just say you can't stand criticism," Magnus huffed, thinking how bad an idea it was to split up in a swamp they didn't know.
His brother's answer was to raise a hand and flip him the middle finger before disappearing from sight. "Very mature, as always." Magnus's eyes flashed with resignation, and he headed off in another direction. Their mother had sent them to hunt down a group of rebels, mixes of warlocks and beast-men, who'd slipped through the net. Magnus knew their father sent them here just to keep them away from the real war. ---- And their mother had asked Queen Raven for anything to do, whatever, since Fenrir had been bitching all day about being bored.
"He's a brat in front of Mom," the huge lycan snorted as he crouched to check some tracks that looked pretty fresh. People had come through here recently. They could be the rebels or hunters from the swamp pack. His fingers traced the edges of one particularly confusing print. From the depth of the mark, it didn't seem like a man's; however, the feet were a bit big for a woman. Or they could belong to a small man, because the shape was of boots... Magnus's eyes narrowed with curiosity. Looks like there would be some fun after all.
He stood and began to follow the tracks that would lead him to an unexpected and far-too-tempting prey. soba Meanwhile, in the Wolf Lord's provisional camp... ---- "If anything happened to my granddaughter because you left her alone..." Aldric paused for a second to consider the gruesome torture he'd inflict on that cocky white-haired guy. Inside the huge meeting tent, he pointed at him while standing, accusatory, as Silas waited seated. "She's my daughter, and she knows how to defend herself very well." The golden eyes looked at him coldly.
"Besides, she wasn't alone, she was with her mate, something I need to learn to respect." Right in the chest, with a blatant jab included. The other males took the hint.
###Chapter 1525
---- They were already gearing up to split them apart. Aldric clenched his teeth, and his fist cracked from the pressure. He had a savage urge to smash that pretty-boy face. "So you think you're better than me, huh?" he snorted, blasting air out of his nose while fur started to sprout from parts of his back. "You've got two females. I'll sit back and watch your shitty face ---- when each of them shows up with a belly full of triplets." "So your grandkids bother you, then?" Silas kept playing with his luck. Without the women here, it was like a minefield about to explode at any moment.
"NO, YOU BOTHER ME, YOU AND YOUR 'I'M UNTOUCHABLE AND SUPERIOR TO THESE BEASTS' ATTITUDE!" The roar almost blew the tent to pieces. "Let's all calm down," Cedrick put a hand out in front of the Lycan King, who was on the verge of shifting and growling like a savage. Fighting with Silas was like punching cotton. Even he was getting pissed off just seeing him sit there all serene, and he wasn't even the father-in-law. The bastard didn't even muss his hair, and lycans were hot- blooded beasts with more violent reactions.
"The border guard just informed me that your granddaughter has arrived at the camp," Dracomir nudged him from the other side. The Lycan King snorted and finally went to pour himself a drink from the little table in the corner. ---- If they hadn't left yet, it was because they were worried Lyra was okay. For a second, Dracomir was glad his father-in-law wasn't Aldric... for just a second. But his gaze shifted to the ancient vampire sitting by the stove, reading a book pulled out from who knows where... Red pupils narrowed at him menacingly over the edge of the pages.
They seemed to say, "Don't get too comfortable around me. I'm still planning how to turn you into an undead without my daughter finding out." 2 For the sake of his own paranoia, Dracomir looked away and decided to go out and oversee the logistics. Basically, thanks to his allies' help, he had wiped out all resistance on his continent. Now, with absolute power in his hands, he had to think not like 'the lord of a fief, but like a king. Dracomir was set on offering his vampiress a throne and making her his queen.
He still had a road ahead, though, but he had several wise, ---- responsible leaders to ask Leaders... unpredictable ones sob When Dracomir came back into the tent, he found that the couple causing all the drama had already returned. "Did the Beast God himself really carve your mate's name into your chest?" Aidan was staring, like everyone else, at Drakkar's open shirt. The wolfish pride was obvious, his chest swelling, and even Dracomir felt curious. "And why the scar? I don't get it, Aidan doesn't have that..." Cedrick leaned in to look, too. "It's not the same.
Lyra isn't a Selenia; can't you see the name was etched on the outside of the skin?" Aidan answered him, and everyone nodded. They even shot poor Drakkar condescending looks It really wasn't such a big deal, and it was obvious the Moon Goddess had better penmanship than this sloppy God. + Even Silas watched in silence. ---- He thought about what he'd witnessed, believed they'd give him a more spectacular gift than that ugly scar, Enthusiasm and curiosity quickly turned into disappointment.
"I wonder how many of you actually handed your soul to your mate," Lyra huffed, tugging on her man's arm. Her hands went to her hips in a gesture very typical of the females in her family. She was pissed. "The soul?" Aldric frowned, looking again at the aggressive, deep marks. "Yeah, Grandpa, that scar on Drakkar's left pec is because he literally gave me all his feelings and his love." Lyra touched her chest, and understanding slammed into everyone. "No fucking way... You endured something like that?" Cedrick's jaw practically hit the floor. These men were truly insane.
The worst part was the ridiculous idea that was crossing his mind... Was there any way he could do it too? 1
###Chapter 1526
---- 296. NO ONE CAN BEAT DRAKKAR NARRATOR "Can you do that by praying to the Beast God?" Aidan asked too, frowning. The same idea was running through those competitive brains. What an obsession with proving their devotion at any cost. "No. Lykahel gave this blessing only to me," Drakkar huffed, sliding his hand around Lyra's waist. Family or not, that many males around his female had his nerves onedge. "Who's Lykahel?" Aldric asked, already imagining the answer. "He's the Beast God," Drakkar answered like it was nothing, and everyone glanced at each other out of the comer of their eyes.
Dropping a God's given name just like that... nobody did it lightly. Well, except for a certain vampire with a certain Goddess, who didn't even pay attention to his tantrums anymore. But deep down, even though Aldric treated Drakkar like a young lycan in the family, he understood perfectly how special he was. ---- No one knew how far his power would go if he ever got serious, and he was just grateful that this colossus was on their side. Who can top rejecting divinity for love? The bar was set way too high. "The Beast God himself came for him, and Khalum chose me over immortality.
My man is incredible," Lyra even made a smug little pout. Khalum and Drakkar saw that pout on her lips and were dying to kiss her again. They should've stayed longer in their private space. Time didn't pass the same way there; they even slept an entire night, and here only a few hours had gone by. "Ahem, cool it, kid. That outfit you're wearing isn't exactly conservative," Aldric snorted, wrinkling his nose at the intense pheromones.
Demigod or whatever, his body had very "mortal" reactions Drakkar was way too transparent about his sinful thoughts, and the outline of his dick was already thickening, making a peak in his loincloth. When Lyra glanced down and saw the anaconda waking up, she ---- wanted to die right there in front of her grandpa and her father. Red climbed her neck and cheeks. "It's just that I love my female so much," Drakkar even had the nerve to confess, staring at her intensely, and that thing kept pointing up.
"Control yourself, love..." Lyra whispered through her teeth, pinching his arm with a trembling hand. Her face was full of discomfort, wishing the rug would swallow her whole. Dracomir and Cedrick couldn't hold back their snickers. Aidan looked at him with understanding eyes. Who hasn't gotten turned on in public while craving their mate? But yeah, that rustic outfit was not exactly a great cover-up. "Fuck your little savage, Ly..." Aldric huffed. "Though at least he's not a hypocrite like some who play decent and then do worse things in secret," he shot Silas a sidelong look.
He just couldn't let it go, not even in his sleep. Coldness and a dark haze swayed around Papa Silas, who was fighting to act "civilized" in front of his cub. ---- His daughter was a woman now, and he wasn't going to be Aldric 2.0. He was set on behaving above it... in fact, he'd already done his part here. "Ly, I'm heading out. Your mother must be worried. I can see everything turned out fine," Silas said, blatantly ignoring Aldric's poison. "Dad..." Lyra started to step forward to kiss him, but Drakkar's hand on her waist was stuck like glue.
In fact, they'd drifted quite a ways from the other males. Wolves were way too possessive with their women. Silas stared at him with a hint of threat. That was his baby, the one he'd protected and watched grow, a piece of his soul, and that selfish wolf wanted her all to himself now... bastard son of the beast... "Dad!" Lyra's exclamation snapped him out of his unconscious actions. A dark hand had stretched out in the air toward Drakkar with grim intent. ---- Silas reined it back immediately as the black left his pupils. "And then he plays the superior dad...
See what it feels like to have your cub's love stolen? And I only had one..." Aldric lifted his middle finger to show him "one." + Now we knew where Fenrir had picked up his bad habits. "I'm with your mother, Ly..." Silas's rough voice finally spoke, completely brushing off Aldric's provocations. That was exactly what ticked the Lycan King off the most. "Thanks for coming with me, Daddy!" Lyra blew him a kiss despite Drakkar's grumpy face. Ahint of a smile tugged at the Specter King's mouth as his spectral shadows wrapped around him.
She would always be his little cub, and no one would ever steal his place in her heart. 1
###Chapter 1527
---- 297. WHO'S MORE IMPORTANT HERE? NARRATOR "And my brother with Lavi?!" Lyra remembered at the last second and shouted to Silas before he vanished. Where had Laziel and Lavinia gone? "They're fine, don't worry. They'll show up later." Those stunning golden eyes got lost in the darkness, but they kept silently warning Drakkar. Ex-God or whatever he was, if he hurt his child, Silas would skip the warnings and go straight to action. With a cloud of blackness, the Specter King disappeared into nothing, swallowed by the carpeted floor. "I'm done here too.
I'm too old to be babysitting skirts," Aldric snorted, heading toward Lyra despite Drakkar's oppressive aura. Even Aldric would have a hard time getting close, but no one would keep him from his blood. He kissed Lyra on the forehead, and she leaned toward him affectionately, brushing a hand over his short reddish beard. Drakkar's warning growl deepened. He couldn't help it. ---- "Save your fangs for enemies. I'm her grandfather, so tough luck if you don't like me kissing my granddaughter," he told Drakkar with dangerous eyes. Lyra got alittle nervous, thinking she might have to step in.
But Drakkar only huffed and nodded, tugging her back to him, practically strangling her waist, yet without snapping anything rude at the Lycan King. "All right, if everything's clear, I'll go tell Vale and your mother that this whole Gods business ended without further trouble," Aldric took his leave without much flourish. Even he no longer saw the fun in being away from his mate for so long. His head nearly brushed the top of the canvas as he strode off with powerful steps.
"Cedrick, how about some beers with me at that tavern you mentioned?!" he roared to the other mountain of muscle and testosterone. "Let's invite Vale and Raven." "Sure, and my little daughter-in-law should come too, since Amber can't drink while she's pregnant," Cedrick yanked his boy by the arm. So many years away from Aidan, and now he wouldn't even let ---- him pee alone. Aidan, for his part, made a face of resignation. He wanted to escape those two old monsters so he could be as horny as Drakkar and go feel up his Nyx in private.
Vincent was lucky to have Amber pregnant all to himself, the perfect excuse to lock themselves in their room all day. Looked like Aidan would have to steal his female and disappear ona veeeery long trip Take a page from Drakkar, who was also leaving, practically dragging his mate like a predator with its harmless prey. Who knows what they'd do in secret. "Dracomir, make sure the next war is more fun!" Cedrick shouted from outside before ordering the horses to leave. The passage between the continents was already open.
They were so loud and yet inspired so much strength At their side, no battle looked hard. Dracomir twisted his mouth, not sure whether to laugh or cry. He still remembered how they tore through the battlefield and even divvied up the enemies. ---- What he'd thought impossible-what had cost him even his relationship-got resolved in less than a day. "Wait..." he remembered suddenly that he wanted to ask them for some advice on running the realm. He frowned, sighing. Well, maybe they weren't the best option.
I mean, each of them had a continent, and here they were, neglecting their thrones to go "have fun." His gaze then drifted to the vampire still reading in the corner, as if none of this concerned him. "What are you staring at?" Zarek lifted his eyes to skewer him. "Nothing interesting. Can you bring Victoria to me already?" His woman had been taken to where the women of her family were gathered. With everyone leaving, Dracomir started getting anxious at the thought she might abandon him.
"Why do you want my daughter to come if your realm is still a mess?" Zarek raised a brow, snapping the book shut. "We'll fix it, but together... she's my partner," the last line came out through clenched teeth. ---- The lycan beast's pupils narrowed. "Prince, I don't want to fight you. You're important to Victoria..." "I'm her father. I'm the most important one to her," he clarified, rising to his feet. The air began to crackle again, like a storm was rolling in. "And I'm her mate. I'm not going to let you pull her away from me!" Dracomir roared in anger.
"I don't care about your immortal army, your power, your threats ... I will fight for her to the death!" The central wooden beam boomed with his roar. He said it with such conviction that even the vampire prince swallowed the poison he'd been ready to fling in the wolf's face. Truthfully, he liked that the Lord was willing to do anything for Victoria. They stood there staring each other down, measuring one another, on a thin line between understanding and a point of no return. Dracomir saw him open his mouth and braced for the next snub from his father-in-law.
---- Apparently, pathological jealousy was like a contagious disease in this family. 1 "My daughter and you..." "Dracomir...!" The tent flap was pushed aside, and Zarek's words got stuck in his throat.
###Chapter 1528
---- 298. THE MASTER OF AN INNOCENT DEITY NARRATOR Both turned their heads in unison to see the carefree savage, almost naked, who walked in without a clue. Or rather, he was wiping every protocol with his loincloth. "Drakkar, what's going on?" the Lord frowned, not understanding "lm taking Lyra to your stronghold. I'll stay a few days at your place so you keep your word," Drakkar stopped at the entrance. His jet-black hair fell in waves below his shoulders, and those midnight eyes stared straight at him. Dracomir suddenly had a bad feeling, "Of course, you can stay as long as you like.
But how can I repay you for your help?" He asked with curiosity. What did this incredible man want from him, the one who was willing to abandon heaven for love? "I've got a lot of questions. First one: how do you raise a wolf pup?" Drakkar fired off without warning. ---- "What?" Dracomir nearly choked on his own saliva. He heard a strange sound and, when he looked at his father-in- law, instead of the usual stiff face, Zarek was covering his mouth. Obviously, he was amused by this tight spot. "Drakkar, I... I've never raised pups, I wouldn't know...
look, the prince has a daughter," he passed the ball in a heartbeat "My daughter is a vampire, not a she-wolf... or did you miss that detail?" Zarek hissed a warning. Don't even think he'd leave him in charge of the sex education of an innocent God. "Well, it's true you don't have pups yet..." Drakkar scratched his beard, thoughtful. "But there's something else..." "Wait, Drakkar!" the Wolf Lord stopped him, almost afraid to hear the next question. Resigned, he looked at the face of a confused student.
Well, fuck it; he wasn't going back on his word "lll explain all your doubts when I have some free time, okay?" he answered, watching that rough frown ease. "Are you staying a few days with Lyra?" ---- Drakkar nodded with a sigh. He liked this male. He was direct and not as tight-fisted as the others. Aidan was approachable too, but he'd slipped away from his questionnaire this time. "All right, I'm leaving before this turns into hugs and kisses," Zarek started toward the exit. If he hadn't left yet, it was because he truly intended to set this realm straight.
He knew perfectly well that no matter how much he opposed it, his daughter had already decided to stay. But suddenly, as he passed by Drakkar, a barrier stopped the prince. "I don't kiss or hug anyone but Lyra, much less a male. Watch your words," the growl rumbled in Drakkar's throat as the vampire went by. Zarek paused for just a second at the sharp aura spreading from the lycan. The beast watched him with narrowed eyes. A raw warning from Khalum.
###Chapter 1529
---- Zarek glanced at him sideways. Definitely powerful, too powerful, and he knew well the strength Gods could have. Fortunately, Lyra had managed to tame this dangerous beast. "It's true. I'm sorry I offended you," Dracomir was astonished to see his father-in-law apologize for the first time. Drakkar snorted and nodded. "lm heading to your stronghold with Lyra. Don't forget your promise, Dracomir," the wild wolf turned on his heel to leave just as he'd arrived. The air went stagnant again, with a breeze of awkwardness.
"Dracomir," Zarek turned backlit, standing between the open flaps of the exit. "Believe it or not, I know very well how to rule and build a realm. I wasn't a prince in name only." Dracomir looked at his father-in-law, a little box of surprises. Always unpredictable. "lll help you raise your empire... for my cub's safety." Something tightened in the Lord's chest. A sense of support he still wasn't used to. ---- "Ill listen to your counsel, then," Zarek liked his answer. If Victoria were here, she might even be proud they weren't trying to claw each other's eyes out.
"Also, Laziel delivered that old enemy of yours to me. What do I do with him?" he finally asked. "Turn him into an undead... in the most atrocious, painful way you can," he answered through clenched teeth, hatred filtering through every syllable. "You don't even need to say it... I've got several 'experiments' just for him," Zarek's right corner of the mouth arched with malice. For the first time, the two were in sync, and it was only the beginning of the time they'd have to spend together... whether they liked it or not.
"Save me a front-row seat," Dracomir muttered with the same malice, watching the ancient vampire's back. Who would've thought he'd someday earn such distinguished titles? ?Bed Master? of an innocent demigod and ?First Son-in-Law? to a millennia-old vampire who shit on the Gods every day. ---- His picturesque life, as the new King of Crazyland, just kept getting better. sob While everyone went off doing their own thing, ignoring their own realms and business, the lycan twins were living out their own adventure. One that would end with Alpha Hakon, the owner of the swamp... pissed as hell.
###Chapter 1530
---- 299. AMAN ORA WOMAN? MAGNUS, "There are noises up ahead. Stay alert," my wolf, Grimm, sniffs the air and warns me. My boots sink into unstable ground; honestly, this swamp is a pain. Also, a solid place to hide, because the deeper you go, the thicker this nauseating fog gets. "I think you should cover your nose. Even with my resistance, this stench is getting to me. I think it's toxic." He warns me, but we're already swallowed by the mist and, yeah, there are bodies moving up ahead. I don't get a chance to cover my face before one of the shadows lunges at me. "Yuri...
is that you?!" a man's voice roars at me, and I narrow my eyes to make him out. "Run, run, damn it!" he yells, confused, but I'm not this Yuri guy, and I'm not running anywhere. l intercept him and, right in front of his terrified, stunned eyes, I ---- go straight for his throat. No doubt he's one of the rebels who escaped. His scent gives him away. Sorcerer. I move forward, careful not to sink a foot into some death trap in the swamp. A few yards away, sparks and flashes, voices and the clash of blows tell me there's a fight going on. But who against who?
The air is so muddled I can't see straight, and I dive in blind. I bump into another sorcerer trying to flee, and on a little island, two more are fighting. The heavy, sharp stink of rot and something... off... is starting to mess with me. "Grimm, clench your damn teeth and hold on," I snarl at my wolf. I still don't see the need to shift into a lycan. I leap over the bog and hit solid ground hard. Two men are fighting, and my eyes and nose tell me one is using magic and the other is part animal, maybe a werewolf.
---- I shake my head hard to clear it; this place is dangerous and I'm being reckless, I know, but I trust my strength I see the guy who might be a werewolf hit the ground and the mage letting loose some kind of cold magic. Looks like ice, like Nyx's mate, but mages can summon cold energy too. I sprint, without wasting time, before he can bring that shiny dagger down and finish him. My claws shoot for his throat, but he springs away from me with quick, clean agility. We square off in the fog, sizing each other up. Something was off here... was I caught in some kind of illusion?
He was a bit short for a warrior, but stocky; face and hair covered by a heavy cloak, only his eyes showing. Smart. He's shielding himself from whatever this fog is, My gaze slid to the guy groaning on the ground; the scent now read beast-man, not my kind. A rebel too, maybe? Then who's the hooded fighter? A mage? "Come closer..." Grimm's curious voice surprised me.
###Chapter 1531
---- He's pretty surly with strangers, and now he was on his feet, trying to scent that warrior, clearly interested. "Tell me... who are you?" I took a few steps, swallowing some of that disgusting mist, and asked. But before we got anywhere, that mage rushed me. "Wait, I just want to talk!" I roared, legs bending into a defensive stance. In seconds, he was almost on top of me. My eyes shifted to my wolf's red and locked with his. Up close, I caught the pale gray in them, striking, with a dark ring circling the iris, set off by long, pretty lashes that were way too... feminine?
A subtle scent of wild violets slammed into me like a gale, knocking me sideways. I'm a seasoned hunter and a lethal fighter. A lycan descended from the royal line and, for the first time in my life, my wolf and I froze. "Get down, damn it!" the muffled roar from behind that cover snapped me out of it, but too late. ---- The hiss behind me was way too close. I spun fast, but still took the hit. Some kind of liquid splashed onto my combat gear, melting the fabric on contact and eating into my chest. Pain scorched across my skin, and the stink of rot and hot iron turned almost unbreathable.
Right in front of me rose the massive head of what looked like a dark greenish serpent, blending perfectly with the swamp. I'd never seen a creature this huge, several meters long, and it was still coiled. White eyes stared my way, though they looked blind, maybe because it lived underground and sunlight barely reached here. Its hissing grew meaner by the second. The rings of scales rippled, coiling to strike, fangs dripping that black fluid that had hit me and was still burning my chest. "Don't fight it...
run, run!" Before I could call on my shift to battle, a smaller hand in a leather glove grabbed mine. She shoved me aside, and I didn't resist. We dove clear of the whip-crack strike of that reptilian head and ---- kept running Through fog and obstacles. Something told me this was the nastiest part of the swamp, but my new ally seemed to know where we were headed... or so I thought. She stopped short, and I almost smacked into her back. Up close, I realized she was tall for a female; even under those masculine layers, she looked a little... curvy.
The smell of lavender fought to escape her clothes and, while she stared out at the deep lagoon, I couldn't help lowering my nose, trying to catch a whiff above the fabric over her head. "Shit, shit, I picked the worst path... now I don't... What the hell are you doing?!" She spun with an angry roar; pretty sure she caught me sniffing her. "No idea what you're talking about. I was just following you and, by the way, who are you?" I frowned, trying to look calm that I didn't actually feel.
###Chapter 1532
---- 300. ARE YOU MY MATE TOO? MAGNUS, I didn't know what was happening to my wolf; he didn't act like this. But when those gray eyes cut through me again, annoyed, I couldn't look away. "Clearly, I'm not one of the rebels. I'm..." before introducing himself, he tensed up again. This time I flipped my instincts on and quit the stupidity. Something moved in the water, which started to bubble; worst of all, the hissing and dragging sounds were following us, getting closer. I think we bought time when it stopped to eat the wounded beast -man, but now it was hunting us. "We don't have a choice!
This way... keep away from the edge of the bog!" She shouted just in time for the murky water to shudder and an ultra-large gator thing burst out. What the hell were they feeding animals out here?! ---- I followed her again, now running from two predators, but we didn't get far. I understood why she'd resisted taking this path: it was a death trap. With almost no warning, the ground gave way under our boots and, even with snarls and thrashing, we were swallowed into a pit. Looked dug out like a kill trap by one of those beasts.
I caught her midair, pulling her tight to me; every instinct screamed at me to protect her. I hit the ground on my back a few yards down, just wet earth, with that soft, full body landing on mine. One hand cupped her head so she wouldn't smash it against a root or rock, the other clamped around her waist. All around us was darkness and that foul stench that kept burning my nose My eyes fixed on the round opening a few yards above our heads, and the soupy fog made it hard to see. But I had a bad feeling: danger was closing in, and now we were in a tight spot, easy to besiege.
---- "Damn it, this is a mess! Can you let me go or are you glued to me?!" she snapped, and I realized I was still pressing her to me. had to admit, the curves hinted at under the masculine clothes didn't feel bad at all in my rough hands. She got to her feet cursing, and before I could start climbing, she shoved back her hood and face covering. She lifted her hands and closed those beautiful eyes to call up winter magic. The temperature plummeted and sheets of ice began to coat the dirt walls and seal the hole above like a barrier. I frowned as more and more snow drifted around us. Still...
I was riveted by that porcelain-white skin on her full, pretty face. She wasn't some delicate, skinny woman; even well disguised, she could pass as a man thanks to her height and those slightly brusque moves. While I stood there dazed, staring, she actually did something useful and sealed the cave. "Grimm, why do I feel like this? Why are you so interested? Is she
###Chapter 1533
---- "I can't feel her inner wolf; I've tried to reach it, but... there's only avoid and a lot of cold." He answered me and, still sitting on the ground, my gaze snagged on the white hair streaming in the wind. Winter magic, white hair, and a female who fought like a warrior. Suddenly I had a bad hunch... it couldn't be a coincidence. "Well, at least this way we'll survive the night, and Dad will find us soon." She dusted off her hands, eyeing the white ceiling with satisfaction. I went to stand.
I needed to ask her, questions were eating me alive, but a stab, like a knife jammed into my chest, made me hiss. looked down and realized the poison had gotten me. The fabric over my chest had been melted by that acid, and my skin was feverish, flushed red shifting toward purple. "Oh no... the Queen Cecilia's venom got you." she muttered, and before I could tell her I was fine, that my Selenia blood could burn it off over time, she was shoving me back down. This time onto the remains of a fallen log.
---- She crouched in front of me and yanked my shirt open, no ceremony, zero delicacy, straight to the point. Females almost always got shy about checking a male's body, especially one they'd just met. Though I'll admit her rough attitude made my cock twitch, excited. Not exactly appropriate thoughts, her riding me hard, flashed through my overheated brain. I think this toxin-soaked swamp was messing with my head. But when I saw her face close to mine and watched her strip off her gloves to touch my pecs bare-handed, I realized, a little bitterly, she had no intention beyond helping me.
The only one with filthy thoughts here was me. The violet scent was way too close to my nose, tempting me to breathe it straight from her skin. "I'm going to heal you. I don't have the antidote herb here, but I can draw it out bit by bit from the wound... it just takes time." She lifted her gaze and those gorgeous gray eyes were within reach of a small lean. ---- My eyes wandered over the arc of her delicate nose and those full, kissable lips. My wolf kept pushing to know her, to connect with her wolf. "Who are you?" I asked, praying the answer wouldn't be what I feared. "My name is Hannah.
I'm a woman of winter and the daughter of Alpha Hakon of the swamp." All my hopes collapsed with her words. Of course, what were the chances a she-wolf could wield magic .. winter magic, at that? Only two special clans on this continent could pull off that, miracle. Centurias and Men of Winter. I'd heard a winter woman had been born, a miracle. White hair, a fighter, a warrior who took part in that dispute over Nyx. "And you are...? Though I can guess from your reddish hair..." ?No, you don't,? I murmured to myself, listening to her name my parents, my nieces, my family.
---- My wolf went quiet, stopped pressing me, but I could feel his unease His curiosity about her, his urge to explore her, to test what we suspected. If only her wolf were present... ?You have no idea I'm the brother of the man who could be your mate, and I... maybe I am, too? 1
###Chapter 1534
---- 301. IT'S HURTING ME A LOT... HANNAH "What the hell is happening to me with this male?!" "Lycan prince, lie back on your cloak," I asked, my voice coming out more commanding than usual. I tried to sound calm. I mean, I've always been a confident woman! But something about him made me nervous. "Just call me Magnus," he corrected me again, and I nodded in uncomfortable silence. looked away a little when I saw him take off the ripped cloak and then his shirt to lay them on the cave floor. Goddess, this male was handcrafted, damn his genetics.
He was so hot, with bulging muscles perfectly cut in all the right places. Huge, broad shoulders and a narrow waist. The pants hugged his ass in the sexiest way, and I never thought reddish hair falling down a man's back would get my attention so much. His pale skin was more golden on the shoulders from the sun; it ---- was obvious he worked out and hunted, He lay down, exposing the front of his body. My shameless eyes couldn't help but glance at the hard bulge in his groin, and my whole body shivered with desire. Something hot stirred in my veins and my heart raced.
I've always had trouble finding lovers who could satisfy me or who weren't intimidated by my curves and size. I'm a rather sturdy woman, bigger than average. An inheritance from my parents. My father is a wild Alpha, raised in these dangerous lands full of beasts and harsh weather. My mother is Beta Centuria, the right hand of Queen Raven, and she's also a big redhead. I'm a twin with Abigail, but we don't look alike. She's the delicate one, smaller, elegant, and feminine. 1 I'm the wild white-haired version.
I'm going to check you; if it hurts too much, touch me..." I warned, trying to focus on healing him. On my knees at his side. I'd felt weird ever since I looked at him up close for the first time. ---- "I can do that with no problem... touching you..." his lower, wolfish voice replied My eyes locked again with those too-intense blues. Why did I feel like those words had a double meaning? "Stop me only if the pain is unbearable..." I needed to clarify. Because I swear, if he squeezes me again with those huge, warm, rough hands, I'll moan out loud. "Of course," came that vibrant voice.
Why did I feel that dark, sensual scent coming off him? Essence of smoke, of bonfire, of perfumed wood burning slowly. I couldn't clearly smell the pheromones of males. My wolf spirit hadn't shown itself, they told me it was too weak. I only had the ice magic. Since birth, my twin and I had had serious difficulties controlling our powers. Our mother had been poisoned while pregnant, and that left us with severe consequences. My twin Abigail couldn't properly tame her Centuria fire wolf,
###Chapter 1535
---- who fought to consume her from the inside. She needed a strong male, preferably from the Winter Clan, to help her, but she wasn't attracted to any of them. And I had only been able to develop the cold magic I inherited from my father, but my wolf showed no sign of life. "I'm going to make a small cut and suck the venom," I finally murmured, pulling out the dagger and leaning closer over that strong chest. The cave was frozen, but for some reason I started sweating; it felt like the temperature was rising as I got closer to him.
Magnus wasn't much of a talker, but his presence was imposing and his gaze too piercing to ignore. He didn't even flinch when I sank the tip into the most swollen spot to create an opening for it to drain. "Wait..." his powerful hand covered my forehead, stopping me. "What is it?" I lifted my head. "Are you going to suck the venom?" he frowned and tried to sit up, but I pushed him back down by the shoulders. "Yes, I'm going to do it, it won't hurt much..." ---- "It's not about the pain...
How could you even think of doing something as dangerous as taking someone else's venom1..." Out of nowhere, he started scolding me with that bossy, rough voice. My ears went on vacation, and my eyes only stared at those sexy, masculine lips moving. My horny imagination pictured them on a certain intimate part of my body. Would his wolf's tongue be as long and flexible as I suspected? I pressed my thighs together to control the tingling itch between my legs and the wetness soaking my pussy. I had never felt like this.
"Hannah, by the Goddess, I'm talking to you, woman..." I jumped when he grabbed my chin hard and I heard his restrained growl. He leaned in so close his hot breath blew over my mouth; my heart flipped, and I clenched my teeth to keep a moan from escaping. "And I... I am listening..." "No, you're not..." he leaned closer, way too close! ---- He lowered his face and sniffed deeply, almost burying his head in my neck The heat inside me kept rising, and when I felt his low growl, something liquid slid into my panties. "What...
what are you doing?" I reacted suddenly when his fingers on my chin moved to my lips. "I told you not to touch me unless it hurt..." tried pushing him by the shoulders, but this time it wasn't so easy to move him away. I knew I couldn't compete with the strength of this muscular lycan, even if I wanted to. "And it's hurting me... pretty bad..." his answer came strangled by a deep groan, "but in another part of my body..." 1
###Chapter 1536
---- 302. ONLY YOU CAN HEAL ME HANNAH I swallowed hard, not daring to ask what other part of his body hurt. This serious lycan was turning out to be way more shameless than he looked. "No... I'm not a healer, I can only ease the venom..." I tried to sound firm, but my traitorous voice came out as a gasp. "I'm sure you can ease a lot more than that..." ?Ohh slow down, princeling!? His gaze rose, and I drowned in that electric blue, like a storm was raging inside.
I wasn't stupid, I was old enough to know when a male was getting aroused and flirting with me My mind was being seduced by that erotic scent calling me to do crazy things. I wasn't shy when it came to sex; despite having such a controlling father, I'd had several lovers in my bed. You know how itis, the more they forbid it, the more you want to ---- experience it. Still, things had never escalated this fast. I found myself leaning toward that mouth full of burning promises. The smoky scent wrapped around me as if it slipped under my clothes and caressed my skin.
His lustful pupils narrowed over my lips and our breaths tangled But right when I was about to fall into the craziest temptation, he stopped and pulled back. He dropped his gaze, hiding from me, and leaned away, clearly rejecting me. My chest tightened painfully, my pride stung, and suddenly I felt like such an idiot. Would he think I was too easy? But he was the one who started this! "I'm sorry, I..." And to top it off, he was apologizing.
Humiliating, "You don't have to apologize for anything, just finish lying the hell down on that blanket." ---- I pulled back too, putting distance between us; my voice came out harsher than I meant. "That's if you want me to draw out the venom. If not, you can just wait and die slowly." "Damn it, Hannah, don't show how much it hurt that he turned you down," I cursed to myself, wiping the dagger's tip on his cloak. I practically polished it from the rage fueling my movements. But I was mad at myself and at my stupid, needy body.
It had been a long time without sex, and it was catching up with me. "Hannah, don't be mad..." his voice came soft, closer, and out of the corner of my eye I saw him reaching for my hand. "I've got no reason to be mad, and tell me now, lycan prince, do I heal you or not?" I pulled my arms away from his touch and looked him straight in the face. Again, his brow furrowed in that thoughtful look that seemed so natural on him. After what felt like an eternity of staring at me, he lay back on his clothes with a heavy sigh.
###Chapter 1537
---- I focused on his chest, on the task. Even though desire still pulsed deep in my soul, those "sexual needs" that hit me had eased a little. I pressed the reddened area, and before it spread further, I froze it a bit with my magic and pushed toward the drainage point. A black, bloody liquid started seeping out under the pressure. "Mnnn," he groaned low, and I knew damn well my "gentle touches" weren't exactly gentle. Not revenge for rejecting me... of course not... just healing him. "Didn't you say you'd use your mouth?" he asked through clenched teeth.
"I changed my mind, you're right..." I glanced at him for a second. "I shouldn't offer my mouth to just any stranger." Pleasure shot through me when his expression darkened even more. I pressed that solid chest harder, using my magic, which came in handy in these cases. With a piece of his shirt, I wiped away the foul mess. Sure, it was easier to suck the toxins out directly; they wouldn't ---- hurt me, I was used to swamp poisons, but he hadn't earned that. The whole time I worked, I could feel his intense gaze, but I ignored it, and the delicious feel of his body under my fingers too.
A bulge traced down his tensed stomach, and I imagined how good it'd be to outline those abs with my tongue. ?Control your damn pheromones, Hannah!? That fiery scent kept trying to caress my skin, but I wrapped myself in a layer of frost. This time I wouldn't let him affect me so easily. ?I don't know what game you're playing, lycan prince, but I'm not such easy prey.? "All done," I wiped the sweat off my forehead, proud of my work. The color slowly returned to normal and the swelling went down. This would take any wolf days, even swamp wolves, but this lycan's recovery was incredible.
Of course, in that family no one was exactly "normal." I remembered the golden lights I saw falling from the sky like stars; I think they came from his mother and grandmother. ---- "Thank you, Hannah." My name on his lips, spoken in that magnetic way, sent shivers down my spine. He sat up, covering me with his shadow. "You're welcome, it's my duty as daughter of Beta Centuria..." I started to rise as if it were nothing, but his hand gripped my arm so firmly I lost my balance. I fell forward, instinctively bracing my hands on his shoulders.
My breasts almost pressed against his pecs, and his hard jaw brushed my forehead. "What... what are you doing?" I struggled to pull away, but his hand held my nape possessively, forcing me to lift my head. Those rough fingers pressed into that sensitive spot where my mate's mark would go, and I trembled head to toe. "I didn't mean to reject you earlier..." Goddess, why are you falling into this again and worse... why look at me with those ravenous beast eyes! His beautiful face right above mine, his nose almost grazing mine.
---- "I didn't ask for explanations, I already forgot it..." "But I didn't forget, and yes, I want to give you a lot of explanations," he whispered, eyes locked on my mouth. His tone wild, full of predation and dark seduction. "I've never wanted to kiss a female this much, you seem... exquisite." He even flicked his tongue to taste his own lips, while his thumb stroked my trembling lower lip. "Perfect for biting and sucking..." A gasp tore from my throat at his boldness, and something primal twisted inside me. My pussy throbbed, wet with arousal, and heat rushed through my veins.
"You're shameless..." "Say something smarter, woman!" "And you're loving it, don't think I can't smell how hot you've gotten." He buried his nose in the crook of my neck, inhaling my scent deeply with a growl of pleasure that shook my entire world.
###Chapter 1538
---- 303. I'M FASCINATED BY YOU, HANNAH HANNAH His hand clamped down on my nape with dominance while the other slid up my thigh, claws brushing over the fabric of my pants. "I think we both know that if I slip a finger inside your panties, you'll be dripping wet, baby... I can hear the filthy, wet sounds of your pussy from here..." "Mmn." A traitorous moan escaped my lips as his tongue licked slowly over my collarbone, tasting my sweat, pushing me down with his massive body. My fingers tangled in his dark red hair and my heart was pounding out of control. No, no, this was going too fast.
I felt strange, something was happening to my body, my mind was confused, and my chest hurt too much. And when he asked me an unexpected question... I snapped awake. "Sshhh... beautiful female... Where's your wolf, my little Hannah?" ---- My eyes opened to the white ceiling of the cave. I was about to hit the ground with that huge lycan straddling me. I shoved him hard, catching him off guard, and sprang up like a spring. "But what...?" he had fallen heavily. "This is a mistake," I told him, buttoning up my shirt, all messy.
The heat of his body still vibrated on my skin, my nipples erect and my sex screaming for him. "What happened? Did I do something wrong?" Doubt flashed in his eyes. "If it's about the kiss from before, Hannah, I can explain "It's not about that, it's just... we're still in danger, we don't know each other at all, and even if you're a very interesting man, this isn't the right time for... this..." I rattled off all the logical excuses, but they sounded absurd even to me. No creature could get past my barriers, and inside here no one could smell or sense us.
His face was a mix of contradiction, lust, and who knows what ---- else. Goddess, his massive cock was straining against his fly, and damn, that bulging outline screamed: "I'm going to pound you so hard you'll be sore for days." "Hannah, I didn't mean to pressure you, fuck, I sound like an idiot!" he muttered, growling low, raking a hand anxiously through his hair. "Fine, let's talk, beautiful, let's get to know each other first..." "I'm sorry, prince, but I'm tired." I hated the disappointment in his blue eyes when I rejected him.
"Let's sleep and regain our strength, tomorrow we'll find a way out. In daylight... everything looks clearer..." ?And you won't be so hot and horny anymore. You'll see me differently.? "If you're tired, then... rest," his voice came heavy with reluctance, but he didn't force me, and I was grateful. I didn't even recognize myself. I had never been indecisive, much less the cowardly type to run away. But I withdrew to the farthest corner from him, unfastened my ---- cloak, and threw it on the ground as a blanket.
I gathered up my hair, still mussed from the struggle, and, keeping my back to him the whole time, curled up in my dark corner.
###Chapter 1539
---- The ice walls glowed faintly blue with magic, keeping this hole from being completely dark. I felt his eyes burning into me across the short distance between us, but I just stared like a fool at the cold surface. I didn't like how he made me feel... or maybe... I liked it too much. But that male wasn't for me. I'd never cared about not having an inner wolf. I could use the fighting skills my parents taught me, they were excellent warriors.
I had my winter magic, and even if I couldn't summon an outstanding wolf like Prince Aidan, because only he could do that, I was satisfied with the control I had over my powers So then... why did I feel inferior in front of him? Because his family was incredibly powerful; he was heir to the throne of a continent far more developed than ours. ---- My little swamp was my whole world; there I felt invincible. But for the first time, I believed I wasn't enough. ?You're such a fool, woman... he didn't want you to marry, just to get off for a night.
You could've had a great time with an amazing male; you should've accepted and scratched the itch.? I yanked at my own hair. Why should I care if he leaves tomorrow to find his perfect princess if all I wanted was a good fuck? One night of wild sex with an unforgettable male who'd give me the orgasms I struggled to get with others. Without a wolf, I'd never gone into heat; I guess that's why sex with others always ended up so bland over time. I opened my eyes in the dark, knowing even I didn't believe all that bullshit. I put a hand to my chest, careful not to move much, frowning, tom.
Why does it hurt so much to think of him with another woman? This heat inside me won't stop, it's getting more rebellious, uncontrollable. ---- Something is happening to my body, and being near Magnus... is making it worse. aed MAGNUS, Being around Fenrir has rubbed all his stupidity onto me. How the hell did I screw this up so badly that now we're stuck in this awkward mess? Her lying in one corner and me sitting in the other, against the cold wall. Through the shadows and that faint ethereal blue glow, I see her back and trace the curves of her waist, her rounded hips, and that thick ass.
Ready to spank it hard while spreading her cheeks and shoving my cock deep inside her tight pink hole. From the scent she gave off, she had to be dripping wet and slippery, ready to be filled with my heavy load. That white shirt she wore didn't do much to hide those heavy tits that almost spilled out of the neckline when she bent to lay the cloak on the floor. ---- My tongue slid out to wet my lips, imagining the taste of her areolas as I sucked them and tormented her stiff nipples. I dropped my hand to adjust my cock inside my pants again.
It was so hard and hot, I had to bite back a groan as my fingers pressed up and down harder and harder. I stroked myself over the rough fly, squeezing the tip, feeling the ache in my throbbing balls. Shit, fuck, I'm so turned on... I love that big beautiful woman. I'm fascinated by Hannah.
###Chapter 1540
---- 304, SEDUCING MY WINTER SHE-WOLF. MAGNUS, I've always been drawn to curvy women, because I'm into rough, passionate sex. Pumping hard and deep, mounting a wild, untamable female... like her. None of those prim, delicate women you have to treat like porcelain Hannah is perfect, fuck, she has everything that makes my blood boil. I'm completely spellbound. Her pale skin, that natural beauty and the freckles on her nose; her sincere, no-frills ways. I've had to hold myself back, hard, not to pounce on her. ?Why didn't I kiss her when I had the chance I scolded myself again, furious.
But I know exactly what kept me from those lips tempting me to devour them... Fenrir. He only said his wolf was drawn to a woman with cold magic, like someone from that Winter Clan. ---- She fit perfectly, and she'd been in that chaotic war. What if we had the same mate? I kept turning that over while staring at the nape of her neck, and no matter how hard I tried to picture sharing her with my twin... I couldn't. Not with him, not with any other male... No one could touch what was mine! Grimm roared, pacing in my head; he felt like I did...frustrated, unwilling.
Fenrir is more than my brother, he's my best friend; we've always been together despite our different tempers. Mom and Dad taught us to be united, to watch each other's backs; we shared everything, but I couldn't do this... Imagining him fucking Hannah while I watched didn't turn me on, it filled me with revulsion and rabid jealousy that ate me alive That's why I hesitated to kiss her. Do I have to give her up, then? "NO!" Grimm's answer hit me without a second's doubt. Even so, it wasn't so easy for me to steal my brother's mate, ---- even if he said he didn't want her.
I didn't know her yet, but Hannah was charming, gorgeous, brave, bold, so damn sexy... Fenrir could fall for her without even trying. "Grimm, you're not sure... maybe it's a twin-bond attraction... maybe she isn't your soulmate... She doesn't have her wolf to prove it." The suspicion ate at me I kept making excuses, but my body burned with need every time my gaze raked her from head to toe. "You know the answer to all that bullshit. Magnus, sometimes you need several women to get us going and we're about to snap our cock just from looking at her back." Grimm crushed what hope I had left.
With or without a wolf, I was practically sure... Hannah had to be our mate, and the madness I was in right now proved it. Lust had my hips rocking forward in a torturous rhythm against the floor. Forced into silence, while my hand sped up over the shape of my cock. ---- Heavy panting slipped from my throat. I thought about taking it out because I was going to end up coming in my pants, and that would be a disaster. With my cock out of my fly, I sighed in relief, waves of bliss running down my spine. Jerking off only got more intense, shaking my dick in the dark like some creepy pervert.
I rubbed the spots that made me feel so damn good, imagining it was her big pussy clamping down around me. "Hannah... I'm dying to touch you... to drive into you until you scream my name... shhh, I want you so bad, woman..." My eyes shifted to my wolf's, heat pouring from my pores, a primal growl rolling in my chest. The scent of lavender thickened in the air, working like an aphrodisiac that was stealing my sanity. Grimm wasn't even talking anymore; he was holding on worse than I was, burning with lust, too restless...
I didn't have time to deal with his problem, because I had a very hard one in my hands.
###Chapter 1541
---- I drew up my legs, toes curling in my boots, my whole body tight as I slid my foreskin up and down faster and harder. The reddened tip wept pearls of pre-cum nonstop. My eyes half-lidded on her, watching like a beast about to pounce. But no matter how much I masturbated, even with lust drowning my mind in a red haze, I couldn't finish. I didn't know why. Soon I understood everything I yanked my pants fully open and shoved them down my thighs, kicking off my boots too. I shredded what was left of my shirt with my claws and crawled toward her, a growl rolling up from my throat.
On all fours, like a wild animal, like a wolf... in heat... Grimm had gone into heat, triggered by the feromones pouring unchecked from Hannah's body. Her back arched, still Iying on her side. Soft moans slipped from her mouth; they were the most erotic sounds my ears had ever heard. She trembled and mumbled something. Even in an ice cave, ---- both our temperatures kept climbing. "Her wolf is calling me... shhh, she's going into heat," my wolf warned me. "I want her... mmm... I can't hold it, Magnus, I'm going to claim her, this female is mine!" He roared, ready to defy me for her.
Heat consuming us, instincts taking over. I stretched out a clawed hand, fangs bared, parts of me turning wolfish. I felt fur along spots on my back. My cock thickened, trembling with expectation, an angry red shade. "Hannah..." I grabbed her waist and rolled her toward me, climbing over her delicious body without wasting a second. Pinning her hands above her head to dominate her. I growled through my teeth as my cock slid against the soft skin of her belly. It was all I needed to rock my hips and finally, finally come. What little reason I had left flew away when I saw her flushed face.
Those beautiful gray eyes, glassy, watching me through half- ---- lidded lashes. Her lips panted out of control, and those huge tits rose and fell with her quick breaths. Her white hair fanned out, shining like the purest snow. "It hurts... Mmnn, Magnus, it hurts so much... between my legs..." she moaned, twisting under me, her hard nipples about to poke my eye out. Goddess, I can't... I can't resist this temptation. I'm sorry, brother, truly... but this woman... I'm not willing to give her up. "I'll take the pain away, my love...
I'm going to please you and ease your heat, my beautiful mate." Those were the last strangled words out of my mouth before I bent over Hannah and kissed her like a madman. Our bodies burned, consumed by the lust of heat. Our souls called to each other through the bond. My wolf roared and howled, calling to his mate; I could feel her sleeping beneath layers of ice. I'm going to love her so much she'll want to come out to meet ---- us, to surrender to us completely. Tonight, in this wild swamp, I would know the truest, deepest happiness.
###Chapter 1542
---- 305. THE PLEASURES OF LIFE MAGNUS, Hannah's mouth tasted like pure glory. Her full lips were a delicacy I couldn't get enough of sucking and nibbling. My tongue dove deep inside that cavity, exploring it and stealing her breath. My hands never stopped, roaming all over her body, stripping her with hungry urgency. She wasn't falling behind either. Hannah might have winter magic, but as a woman she was pure fire. The heat of estrus was burning through our thoughts, leaving nothing but lust.
I tore off her jacket and unbuttoned her shirt, removing every layer until my palms were buried in those generous breasts. "Mnnn..." Hannah moaned, twisting under me. My tongue slid along her chin, tracing the sharp line of her jaw and descending down her soft neck. I loved the taste of her sweat, and the lavender scent had me on the edge of spilling in my pants. ---- My cock hung free, half exposed, aching to rub against any part of her body like a horny animal. "Fuck, fuck, so big...
shhhh, these tits taste so good, baby..." I buried my face between those mountains I took one in each hand, squeezing them together, inhaling deeply as my mouth locked onto one of her stiff nipples. I sucked hard, drooling, smearing her pale skin, alternating my attention between my two new best friends. Hannah's moans mixed with the lewd sounds of me feeding, drowned in her breasts. Straddling her thigh, my hips began grinding, rubbing my cock hard against her pants. Pre-cum leaked out more and more, slicking the friction. My balls, pressed hot and tight, throbbed, desperate to unload.
But I wasn't settling for a quick handjob. I wanted more... I wanted it all... While my mouth feasted, my hands slid down to work her buttons and belt. Yeah, dresses were easier for stripping her, but nothing would ---- stop me. My beautiful mate writhed with pleasure, her little hands buried in my hair, drawing satisfied groans from me as I tore away the rest of her barriers. "Hold up, baby... shhh, lift that gorgeous ass for me." I pushed up on my knees between her spread thighs.
As I pulled her pants down, my eyes locked on the marks from my lips and fingers across the white skin of her breasts, Her areolas were flushed pink from my suckling, nipples glistening with saliva. Resisting the urge to bury my face in them again, I reminded myself the real prize was between Hannah's legs. She lifted her hips, letting me peel off her clothes. I grabbed one leg, carefully tugging off her boot, then went for the other. Even with my cock straining hard, trembling, pointed like a blade at her, I held back to keep from hurting her. Size was never small for a lycan.
We never had it easy with our mates. But this lush, curvy woman spreading her thighs wide for me, ---- more than ready, I knew she could take me and give me a satisfaction I'd never known before. I stripped off the rest of my clothes, kicking away my shoes. Hannah's greedy eyes devouring me sent my libido soaring, stroking my ego with it. My eager hand reached for her panties. My wolf's pupils narrowed, Grimm panting with his tongue out, drooling. Snow-pale skin flushed pink, thick creamy thighs parted wide, and there it was-her sinful flower.
The outer lips glistened, slickness dripping down, parting just enough to show the soft pink flesh inside. I swallowed hard, panting, already imagining myself buried in that tight, pleated pussy. Her clit stood out like a ripe button begging to be teased and tortured "You're the most beautiful thing I've ever seen, Hannah. You're my mate, baby. You're mine, no matter what... I want you like I've never wanted anything else in my life." The words tore out of me as a guttural growl, raw with need and ---- passion, shredding away sanity.
###Chapter 1543
---- I looked up, burning her image into my memory. Her breasts heaved faster, her face... Holy Goddess, those gray eyes had me bewitched, her swollen lips calling me to devour them again, her hair spread out glowing against the enchanted walls. "I want to make love to you. I'm going to mark you, Hannah. make you my woman." I lowered my head, eyes shut, inhaling her scent, bracing my hands on either side of her hips. But before I could give her pleasure with my mouth and prepare that sweet pussy to welcome me, she suddenly sat up. Sitting on her clothes, one hand pushed at my chest.
"What's wrong?" My voice came strangled, barely holding on to some semblance of gentleman. "Did I hurt you? Am I going too fast?" "No..." she panted, leaning toward my mouth, driving me insane. I want to please you too... I need to taste you..." Her sweet tongue flicked at my lips. ---- I didn't even understand at first. My brain had shut down, all I could think of was mounting her. "Baby... what...?" Before I could kiss her again, she shoved me back. Hannah was strong for a female, but she couldn't overpower me unless I let her.
Still, I played along, sitting back, watching that curvy body crawl on all fours, tucking her hair behind her ears, lowering her head. "Fuck, fuck, it can't be... The Goddess can't be this good to me... She's gonna blow me!" My wolf roared with euphoria like we'd never had a blowjob in our lives. But I knew nothing could compare to this. Hannah was about to prove my imagination had been way too tame compared to the pleasures she could give me.
"Aaaghhh..." My head dropped back, a deep moan tearing out as the heat of her mouth and first licks wrapped around me My hips jerked up, sinking my cock deeper into that blazing hot mouth. Every muscle strained, my claws ripping at the blankets I ---- clutched. Sitting with my legs spread, knees bent, watching her snowy hair bob up and down, following the rhythm of the mouth that would be my undoing. "Ahhh, fuck, baby, that feels so good... shhh... mnnn..." Her throat swallowed me deep, drenching me in sweat.
My head tilted back toward the ceiling, eyes half-shut, growling and praying to the Goddess I wouldn't cum too fast.
###Chapter 1544
---- 306. CHAINED TO YOUR SOUL MAGNUS, Saliva dripped down, coating my cock and running over my balls. I grabbed her hair into a tight ponytail so I could watch her give me pleasure. My shaft slid in and out between those red petals, milking out every drop of pre-cum. Her hand dropped lower, massaging my balls, squeezing just enough to have me panting with my tongue out, thrusting upward. Her throat clenched my tip like it was a pussy. By far, this was the hottest blowjob I'd ever gotten in my life. "Grr, I'm gonna cum... Easy, Hannah, baby, wait...
Damn it, don't suck that hard, I'm about to shoot down your throat...!"" I ended up roaring at her, but she only laughed at my desperation. Her shoulders shook, that sweet, playful sound filling my ears. With her hand stroking up and down my shaft, she slowly licked the throbbing veins bulging near the head ---- Her eyes half-opened, giving me a seductive look, conquering me in every possible way. I got lost in them, in the dark, sinful promises shining in their depths. I love this female. I crave her so bad it hurts. "I want you to cum...
but somewhere else..." she dared whisper, panting over my cock that was melting against her lips. "Proposal approved by unanimous vote." It was the only stupidly eloquent line my brain came up with before I took control. I pounced on her like a starving wolf, kissing her hard as I shoved her down onto the clothes beneath us. Again, between her open thighs, my fingers went straight to her pussy.
Hannah moaned and writhed against my moving hand while I whispered every obscenity I didn't even know I knew Every filthy thing I wanted to do to her body, fuck her in every way invented, fill every hole she had. Honey dripped over my fingers, soon joined by another as two ---- plunged in, pumping, scissoring through the wet squelch. "Magnus, I can't... just fuck me, fuck me with your cock..." Her back arched, begging between crazed moans. Her thick thighs locked around my hips, legs pressing against my ass, shoving me closer.
I grabbed my cock, painting her swollen folds with it, kissing down her neck to her tits. My whole body trembled as I sank into pure fucking glory... the tight ecstasy of her sheath. "Yesss... Mmm, shhh more... prince..." "Call me your man.... say I'm your male..." I ordered through gritted teeth, my wolfish voice spilling out. My hips slammed forward with force, driving half my length inside her. "Aahh, my man... So good... move, give it to me deeper... yesss, baby, right there... Magnus... mnnn...!" Hannah lost her mind once I started riding her.
My cock slid to the base, strangled by those delicious folds. Red lust filled my vision. ---- My hands clutched her soft, rounded hips, forcing her down, pounding her harder and faster. My balls swung, slapping her ass. The papapap of wild, passionate sex echoed through the cave walls with our moans and filthy words. I devoured her mouth, then smothered myself between her bouncing tits. Her soft belly smacked my hard, clenched abs with every thrust Hannab's claws raked my back, leaving love marks carved in my skin.
Her body shifted from hot to icy in spots, spilling that intense magic into me like a caress. Grimm loved it, howling and chasing his mate. The ice in her soul was melting, and in our shared consciousness, a little wolf appeared, curled asleep "I have to reach her... grrr... need... to knot her... can't hold back, Magnus... I have to mark my mate!" With Grimm's roar, I rose to my knees, lifting her thighs in the air, driving in with savage thrusts.
###Chapter 1545
---- I looked down at where our bodies joined, and damn it... what a filthy, beautiful sight... watching that pussy swallow my cock, dripping nonstop juice. I stabbed deep in this position, her pussy rippling in waves of ecstasy, ready to climax. The pre-orgasmic look on Hannah's gorgeous face told me she was right there with me, on the edge. I lowered her legs and slid my cock out, swollen, glossy, smeared with milky traces. "No... don't stop..." "Turn around, my female...
shhh, come, Hannah, I'll give you what you're begging for..." I waved my cock lewdly in front of her, teasing, watching her push herself up, legs shaky but determined to please me. Her obedience, her submission lit my dominance like wildfire. When those two ass cheeks were spread in front of my face, glowing with my red handprints, I couldn't help but grab and bite them. Her scream was enough to make precum drip heavily from my cock. ---- Iwas at my limit.
I knelt behind my woman, spreading open that sinful flower again, and shoved my cock into her velvet-tight channel I mounted her mercilessly, lust tearing through me, owning me. Leaning over her, holding her hips, I fucked her from behind over and over, pumping faster and harder. Hannah's cries drove me insane, my wolf eyes glowing red, locked on her neck. Her white hair spilled over one shoulder, leaving her delicate spine bare, glistening with sweat. My chest pressed to her arched back, flattening her tits against the ground.
My cock drilled her so deep I nearly wanted to shove my balls inside too. Suddenly, Hannah trembled, head thrown back, a guttural moan ripping out. Her pussy convulsed, clamping in a powerful orgasm that rippled all along my cock. Two or three brutal thrusts later, pain tore through me as my ---- knot burst at the base-huge, fierce, ready to lock inside her and breed her with the seed surging up from my balls. "Hannah... tell me you accept me... shhh, baby... say it!" I roared, canines brushing her neck. "I accept... I accept..." she murmured, voice broken.
I didn't know if it was estrus madness, confusion in her mind, but I was ready to take the risk. Even though her wolf hadn't surfaced, my animal instinct, Grimm's voice, ordered me to do it, promising it would be alright. At the last second I thought of my brother, but for the first time I wanted to be selfish, to claim what was mine... mine alone. "I, Magnus Thorne, prince of Nocturne, claim you as my mate and half of my soul. Surrender to us, my beautiful winter she- wolf; wake up, my love, don't be afraid.
I'll protect you for all eternity." The vows ripped from my soul like a storm, beyond anything I could truly put into words. My orgasm exploded with Hannah's, our bodies breaking free, but I also needed her soul chained to mine. Grimm crashed into her mind, smashing through the ice that walled off her wolf, pushing past frost and blizzards. ---- He would claim her with the strength of his lineage and the higher call of a lycan
###Chapter 1546
---- 307. FIND YOUR OWN FEMALE MAGNUS, "Aaahh!" When I sank my teeth deep into the back of her neck, Hannah let out a roar that shook the cave. Her whole body trembled and collapsed weakly onto the blankets. I held her, wrapping her in my strong arms while I marked her and knotted inside her. A bluish flash made me squeeze my eyes shut and cling tighter to her. It came from the release of her magic, waves of power bursting from her body, freezing the cave in thick layers of ice. I endured the cold that couldn't harm me and opened a wound on my wrist to feed her my blood.
I felt her canines pierce my veins, and Hannah drank from me with hunger, with a ravenous need, as if she had craved me forever. I pushed more of my vital fluid into her mouth, both of us locked in sweat and heat, tangled, no longer knowing where one ended and the other began. ---- Amid the whirlwind of passion, of feelings, of the icy magic swirling around me, holding me possessively, a voice slipped into my thoughts. It was timid and sweet, the complete opposite of my curvy warrior's bold and defiant tone. "I accept you as my mate, my companion, the other half of my heart.
My name is Niva, I'm Hannah's omega wolf, and she.. also wants to surrender to you." With a howl of ecstasy, Grimm embraced her, leaping onto her and sealing their spirits into one. Tying the bond the Goddess had created between their souls. I kissed the wound I had made on her neck, smiling with my eyes closed, showering it with happy kisses. "Niv .. you've been asleep a long time, my precious little wolf." I spoke to her, touched by the way she timidly hid behind my wolf, who circled her with possessiveness.
He licked and sniffed her, desperate to claim her, because she carried that dark scent of seduction and estrus, same as Hannah. "I woke her. She took my strength and answered my call. Niva is mine," my wolf declared, dominant. ---- His dark reddish coat mixed with the bright white fur of her small omega. It was incredible that someone as strong and fiery as Hannah had an omega wolf inside her. I figured her winter magic shaped her character, and maybe also the upbringing of a savage father.
I hugged her tighter, almost trying to fuse her into my body, rolling us over until we landed fully on the blanket. Hannah's wet tongue closed the wound on my wrist. I felt the unique, exclusive pull between us, the mate bond sealed. She was coming out of that haze of lust and pleasure that ruled our minds during estrus, even more now with the mark fresh on her skin. "Mnnn, Magnus..." she moaned as she shifted, feeling the thick knot buried deep inside her sex. I massaged her belly and moved her thigh slightly to ease the pressure. "Sorry, baby, but you drive me crazy, Hannah.
There was no way I wasn't going to knot you." I kissed her neck again, savoring her shivers. ---- Her wolf had answered the call, but Hannah had agreed just as much-I could feel it in the emotions we now shared. "My wolf... you made her appear," she whispered in the dark, fingers stroking through my hair. Her scent made me sigh with pleasure, melting against those perfect curves and that luscious ass. "I think you two will have plenty to talk about, but right now... you're both ours..." I leaned in, sucking her earlobe, relishing her moan.
Estrus still burned, and the flames ignited too easily. My wolf was moving faster than I was. "Tell me, my winter woman. Niva answered the bond, but you... I need to hear it from your mouth, Hannah. I need to know you'll only ever be mine." I buried my face against her collarbone, the thorn still lodged in my chest. I hadn't dared tell her my suspicion... that I'd rushed to mark her just to steal her away from my brother. But if they truly were soulmates too... would that even drive them apart?
###Chapter 1547
---- "Something tells me you just took advantage of me being horny," she snorted, brushing my cheek with her hand stretched back. "Hannah, no..." I started to defend myself, but the shaking of her shoulders told me she was holding back laughter. "Are you teasing me again?" I growled, nipping and tickling her until her laughter filled the cave. I laughed with her, so damn happy, and soon the playfulness took a more... perverted turn. That ass grinding back against me was lifting more than just my mood. "Get used to it, my little prince," she said seductively.
"Because you made a forever contract with a wild swamp woman, and now you'll deal with the consequences. I won't be easy on yo... Magnus, ahah!" She let out a filthy cry when I flipped her back into mating position and started grinding behind her. The knot, half-swollen, made lewd sounds that would scandalize even the most prudish. My hand clamped around her throat as I pressed my body over ---- hers, fucking her all over again Fluids splattered out with every thrust, obscene and messy, when our sexes slammed together.
"Aah..." "As long as you stay by my side, Hannah, I'll take every consequence. You and the ten babies I'll give you. Nothing and no one will take my woman away from me." My voice was beastly, lust devouring my mind, lycan instincts roaring inside me. I mounted her harder from behind, this time more intense, more intimate, more connected. Our wolves tangled inside our minds, magic vibrating around us. Snowflakes drifted down in the cave, but we burned in a passion nothing and no one could ever put out. The night was far from over. Tomorrow, I'd face the consequences.
sob NARRATOR THE SAME DAY MAGNUS HAD FOUND HANNAH... ---- Fenrir grumbled, pushing aside branches, fed up with the mosquitoes swarming the swamp. "They told me this would be fun. What a load of shit. Where the hell are the rebels?" he muttered, scanning his surroundings. Everything looked the same: murky ponds with predator eyes staring from the depths, damp air, foul smells, and an urgent need to piss he couldn't hold anymore. "Better let the little bird free before moving on," he muttered, stepping up to a tree trunk, unbuttoning his pants with no shame. to pull out his cock.
There was nobody here, not even his killjoy brother. "He's got a real talent for ruining my day," Fenrir grumbled, aiming at a poor bush about to get sprayed with something other than water. But just as he was about to release, his sharp ears caught voices nearby. A few men, and what sounded like a woman's hysterical tone. As quickly as he pulled it out, he tucked the surprise back in and crept forward, stalking the scene with stealth. Maybe his luck was finally turning. Looked like he had found the ---- enemy. His wolf's sudden voice only spiced things up "There's a female in that group.
And she smells... strange."
###Chapter 1548
---- 308. RESCUING A DAMSEL FENRIR I moved in silence and hid in the shadows, watching the clearing where two guys had set up a simple camp. I sized things up fast. It was obvious they were the fugitive sorcerers who refused to submit to King Alpha Cedrick. Honestly, I expected to find more of them, but what worried me wasn't the number, it was the woman they had as a hostage. She was tied to a tree, and they were trying to make her drink something while she fought and resisted. "We have to save her, what the hell are you waiting for!" my wolf Gale pushed me to act.
"There's a magical protection around them so they won't be detected," I frowned as I felt the aggressive magic try to repel me. "It doesn't matter, that's no obstacle for us!" He was absolutely right. The Selenic energy inside me let me slip past these little tricks. But I had barely taken a step forward, ready to break out of the ---- bushes, when the scene got lively. "told you if you got my dress dirty again you'd regret it!" the female's voice roared and, a second later, one of the mages screamed in agony.
The female had brought her knee up and, while he tried to force something into her mouth, she went straight for his balls. " Oof," even I grimaced and felt my own balls draw up, tight. Fuck, that hurt, bad enough to make you want to cry. Of course, the man hit the ground, hands cupping his crotch. "Mitch! Damn it, I told you not to get so close to her!" The other sorcerer rushed to help him; between curses and swear words, they didn't even notice I was hunting them. Still hidden beneath the shadow of the branches, I watched the tied woman for a second.
Her head was down now, and a long red mane fell over her features. The tones in those strands were brighter than the dark red in my own hair and seemed to gleam under the sun. I couldn't make out her face well, but I could hear her quick breathing, and there was something about her that felt way too... ---- strange. My own wolf watched her with a mix of curiosity and interest, unable to pin down her scent. " Now you're gonna learn, I'm done with your little princess tantrums!" the battered male's roar yanked me out of my study.
He managed to recover and got up, full of rage, grabbing one of the logs from the fire. " Let's see if you really handle fire like they say!" " Mitch, no, stop provoking her, the Centurias are unpredictable!" I didn't wait another second and jumped right in. I leapt, pierced through the magical barrier, and landed with a crash behind them. The ground shook and my claws went straight for his neck. With a howl, the man dropped the log as I tore through his throat. He collapsed and bled out instantly. I turned with my fangs bared, lifting my hand to block a sneaky magic attack.
" Who are you?!" the other guy shouted, eyes wide with panic, looking for a way out.
###Chapter 1549
---- Doesn't matter if you know," I said with a sadistic grin as my hand dropped to my belt, I pulled my dagger from its sheath and threw it into his back as he ran. He fell with a dull thud, his chest pierced from behind. "These were the famous swamp rebels?" I snorted, because they were pathetic, but then... " Another enemy just arrived!" I spun at Gale's warning. At some point another of those mages had snuck in and, worse, he was holding a knife to the woman's neck. Her head was still bowed. "Don't come closer or I'll end her," he pressed the tip a little deeper into that white skin.
" You don't want to do something stupid. Let the female go and I might let you live..." I warned through my teeth, taking another step closer with my hands spread. "I told you not to come closer! Fuck, are you beasts so dumb ---- you can't even understand an order!" He roared, tightening his grip on her with his other hand, and his insults made my teeth grind. I had a pretty sarcastic comeback on the tip of my tongue, but then she lifted her head and captured all my attention. Through the curtains of silky hair framing her face, a pair of intense gray eyes stared straight at me.
I could swear I saw moisture in them; below, the small nose and her cheeks were flushed a vibrant red. Her mouth panted, thick lips parted... I think I saw a wisp of steam come out, but I wasn't sure. "Fuck, she's gorgeous..." Gale growled, interest rising. Redheads weren't my thing, especially not with gray eyes. I mean... it was like seeing my father in a wig... and that was way too weird. 1 But this female had something different, something that bumed through those pale irises like fire blazing inside.
She opened her mouth and tried to form words, but I didn't quite catch them, and I was neck-deep in the most primitive protective instinct. ---- "I can't reach her wolf, her spiritual world is... chaos, there's too much heat," Gale frowned, and I just wanted this over with. " Cut the bullshit and tell me what you want in exchange," I snapped, shutting down the sorcerer's rambling. "Take me hostage instead, I won't fight you, but don't you dare hurt her..." I growled, seeing drops of blood slide down the delicate column of her neck. "Do you think I'm an idiot? I saw what you did to my friends.
The moment I let her go, you'll come for me..." I had to admit at least a couple neurons were working. I could end him in a second, but a cornered man is capable of anything, and I didn't want her getting hurt. A glint flashed in my eyes, and I looked down. A little glass vial had fallen in the grass, and I remembered that was what they'd tried to force down her throat. "It must be something to control her or drug her, who knows..." Gale came to the same conclusion I did. A pretty crazy idea, one of my celebrated ones, shot through my ---- head. I needed him to lower his guard somehow.
Without thinking too much, I bent and grabbed the tiny bottle with the dark liquid inside. What are you doing? I told you to get out of the clearing!" I popped the cork and brought it to my mouth, chugging all that bitter stuff that made my brain rattle. Whatever it was, I trusted my mother's power would neutralize it... but I'd slightly underestimated the magic in this realm. "I already took your drug, see? You can control me, I'm feeling a little weak. Now let the girl go..." I said, tossing the little vial aside. " Are you... are you insane?" he asked, eyes huge.
" Did you just drink a spell without knowing what it was?" "Yeah, well, that's how spontaneous I am. Let's finish this," I took another step forward, ignoring her intense stare. She should be terrified, poor thing. ?Hold on alittle longer, gorgeous redhead with sensual lips, I'l rescue you soon.?
###Chapter 1550
---- 309. NOTHING BUT THE TRUTH FENRIR "How can I get out of this shithole swamp to somewhere safe?" the man asked me suddenly. "How should I know? I'm not even from here," I found myself answering way too easily, like my tongue felt a little loose. Gale kept frowning harder and harder. "I heard you people use magic to go from one place to another!
Tell me right now how to flee to another continent!" "ma lycan, that spell is done by other members of my family, but there are physical passages, like one near your former king's castle and..." "What the hell are you doing, big mouth?!" the female's sudden scream made me swallow my words. My eyes locked with hers, and they didn't look weak at all, just furious. "You...!" even the male was shocked by her sudden comeback, but before I could lunge to defend her from the knife at her throat, she freed herself.
---- Turns out her hands were already loose from the bindings; she'd only been faking She slammed an elbow into his ribs, making him release her, then struck his wrist so the weapon dropped into her hand. Every move skillful, fast, and clean. I watched her slice that mages throat in the sexiest way I'd ever seen a female fight. The man hit the ground with a hand to his neck, making mute, agonized sounds. She just stepped back, looking with disgust at her hand and the blood stains on her dress.
What a wildcat, and I loved it; my wolf kept staring at her, spellbound, but then those gray eyes swung to me with flames inside. "Are you stupid or what?" her defiant question snapped me awake She threw the knife to the ground and planted herself in front of me. "Excuse me? Not sure if you noticed, but I was trying to save you ---- "Did anyone ask you for help? Do I look like some damsel in distress? Do you have any idea how hard it was to trick these guys into taking me hostage and bringing me to the royal camp?" Her questions came in bursts. I looked at her like she'd sprouted two heads.
I didn't understand any of this crazy situation. "Weren't you in danger? I saw you tied up, with that helpless face "I was faking it! I tried to signal you a thousand times!" she roared, and I couldn't help noticing how her dress was about to explode around that neckline, where a pair of small breasts peeked out. "Where the hell are you looking now?!" "At your tits..."I blurted. 2 "I've never liked flat ones, but yours look adorable..." I opened my eyes wide myself when I realized I'd just said exactly what I was thinking. "Fenrir, I'm going to kill you today even if I go with you!
You're an idiot!" Gale snarled at me, pissed. I didn't even have time to take it back or apologize when ---- something small and stinging smacked against my cheek That temperamental little thing, who barely reached my chest, had slapped me with all that bad temper she carried. She raised her hand again, but I caught it midair and yanked her toward me. "You hit me again, honey, and I'm going to kiss that seductive mouth of yours so hard you'll forget how to breathe..." Everything, absolutely everything I was thinking, came out with no control and no filters.
Leaning over her, I saw those silvery eyes up close, wide with surprise. Her body felt so hot it wasn't natural; a stifling aura poured from her pores like a volcano. I didn't mind the heat. In fact... I caught myself wondering if she was that hot everywhere. Her scent seemed sweeter, but still mixed with another, more intense and feral; I didn't know what it was, but it made me want to do perverted things What's happening to me? "Let go of me, bold wolf. Let me go or I'm going to kick you until ---- you can't have kids!" she started struggling to break free, but I held her by the waist.
Her delicate curves fit perfectly against my hard muscles. "If you let me cum inside while I fuck you, I wouldn't mind having them with you, baby..." "You've gone completely insane, Fenrir!" Even Gale couldn't believe what I'd said And if my reflexes hadn't been quick enough, I would've taken a solid knee to the nuts. I jumped back to keep my balls intact, and we stared at each other for a while, sizing each other up... Her, probably thinking she'd run into a pervert, and me realizing the mistake I'd made. Whatever was in that spell was already running through my veins and taking effect.
Like truth serum, it dragged everything out of my head and, if I normally didn't have much restraint when I talked, now... I was unstoppable "Gale, quick, mobilize the Selenic magic!" "I already did, but the spell is so tiny and slippery the toxins keep ---- sliding through; it'll take a while, you damned lunatic!" We were fucked... I shouldn't have split from Magnus, the voice of reason and calm.. Because now I had a very pissed-off redhead in front of me, and the only thing I could think about was asking if she'd let me lick that drop of blood running from her neck down to her tits. Damnit.
this day is going to be very long
###Chapter 1551
---- 310. A REDHEAD STALKER ABIGAIL Of all the brilliant ideas I've ever had, this one went way past terrible. I was heading home pretty pissed at Hannah, my twin sister, though honestly we barely looked alike Like... why did she always have to act like Dad's skirted version? Oh wait, not even in a skirt. There's no way that huge ass of hers would fit inside a dress. She loved going full tomboy in pants, picking fights with anything that crossed her path and playing the heroine When she told me she was going into that swampy marsh to look for the rebels, I threw a tantrum right there.
My boots were already sick to death of mud, I wasn't stepping into that stinking fog even if they paid me However, I didn't get far before things got rough for me. I don't know why, but suddenly the fine mesh of Hannah's ice magic started failing. That little artifact I always wore on my body, against my skin like ---- a fragile shield, was the only thing that could help me keep the vicious temper of my fire she-wolf in check. I'm a Centuria Beta, just like my mother. I carry two she-wolf spirits inside me.
The one every werewolf has, and another packed with dangerous, volatile magic I haven't managed to control. It fights to overtake me every second and burn me out from the inside. Centurias need an extremely strong mate; the ideal ones are men of the Winter Clan. Their ice magic reins in the flames of our animal side. But time had gone by and none of them attracted me enough to take the final step. So yeah... by. 'm a little virgin, and the years aren't exactly crawling Now I'm wandering through this swamp, looking for my twin to give me a hand, but my animal instinct is failing me a bit.
My she-wolf Bryda dove into my dangerous inner world to try to restrain my other half and calm her down. "I split from Hannah here; she must be nearby," I murmured ---- when I reached the familiar spot. Huffing, I hiked up my dress, which was already a mess, and wandered a little more around the area. With such good... or bad... luck, I stumbled on a small camp of those rebel sorcerers. I knew there were more of them and that deep down, if they did something dangerous, they'd put my swamp pack at risk. An even crazier plan came to me.
Sure that Hannah would follow my trail and come rescue me.. because she always did... I let myself get captured and faked weakness. I faked it with so much love for theatrics that I actually started feeling sick. Waves of suffocation were choking me. Bryda could barely hold the flames back. With my unstable magic and my inner she-wolf absent, I was a supernova about to explode, and my bad mood was swelling like a tide. Then that male appeared out of nowhere and started acting on his own.
---- I rolled my eyes everywhere and even tried to talk to him, but he was dead set on playing hero and didn't even take the chance to wring any useful info out of them. I didn't either. I was so angry I acted on impulse too. It was all for nothing My pupils flashed as I took in that masculine face, and I had to admit he was damn sexy. Reddish hair, intense blue eyes, massive size, toned muscles, and that aggressive, dangerous aura Definitely one of those outlander lycans and, from what I've heard, he must be one of the royals' sons...
I think there are two males, I don't know much about their family. If there are two... this one can't be the brightest. Taking that stance without thinking about the consequences. "Are you an idiot?" The words spilled from my lips, my bad temper poking its head out. I don't give a damn about his pedigree; I'm the daughter of Alpha Hakon of the Swamp, and no prissy prince is going to intimidate me.
###Chapter 1552
---- And definitely not a pervert like this one! "Where the hell are you looking now?" I asked, watching those wolfish pupils shamelessly narrow on my cleavage. I felt the urge to cover up and step back, but I held my ground, chin high. "At your tits. I've never liked the flat ones, but yours look adorable..." "What?!" My feet and hands moved in sync; I was so pissed at his nerve, I didn't think twice before striking him. I even had to go on tiptoe to reach him and ended up with my hand stinging; however, he didn't even flinch.
Fire roared through my veins, heating my skin and making my breath volatile. When I raised my arm again, his rough hand caught me and yanked me against his hard body. He tilted his head, and the ends of the braid in his hair tickled my cheeks. I swallowed, getting lost in that electric blue, so deep... it felt like ---- you could drown in those orbs. A dark, spicy scent slid into my nose, full of power and domination, something that, for a second, tamped down the surge of flames. But we were way too close, and he kept saying provocative things that embarrassed me and stirred my desire.
"Let me go, bold wolf! Let me go or I'l kick you until you can't have kids!" I fought uselessly and threatened him, but his chest vibrated with a dangerous, rough laugh. "If you let me come inside you while I fuck you, I wouldn't mind having them with you..." I should've been offended, but a tremor rattled me from head to toe when that low whisper slid into my ear. Between my legs, lust began to kindle, imagining this huge male pounding his hard cock inside me and filling me with his seed. What the hell is wrong with me?! My knee shot up, driven by all the chaos boiling inside.
Of course, he wasn't on the level of those third-rate mages; he sprang back in a blink, and we ended up staring at each other ---- from a distance. His expression turned thoughtful, and I didn't even want to imagine what was running through that sexy lunatic's mind. I didn't have time to find out either, because a wave of fire rolled in, relentless, "Mnn," I pressed a hand to my chest, panting, steam slipping between my lips. "What's wrong with you? Are you hurt?" "Don't you come near me!" I took a step back, holding on.
I needed to leave and find Hannah, or I could die in this swamp and worst of all: as a virgin! There was nothing worse than that! I started to turn around, but he kept following like a dog with a bone. "Look, I don't know what you're playing at, but I'd better take you home. You're from the swamp pack, right?" he asked me. I was tempted to refuse; this male was way too weird.
I opened my mouth and shut it, frowning "I think I'd better go alone..." ---- "I know you think I'm a pervert, and I'm not gonna lie, sweetheart, I'm trying to control myself with you..." he said, taking a few steps my way, and I backed up. "You're a weirdo, but in a twisted way that's making me really hard... damn it!" He cut off his own vulgarities, biting hard into his lower lip to shut himself up. This was so crazy, but in a flash of clarity... I understood what was going on.
###Chapter 1553
---- 311. WHERE IS MY MATE? ABIGAIL "Did you drink a truth potion, right?" "Looks like it. I can't keep my stupid mouth shut," he told me, sighing. For my part, I couldn't help dropping my eyes to check if he really was getting hard because of me. I swallowed when I saw the outline of his cock pressed to one side of the fly... shh, way too big for a first time... Would it feel good? Wait... what the hell am I thinking?! When I looked up, that victorious little smile on his lips and the mocking way he waggled his eyebrows filled me with shame.
"I can assure you that if I take it out, it gets even bigger, and it's ready to be very well used by a she-wolf this... fiery..." "I'd better go," I growled right in his gigolo face. That truth spell was dangerous. I knew they'd set it up to squeeze out of me how to leave this territory without my father catching them. ---- "Thanks for the rescue, and you can go back the way you came," I made the wisest decision-to run. I didn't even look back at him, because I had the feeling I wouldn't get away if I did. However, that didn't mean the prissy prince wouldn't follow me like a puppy.
"Wait, hey, don't go alone, there are a lot of dangers here, they could capture you again and some horny warlock could rape you! "The only lecher here is you!" I roared without turning or stopping. I heard his steady steps chasing me and I quickened mine. "Stop following me like a stalker already!" I was about to run, but he stayed behind me through the whole swamp, not giving me a second to breathe, talking my ear off. "My name's Fenrir, what's yours, gorgeous?. "Don't call me gorgeous, or pretty, or little one, much less baby!.
"Then at least tell me your name, or believe me, I've got even sweeter pet names in my repertoire..." I could practically feel his ---- breath at my nape. "No doubt," I muttered, feeling a little dizzy; truth be told, talking to Fenrir was helping me not think about how bad I was starting to feel. "My name is Abigail," I answered through clenched teeth. Couldn't handle the sweating anymore, and a scorching heat lashed my soul. Before I could say anything, my vision suddenly blurred, and every pore of my body hurt like I was about to ignite from the inside.
I lost my balance when I tripped and went down face-first; I barely got my hands to my face so I wouldn't smash it. But before my bent knees hit the ground, I was caught again and lifted against his solid body. That energy calling to me grew stronger, and I pressed into him, wanting to soak it up and douse this unbearable heat. My Beta fire she-wolf grew more docile thanks to that dark magic that now fought to consume me. My feverish lips sought his hard chest, and beneath it his heart thudded, steady and constant.
---- I pushed aside whatever was in my way-his shirt, I think-and finally pressed my mouth to him, licking and kissing, feeling like I wanted more... so much more. A deep growl rumbled over my head when my claws sank into his tight skin. A drop of blood reached my licking, and I dragged my tongue over his nipple, tasting him, craving him greedily. My mind was a cloud of steam, and something more primitive was waking up inside me. Something that made my panties soak and my pussy blaze like an oven screaming to be speared by his cock. "Shhh...
if you keep sucking me like candy, I'll lay you against the first tree I see and mount you until I fill you, darling... you're playing with fire, Abigail..." A delicious growl blew in my ear, and it didn't sound like an empty threat. My heavy eyelids lifted halfway, and I looked at him through the haze... a sky full of clouds, storms, and wicked promises "Heat... so much heat..." was the only coherent thing I managed to say before I blacked out. ---- My body shuts down when I hit the critical level of barely being able to handle the flames.
Being with him soothed me; it had to be because he was a very strong male, and his power managed to tame mine. But the lycan prince wasn't just any man, and it showed, he was a shameless flirt and womanizer. I needed someone from this realm, a responsible winter male, to build my family... In the end, I'd end up giving in to what I've avoided so much. I'd have to pair up with a wolf from the winter clan out of necessity, not desire... much less love. And I keep asking about my soulmate, my glamorous mate... what the hell is he doing that he still hasn't shown up?
###Chapter 1554
---- 312, UNBEARABLE TEMPTATIONS FENRIR "I told you she's not burning from arousal, something else is happening inside her, this isn't normal, we need to cool her down!" My wolf roared, and I went from homy to seriously worried. "Abigail, baby, don't scare me, react...!" I spoke close, but only stifling pants came from her parted lips. Her breath was so hot it almost stung my face. She moaned, writhing, and not exactly from pleasure.
"Remember that crack we found along the way, the one that felt cold?" Gale reminded me of the rocky rise we didn't get to explore Without another thought, I gripped her tight and started running that way. Carrying her in my arms like a princess. I felt Abigail needed me desperately; I couldn't let anything happen to her or I'd regret it for the rest of my life. My pupils narrowed on the surface of a small hill rising with ---- moss and tangled roots. Acold breeze was coming out from a spot in the wall, and I started feeling around with my fingers.
I maneuvered Abigail against my body while I roughly shoved the ferns aside and found the entrance plunging into total darkness. My wolf scanned the inside and heard only the sound of an underground current passing beneath the swamp bed. I went in blind, shielding her head and her delicate skin with my tough, weathered hide. I picked up a few cuts on the sharp outcrops, but after a torturous entry, the tunnel opened into a small cave. Even I sighed at the coolness underground and, best of all, a dark little pool flowed in the deeper part.
"Could it be dangerous, are there wild animals in there?" I moved closer slowly and, even with my excellent vision, I couldn't see much under the water. "I don't sense anything. Either way, let's get in first. Come on, stop wasting time." I set Abigail on the edge, on the wet stone, and she let out a long sigh; I'm guessing the cold ground eased her. ---- I took off my boots, my tunic, and the rest of my clothes, staying only in my underwear. I slipped into that small spring pool, feeling the currents of an underground spring run over my feet.
I dove a bit, searching for any beast's hole, any danger, but nothing that could threaten her. "Let's submerge her in the water, she'll like it." "Would you stop giving me orders? I get out from under Magnus's claws, and now you plan to turn bossy too." "If you weren't so impulsive, I wouldn't need to worry about your crazy stunts." Gale roars at me and I growl back, but soon both our attentions are back on Abigail and the problem in our hands right now. "If she wakes up and finds out we undressed her, she'll castrate us.
I swallowed, reaching for the laces of her corset; truth is, I was dying to rip it off with my teeth. "She cares a lot about her clothes, she won't want them soaked and besides she could catch a cold later. Undress her, it's... for her own good." ---- Gale's voice sounded predatory, and even he didn't believe the crap he was saying, but I played dumb... as usual My lustful claws hurried to reveal that white skin now flushing rosy. Sitting on top of her, straddling, I tugged the neckline down and bared those two small breasts.
Saliva pooled in my mouth and blood rushed to my cock at the sight of the delicious little strawberries of her areolas. I shook my head hard, stopping the pig act and focusing on her, who seemed to be burning with fever. But the pads of my fingers couldn't help stroking her curves, and by the time I reached her hips, my whole body was rigid and expectant. I'd fucked so many females in my life, I wasn't any saint, but I couldn't remember feeling this kind of feral hunger that Abigail stirred in my body.
My own selenic magic, which is so peculiar, tumbled playfully toward her pores, exploring her, seducing her... My wolf and I were way too curious about Abigail. Why can't Gale find her spirit animal? ---- With one last shred of self-control I finally reached the edge of her panties. I could pull them down with the dress, have her naked just for my eyes, pressed to my body while I dipped her in the pool. The idea of feeling her that close made my already hard cock tremble and bead with precum. "Shhh... a lot of heat is coming from there and a smell I'm loving. She...
definitely needs to cool her pussy." My "conscience's voice" sank its claws in again, and I hesitated for a second, torn between my desire and respecting hers. This is wrong, so wrong... but it would feel so good. Hesitating one last time, I lifted my gaze to her face to make up my mind, but I went even stiffer than the package I was packing. Abigail had opened her eyes at some point and was staring straight at me. Lying on the ground, her breasts out and me straddling her, about to get a full view of her pussy. For one of the few times in my life, I went mute, petrified...
my wolf played dead. ---- What could I do to justify this "slip" and the hard-on pitching a tent over my underwear? "Abigail... this isn't what it looks like.
###Chapter 1555
---- 313. A VIRGINAL PREY FENRIR "Just... well, I didn't want your clothes to get wet..." - ?not even your panties? I started babbling all kinds of excuses, each one dumber than the last. She suddenly sat up, and those gorgeous breasts bounced. I struggled to meet her eyes, and then I realized something wasn't right. "Abiga, what's going on? I'm sorry, really, I just wanted to hel..." The words got stuck on my lips when hers crashed into mine in a searing kiss. And not in a figurative way, in the literal sense.
Abigail's mouth was hot enough to scald; steam slid down my throat, pouring from her faster, harsher panting She hung from my neck, pushing to straddle my hips. Sweat ran down her feverish skin; she was burning like she could burst into flames any second Without breaking the connection, I gripped her under the butt ---- and hauled her against my chest. I scooted toward the edge and dipped into the pool with her. Water swallowed us whole and I kicked hard to bring us back up. A sigh of relief had her moaning at the chill of the little lagoon.
Her clouded eyes found mine up close while she fisted the hair at my nape and wrapped her legs around my waist. Goddess, her face was so beautiful and delicate, with that seductive crimson. Those full red lips looked hand-painted. Mist was rising off the water, wrapping us in an ambiguous haze. "need... your power..." she managed, broken up, and didn't even give me time to answer as she attacked my mouth again. I let myself be seduced and took control, unleashing the magic in my veins without holding back.
I didn't command it as well as my mother or my sister, but I didn't need much effort either. It felt like all of me wanted to spill out and take over all of her. I wrapped her in my arms and moved my lips in a predatory way, kicking beneath the surface to keep us afloat. My hands squeezed and groped her ass with lust, pressing her to my hard body, starving for her touch. I felt my magic seep into her pores and collide with the fire consuming Abigail ---- Gale kept insisting we find her wolf, but the redhead's insides were chaos.
Suddenly, in the middle of all the kissing and the increasingly filthy sounds leaving our mouths, her hand slid down, and she started fiddling with my cock. Clumsy as hell, but those off-beat squeezes on the head had me growling with arousal. "Mmnn," I groaned, hoarse, when her fingers slipped in and explored directly inside my underwear. "Shhh, wait, baby... wait..." I panted, moving with her in my arms. toward the edge My dick almost cried when her hand stopped massaging it. I managed to set her on a rounded, flat rock that the water was licking.
Stroking her neck and dying to suck her breasts, I started pulling down my underwear. My feet were planted solidly on the bottom; this part was shallower. Soon I was stark naked, and I tossed the garment aside carelessly. I eased back just to see her clearly. ---- Sitting with her legs open, thighs half submerged, wrapped around my hips, braced on my shoulders. That seductive face right in front of me, watching me, tongue sliding over those thick lips, fire-red hair spilling over pale skin. The shine in her gray eyes made her look so tender, so innocent and... virginal.
"hhh, baby, you're killing me..." I couldn't hold back any longer. I bent to those cherries and took 'one in my mouth. Abigail's rough moan was an aphrodisiac in my ears while I devoured a nipple. My cheeks worked hard, sucking deep, growling as I ate her tits with shameless lust. I didn't waste any time and went for her panties. She wanted me, and I was hotter than the oven between her legs. I nudged her and made her lift her ass. My tongue curled around those hard peaks, circling them, nibbling with soft, feral hunger.
Drool ran down my chin, but I had to pull away to slide her ---- panties down her legs. When I had them in my hands, I brought them to my nose. Even soaking wet, I sniffed them like a pervert, trying to catch Abigail's essence through all that smoky air. Roses... wild roses driving me insane-red and sinful, seductive and full of dangerous thorns, like Abigail herself. My wolfish eyes went half-lidded with a growl rumbling up from my chest, Gale clawing at the surface. Itall spiraled when my gaze climbed those creamy thighs and landed on the little slit between them.
My dick twitched under the water at the sight of her outer lips closed up, barely showing a pink line full of dark promises. I stretched out a hand without stopping the sniffing and ran a finger through the slick wet gathered in the middle. "Ahhh..." Abigail gave a muffled gasp and tipped her head back, bracing her hands behind her. Her ass perched on the border where rock met lagoon. My finger traced once more from her perineum up to her clit, rubbing it a little, teasing it. ---- Slow and deliberate, holding back my filthy urges.
I pressed the pad of my index finger in, and it was immediately sucked into that tight little hole; inside, she was burning. "More..." her moan knocked me completely off balance. Next thing, I was leaning in, grabbing her thighs to spread them, almost lifting her butt off the stone. With water up to my neck, I buried my face between her legs and licked her from top to bottom, tasting her sweet pussy with Gale's tongue. Her panties ended up like a bracelet, hanging from my arm. That smoke-kissed rose scent poured into my nose, heating my blood as it rushed south. "Shhh...
it's better than I imagined... get your tongue in deeper... ggrr deeper, into her vagina. ale was in predator mode. I sucked her inner lips and kissed Abigail's vulva hungrily, moving my head, slurping with need My rough, textured tongue was dying to thrust into the depths of that pussy. It burned, fuck, and my breath came out scorching, but I wasn't stopping for anything. ---- I was ready to let her cook my tongue while I ate her out good and proper, more desperate by the second However, I couldn't go very deep; when I shoved the tip forward, rough, Abigail tensed and cried out.
The metallic taste flooded my tongue and left me completely stunned. Had I hurt her?
###Chapter 1556
---- 314, ILIKE YOU A LOT FENRIR I opened my eyes wide, pushed up a little, and parted the petals with my fingers to see if I'd hurt her with my canines. A thin thread of blood rolled from the little hole and dissolved into the water beneath her ass. "Baby... you..." I lifted my gaze to see tears spilling from her unfocused eyes. "It hurts..." she told me in a nasal voice, so pretty and needy of me, nothing like the impetuous woman from the forest. Realization hit me like lightning. "Are you... are you a virgin?" My voice came out strangled and my wolf rose to hear the answer too.
Abigail's cheeks went up in flames and she nodded slowly. "Goddess... what kind of test is this?" I swallowed hard, staring again at her sensual curves, at her firm breasts. That soft little belly that hid below the doorway to the most delicious sin. How was a woman like her still a virgin? Did the males of this ---- realm have their eyes up their asses? I brought my fingers to my mouth, dragging them over my wet lips. Her taste still buzzed in my mouth, but so did her innocence... what if I took her virginity with my tongue? No, no, maybe I just hurt her a little... "Give me... your magic...
I need it..." Her arms stretched toward me again, greedy. "Let me see your face." I took her by the chin, reining her in a little, studying her blown pupils and the pinch between her brows. "Baby, do you even know what you're asking? You're pushing me to take your purity, Abigail!" I couldn't help but growl at her. I was turned on like few times in my life, but not enough to take advantage of her like this. From the strange way she spoke to me and how suddenly flirty she'd become; from her desperate need to get at my skin, I knew she only craved my selenic power.
It seemed to cool her own out-of-control magic. She plastered herself to my torso and licked my neck, winding ---- her legs around my hips again, but I squeezed my eyes shut. I clenched my teeth to keep from saying the words surging up my throat, driven by that damned truth spell. "If it were another wolf... like Magnus, for example, would she... offer him her virginity too, looking for relief?" Gale voiced my thoughts. Bitterness washed through me as I held her to my chest. Why did I crave for her to give herself to me for real because she desired me?
I was more than willing to mount her and make it damn good for both of us. Giving her my power wasn't the problem, just not like this... Abigail wasn't in her right mind, and I wasn't going to be such an asshole as to take her virginity and use her state against her. "Baby, shhh..." I groaned at the rub of her pussy against my hard, aching dick; her horny bites wrecking my neck. My mind fought the temptations. "We don't have to penetrate her to satisfy her..." Gale growled and I groaned again, squeezing her ass in my hands and pressing her onto the ground at the rim of the lagoon.
---- I climbed out of the water and crawled over her body, kneeling between her open legs. took my cock ina tight fist and started rubbing the tip, painting it along her labia The steady friction tured slick... mmm... hot and filthy, pushing me to the edge. My mouth went for her breasts, prowling over her, and knowing I was the only one who'd ever sucked them had my veins pumping hard. My magic rolled out, possessive, to wrap and seduce her; to give her what she was screaming for. Dark energy mixed in the air with the white, misty haze. "Ahh, Abigail... you're so wet...
shhh, so good, baby, fuck, so hot, more... moan more... say my name, baby, say it! Who's the male touching you!" I demanded in a roar against her chest while my crown sped up those maddening strokes along her slit. "Fenrir!" she moaned, feverish, lifting her hips and digging her nails into my muscles Knowing she recognized me, that she knew it was me, not some. ---- random man, taking her to orgasm, poured fuel on my lust. The tip of my dick almost slipped through that tight opening, teasing, tasting that intoxicating squeeze on all sides. My hand stroked her waist and slid to her clit.
I rubbed and circled it with my fingertips, feeling how sensitive it was, and Abigail's pussy juices overflowed, splashing my cock. My hips hammered faster, miming fucking her, and my fist pumped up and down the rest of my length. I straightened on my knees, gripping her hips like a madman to control her, driving my cock against her vulva again and again. That half taste, seeing the flushed crown almost push in, right on the verge of piercing her and holding myself back, had me tipping over the cliff of pleasure.
Abigail let out a rough cry and her thighs spasmed; her spine arched beautifully as her head lifted I was mesmerized by her red hair fanning out and the way her face twisted with lust as she came. Hot liquid like boiling lava bathed my crown and rigid, veined shaft I gripped my cock rougher to jerk it a little more, sliding it ---- between that sandwich of petals and slick. "Aaggrrr," I growled, feeling semen surge up from my tight balls. I sped up the stroke and shifted over her belly.
I was dying to cum at least on the outside of her pussy, but if a baby accident happened, Abigail would literally cut my balls off. Roaring with my canines bared, one hand on my cock and the other braced on the ground, I leaned over her and emptied myself in thick waves. All from just a few rubs, when I usually needed way more than that to finish with another woman. We were drenched in sweat, and the gasps of ecstasy still bounced off the cave walls. I opened my eyes and devoured her with fierceness as her eyelids began to droop.
The flames of her fire were settling, and the flush on her skin was fading Her red lips tempted me, and I couldn't help leaning in to give her a soft kiss as she slipped back into unconsciousness. "I just hope when you come to you won't be mad, Abiga... now that I can say it, I will..." I whispered against her mouth. ---- "I want to make love to you, honey... fuck, I don't know what to do with all these strange things you make me feel, but, baby..." ?like you a lot?
###Chapter 1557
---- 315. A PAINFUL TRUTH ABIGAIL The episodes with my fire wolf kept getting worse. It was like you were burning up from the inside, horribly, and there were very few things that could help. One of them was my sister's winter magic, but Hannah wasn't here, so, to survive, I clung to the only thing that could save me. The lycan prince Fenrir... which led to this embarrassing situation I'm in now. Lying on my side on the ground, wearing his shirt, I'm staring at the cave wall. I wish I could play dumb, but I remember almost everything!
By the Goddess, I practically assaulted the man, and the tingling pleasure in my body still lingers There's also an ache between my legs. Truth is, I don't remember some moments very well... though I know we didn't actually have sex. "Bryda... Bryda!" I call to my inner wolf, but I know very well how exhausted she's left every time she has to face that fire beast. ---- "Damn it," I mutter without meaning to. "Does it hurt again, Abigail? Are you awake already?" a rough voice comes from behind me, and his shadow falls over me. I can't keep pretending I'm passed out.
I fidget uncomfortably and turn over, grabbing the hem of the huge shirt to cover my thighs. "Yes, I'm better, thanks," I mumble, sitting up and staring at the floor. "Where are my clothes?" "Don't be scared, I'm drying them over a little campfire I put together..." \ lift my eyes and, farther ahead, see how he managed to set up a small camp inside this damp cave. My pupils narrow when I see his hand reaching in to touch my forehead. I jerk back, afraid of how my own body might react This male makes me feel weird ina thrilling way, and even more now, with him wearing only his pants.
"I'm sorry, I just wanted to see if you still had a fever." I instantly regret it when I see his kicked-puppy expression. ---- "No, no, it's okay... I just woke up a little startled, but I'm better now," I explain, itching to take his hand as it slowly lowers. We end up just staring; that intense blue devoured me, reminding me of his moans of pleasure, the way he touched me, his kisses... "Ahem... how long have I been resting?" I clear my throat to ease the awkwardness in the air. "A few hours. It's already getting dark," he answers, and I'm shocked by how long I was "out" this time.
I watch him move back to a little bundle near the lagoon. "Here, I found some wild fruit for you. In this swamp there isn't much... unless you want meat from one of those weird animals. I can hunt..." "No, it's fine, this is enough." My heart felt sweeter than the tiny fruits, seeing them carefully wrapped in a piece of cloth. He sits nearby, poking the fire with a stick, "Looks like you're better from the spell." "it's fading, but I'm fighting to bite my tongue every second, like ---- right now when I'm dying to ask if your pussy hurts...
fuck!" I couldn't help laughing at how flustered he was, and just like that, the air loosened and we talked more. I dodged anything that touched on the intimate encounter we'd had, and he didn't push. With the flames dancing, we talked about all kinds of silly things, getting to know each other, and I realized the lycan prince was a lot more complex than he looked. Fenrir seemed carefree, a rebellious, adventurous male, but you could also see the loyalty to his family and that built-in protective strength.
I wondered why such an outstanding man didn't have a partner; maybe he hadn't found his mate, like me. Soon I had my answer... "..well, I haven't found a partner in the Winter Clan, and you can see how hard it is to contain my power," I confessed when he asked "Tell me where that Clan is so I don't even go near their lands." "Why?" I asked suddenly, curious; he was busy gathering the clothes that had dried on the rocks. ---- "'m running from the winter woman who fought in the battle to get Nyx back..." He answered absent-mindedly, still with his back to me, but he had my full attention.
There was only one possible woman in that description... Hannah. "Why are you running from her?" I pushed my luck, firing the question before he could think. "Because I think she might be my mate, and I don't even want to check. I'm not ready to tie myself down like that to a wom..." His words cut off all at once, like he realized he'd given in to the serum's impulses, but it was too late... I'd heard everything. Suddenly, a blaze lit in my chest, mixed with unbearable pain. He could be my twin's mate, Hannah's, and that was wrong on so many levels.
I grabbed the dress he'd set beside me and yanked it on over his shirt. "Abigail, shit, I said too much... don't get mad, baby, look" ---- "Don't call me baby!" I yelled when he tried to hold my arm as I stood up. lyanked my arm away, full of rage, and faced his troubled expression. "What I said..." "It was the truth. You told the truth because you still can't lie," I laughed without a shred of humor. "But it has nothing to do with you, I "Yes, it does have to do with me, more than you can imagine..." I cut him off. His brow creased visibly.
"That incredible woman might be anxiously waiting for a mate who runs from her like the plague. Do you know how despicable that makes you look?" I ground out, feeling the wet in my eyes. I said it with all the knowledge in the world. Hannah was more carefree than me, not actively looking for a man, but how would she feel if she knew she'd been rejected even before she had a chance? "I'm not even sure, Abigail, it was just something fleeting!" ---- "You weren't going to check anyway; you didn't even want to see my sister!" I threw at him, tears sliding down my cheek.
He stepped back like I'd hit him. "Your... your sister?"
###Chapter 1558
---- 316. IN ENEMY TERRITORY ABIGAIL "The only possible winter woman is Hannah... my twin," I choked out, yanking the dress down in one go and throwing his shirt at him. I refused to stay here one second longer... with him. Guilt gnawed at me over what we'd done-and how badly I still wanted him deep down. "I didn't know..." he denied it. "Damn it, what a screw-up... Wait, Abigail! You can't leave like this!" He started after me when I hiked up my skirt and ran toward the cave mouth.
I didn't care how I looked, I didn't care about anything; the fire inside me was only just subsiding, I slipped back into the grotto and it was hard for him to catch me, but once I burst outside, he grabbed my arm and yanked me toward him. "Let go of me!" I planted my hand on his chest and shoved, furious. "No! You wanted the truth, so you're going to listen to me!" he ---- roared, crushing me to his chest and gripping my waist despite my useless struggling "Let me go, brute!" He caught my hair from behind and forced me to look at him, leaving me no room to flee that sharp, wolfish stare.
"I didn't seek out that woman who might be my mate... or maybe not. I didn't do anything to find out," he admitted. "But that doesn't make me the male you think I am; I don't deceive women, I'm not out there sticking my dick in any hole, if that's what you think of me." He hit the mark. "If you'd gotten close to my sister, you would've liked her; she's great, an incredible she-wolf, and I... we..." My voice strangled again with a sob fighting to escape. ?Why did I have to run into you of all people "I don't regret what we did, Abigail and I feel...
that you belong to me too." His words made my soul lurch. Even with my wolf unconscious, I felt that bond with him too, and not just because of his power. I liked Fenrir so much, I didn't care about giving myself to him. "This is wrong... it's so wrong! I would never do that to Hannah," I ---- started shaking my head, struggling to break free again "And what if you're my mate too? Tell me! Where is your wolf, Abigail?! Let Gale feel the bond with her!" "No, no, I don't want that!" I fought harder, like a madwoman.
"If you don't want my sister, then you don't want me either, you bastard!" I burst into flames that flashed from my skin so suddenly and searingly he had to let me go. The smell of scorched skin and singed hair hit my nose right away. My power was on the edge of losing control again. His eyes stared at me from less than a meter away, wide with emotions I couldn't read. And I didn't want to read them, either. It was like a lightning bolt hit me, and I made a painful decision. "My wolf is asleep, but she'll wake soon," I said with a cold calm I'd never experienced.
"If it turns out you really are my mate, I'll grant your wish to be free; I won't be a burden to you, and I'm sure my sister won't either..." ---- "Abigail, no..." His denial came out rough, full of dominance. + He stepped toward me with his hands out, but I backed up. "I'll grant you the rejection, so when you're ready, you can find yourself a perfect she-wolf from your mighty realm, far away from this backward swamp..." I felt the tears fall uncontrollably; I saw him through a humid blur. "I'm not going to accept your shitty rejection!" he roared, making the still waters tremble.
"I know I was wrong, but you can't judge me like this for a moment of immaturity, I..." "You were going to leave us waiting for a mate who would never show up. Is that immaturity... or cruelty, lyean prince?" "Abiga..." I didn't even let him come closer; my legs shook, and I was about to collapse. I spun around and plunged into the swamp's cold mist, shielded by darkness and shadows. He might be a lycan, an experienced hunter, but I was on ground I'd known since I was born.
---- Wandering the swamp at this hour was insane, but I was confused; all I wanted was to escape the male roaring behind me and begging me to stop. I knew exactly where the plants grew that would confuse his nose, and the mazes of raised roots and dense trees that would hide me from him. My chest tore a little more with every step I put between us. There was no doubt left... Fenrir has to be my mate. I don't know how long I ran on that suicidal sprint. My boots sank into the muddy ground, my legs burned, and my breath burst from my mouth in ragged gusts.
I fell to my knees deep in the territory. I'd reached a tiny islet through one of the many secret paths that wound over the lagoons. Head down, I bit my trembling lower lip and wiped the tears from my face. "So what if he doesn't want to commit?" I huffed, pathetic more than anything. "It's his loss, and besides... I can't believe we have the same mate." ---- In my fury, I hadn't thought that part through. What kind of joke was fate playing? I couldn't see myself sharing my partner with Hannah in any universe. A shiver ran down my spine just imagining it. "In the end..
it's better this way..." I closed my eyes, exhausted and wondering where my twin might be. Suddenly, something flashed in front of me, and I lifted my lids to see fireflies rising from the grass. I reached out my fingers, trying to soothe my soul, but just as I was about to touch one, they all flew off as if something had scared them. My pupils narrowed on the thick black lines beneath my body, and my ear finally caught movement in the surrounding forest.
"What do you want from me?!" I shot to my feet, but the runes drawn in a huge black circle began to activate with the chants of the sorcerers stepping out of the shadows, surrounding me. They'd set a trap, and I walked right into it.
###Chapter 1559
---- 317. JUMPING INTO THE FIRE FOR YOU ABIGAIL "Damn rebels!" I started to lunge at the closest of the ten who appeared, but something stopped me cold. "Aaggr!" I roared as I fell on my back, like my nose had slammed into an invisible shield. They had trapped me and, worse, the spell they cast was hitting me hard. The flames inside me rebelled stronger than ever; something was forcing them out of my body... something that coveted them. A black mist rose from the ground and took the shape of shadowy flowers... I knew that curse called Flame-Devouring Flowers. This looks terrible.
"Cowards, using such a filthy spell to drain my power!" I shouted, trying in vain to resist, but the burning on my skin was becoming unbearable. "They forced our hand; we will never be controlled by brainless ---- beasts." I lifted my head to see a woman beyond the haze, had to be the little boss. I wanted to answer, but a roar came out of my mouth instead, and I dropped to my knees, hugging myself. "Abigail, you have to get a grip, resist, I don't have the strength to hold her!" Bryda jolted awake at the danger, but I was going up in flames.
There was no controlling myself while that forbidden flower spell was leeching my magic like a parasite. And it wasn't even the original, just a cheap knockoff. Vincent, Alpha King Cedrick's Beta, was the one who had managed to tame the true devouring flower, but still, with me as unstable as I was, the trap was working. "Aaahh!" I screamed, feeling like I could only see red. My entire body dropped to all fours, exploding into a supernova of destructive magic. I was losing my connection to Bryda, to everything; I could only think about killing, razing, consuming.
---- Those sorcerers played with fire and ended up getting burned. Soon I heard the screams; the stench of blood and charred flesh swept the forest... "She" was taking control of my body and... was slowly burning up too. "Abigail..." my wolf Bryda called me from far away, but she was surrounded by despair. Sitting with her hands over her ears and screaming in pain... so much pain and tears. I would end up like many Centurias, destroyed by my own unstable magic. "I'm sorry, Dad, Mom... Hannah..." Before I lost their names, I whispered them in my soul, which was shattering.
Suddenly, his image appeared through the blur of tears... Fenrir... I never really stood a chance. Truth is, I liked that male so much... I called him so hard in my last seconds that I thought I heard his voice, or at least a voice like his, only more... bestial "DON'T YOU DARE DIE ON ME, ABIGAIL!" The roar tore through the haze, and I looked up to see a gorgeous wolf with a reddish coat break through the curtain of ---- fire. It was his animal spirit, I knew it the instant I saw him; he was running toward me, staring at me with those untamed ruby eyes.
How could he be inside my consciousness? Then I felt the growl at my back, the danger... "Get out, you shouldn't be here, she can hurt you!" I yelled, trying to drive him away, but he didn't stop Too late. A burning shadow leaped at me and charged the intruder. It was my Centuria she-wolf; she wouldn't be tamed so easily. If that male didn't prove he was stronger, if he didn't dominate her with a firm hand... she would finish him. "I AM YOUR MATE, OBEY ALREADY, DAMN IT!" The massive wolf went straight to grapple with her. "No!" I cried, reaching out in that world full of destruction and ash.
Only winter magic could contain her... or so we believed. But I forgot there were other realms, other powers, that the Selenias existed. ---- When the two energies slammed head-on, Fenrir's wolf was covered in a black-and-gold mantle that quickly merged with the red and orange. Their forms intertwined, pure magics fighting for supremacy. You could see fangs and claws inside the multicolored light. Suddenly, a golden burst blinded me and made me squeeze my eyes shut for a second When I opened them, I was shocked by the scene unfolding in front of me.
Fenrir's wolf had my Centuria Beta pinned beneath him, claws at her neck, while she still bared her teeth at him. He lowered his muzzle, all dominance; she braced to strike, but I felt her bewilderment when their noses brushed in a gentle nuzzle. "I don't want to hurt you, little wolf; you're part of my mate and I accept her completely." That bestial voice told her slowly. "Submit to me, little one...
make a pact with me and become Abigail's protector." ---- A knot tightened in my throat when I saw my wolf go calm, even submissive, and the violence faded I touched my chest; I had never felt this sensation of... control I always felt in danger, suffocated, afraid of exploding from my own power. Through the smoke and my tears, I watched them nuzzle. Those ruby eyes fixed on me as my consciousness began to haze over. "You are my mate, Abigail; I'm going to win you both over, my female... I will never let you go. My name is Gale and I...
am your male." His voice came in a dominant whisper that made me tremble as. I felt the gusts of his incredible power. Amid golden flashes, I finally took control of my mind and body. Arms wrapped around me; I was being held against a strong chest. Seated on solid thighs. Despair turned into relief. "Fenrir..." I said his name and clung to him as I cried, full of ---- emotions. "Easy, little one, you're safe now, baby... I'll never let anyone hurt you, not even you yourself..." His words soothed the sobbing fit that had broken my strength. His scent comforted me.
Hidden in his arms I felt so protected, so loved... but then I remembered this was all an illusion, an impossibility... I pulled away slowly, wiping my tears and feeling the changes inside me Ravena, my fire wolf, was calm, willing to cooperate for the first time, and Bryda, my spirit animal, was finally safe and resting from her constant battle. "I'm... I'm better, thanks to you, and... Oh, Goddess... what did I do!" My hands flew to my mouth when, as I drew back, I could finally see him clearly, and all the pandemonium I had unleashed around me.
###Chapter 1560
---- 318. WHAT'S HAPPENING HERE?! ABIGAIL We were sitting over a dark pit, with ashes and charred bodies all around me. I had finished off the rebel threat, that was certain. The trees in the forest were still smoking and crackling, burning; the smell was dense, and the smoke made my eyes sting. Worst of all was how I'd left Fenrir's body. The severe burns were only just starting to heal on his skin; it had to hurt so much, despite his regeneration. "You... did you hold me during the crisis?" My voice broke as the truth sank in.
"Fenrir, you could have died..." "Then I would have died with you, Abigail, because I have never felt as desperate as when I felt I was losing you," his voice came out hoarse and tight, through clenched teeth. I didn't know if he was furious, worried, desperate, or a mix of it all. "Do you know the danger you exposed yourself to? If I hadn't found you, you'd be dead!" he roared, and I could see the ---- desperation in his pupils, a mix of red and blue. "I didn't know I was getting close to the rebel camp." I lowered my head, but my eyes landed right on the burn on his chest, raw and awful.
"I know you're a good person despite everything, but you shouldn't have jumped into the fire like that for a stranger..." I started looking for any scrap of clothing, but we were both naked and, again, shame washed over me. I tried to back away, but his hands clamped on my arms and he made me face him. His expression flashed danger. "Do you think I'd jump into the fire for just anyone? I did it because you're mine, my mate! And I know I was wrong, but my life... 1." He clenched his teeth so hard I saw the veins stand out in his jaw. "Abigail, I want you, okay?
Only you, and I intend to fight for our bond," he promised, his thumbs stroking my sensitive skin. "But you told me you didn't want commitment..." "That was before I met you, before I touched you, before I ---- smelled you and felt you... My female, your soul is screaming for me. He leaned in and sighed near my mouth. "Your she-wolf isn't letting Gale in; I know she's aware, I know she feels us perfectly well, but she's afraid, like you..." "It's not fear," I murmured. The knot of pain in my chest was unbearable again "It's... loyalty. My wolf and I are loyal to Hannah.
If I shared you with your brother, how would you feel?" When I asked him that, silence fell. The truth spell was already history, just as our failed bond would be. Fenrir gripped my arms so hard I felt the mark of his fingers; it was a gesture full of frustration. His lowered eyes flicked around, frantic, searching for what to answer, "We're going to your sister right now; we're going to clear all of this up once and for all." When he lifted his gaze again, it was full of determination.
---- "No matter how things turn out: I the lycan prince of Nocturne, choose you as my mate." "That's not a decision you can make on your own." I tried to pull away, but he held my chin in a dominant grip. He brought me close to his lips and his pupils narrowed, lupine, spellbinding... "Yes I can, and I will. Wanting you and loving you: that's something no one can take from me." His lips crashed against mine and moved me with rough need, but I didn't open my mouth for him, not this time. I tasted bitterness, the salt of my tears, and I resisted the call of his wolf.
Bryda was in agony, circling and circling. I knew very well that lycan could slip into my inner world if he wanted, but he didn't force her, and his melancholy howls brushed her ears from afar. But Bryda was loyal to her sister wolf; she needed to know she had her blessing, that this could be resolved somehow. I closed my eyes and stepped back with my head down. ---- "You need to heal, you're in bad shape..." "What I need is to get you safely home and find your sister," he said, helping me to my feet. Being naked in a moment this sentimental was almost ridiculous.
My obsession with cleanliness and order was on vacation with so much drama. I kind of didn't care about anything "It's ironic you were running from Hannah up until a day ago." I twisted my mouth, standing up and trying to cover myself with my hands. The air was still an oven that made him sweat; however, I was fine. "For the one time I decide to be a coward in my life, the price I paid was way too high. You already know the idiot you got stuck with...
but relax, I'll be an obedient husband." He answered with certainty, but with his back to me, while he searched through the debris for something we could throw on. A sad smile slid onto my lips when I saw him bend over and flash me his ass cheeks without a shred of shame. ---- This crazy man had jumped into deadly fire just for me. He held me and comforted me while he tore himself apart in flames and risked his life. Why can't he be mine? I feel like I left a stifling prison only to step into another. Even so, daylight caught us on the way back to the pack.
In rags, a mess, but at least he was healing. We walked in silence, each lost in our thoughts, though Fenrir had taken my hand and refused to let go. My fire wolf kept seeking his dominant magic, and Bryda gazed longingly at her Alpha. We reached the spot near where I had split from Hannah when a presence caught my attention. Fenrir stopped short too, and soon the sound of footsteps echoed nearby. The bushes burst apart and an almost exact copy of my mate appeared, but with a deeper frown. "I was already heading out to look for you..." he said ina booming voice and shot me a curious look.
---- Suddenly, someone stepped out from behind him, and my eyes met a pair of gray ones just like mine. "Abigail!" "Hannah!" We both shouted at once and ran to the middle to hug like we hadn't seen each other in an eternity. When I wrapped my arms around her waist, my nose pressed to her neck and I caught her scent mixed with another, possessive and very dangerous. My eyes narrowed on the bite mark peeking out from the dress and branded on the nape of her neck. Hannah had been marked by the male who was with her.
My eyes widened as I looked at him, standing behind her, and I knew at once who he was. Fenrir's twin brother had marked Hannah. What the hell was happening here?!
###Chapter 1561
---- 319. MISUNDERSTANDINGS NARRATOR Everyone was asking themselves the same thing. What kind of tangled mess was this? When Fenrir stepped forward, Magnus did the same and grabbed his female, pushing her dominantly against his chest. "She's mine, Fenrir. I marked her," he told him with a seriousness he'd never used with him before. "Magnus, what are you doing? Let me go..." Hannah struggled a little. "No." His aura started to turn dangerous. "You're newly marked; I don't like you being close to another male, even if he's my brother." He declared it, and his sharp eyes fixed on Fenrir.
They had always been one, but in this, Magnus wasn't willing to share. "Ym sorry, brother, but I can't hand over my mate." "What the hell are you talking about, Magnus?!" Hannah was getting impatient and Abigail's head was a mess. "Hold on, hold on, how is my sister your mate? Wasn't she ---- Fenrir's mate?" Abigail pointed over her shoulder. "What? Of course she's not my mate! My male is Magnus," Hannah clarified right away. The scene in the clearing looked like a tragicomedy and, suddenly, everyone stared at the culprit of the tangle... the lyean prince Fenrir, who had gone thoughtful.
Pretty rare for him. "But Fenrir said..." Abigail stammered, and Magnus was also looking at his twin with his heart in his throat. Despite the incredible night he'd had, the happiness of finding his other half had always been stained by fear and a sense of disloyalty toward Fenrir. "That day we were very far out. The battlefield was chaos," he began to explain, raking his hair back, full of confusion.
"The breeze carried a cold, magical scent, mixed with another that tickled my nose and I really liked it; that's why I thought my mate was the winter woman, but..." Fenrir took a step forward and sniffed the air toward Hannah. Magnus gave a low growl but controlled his wolf's possessive impulses. "No... she's not my mate. She smells of that same winter magic, but it isn't mixed with the other essence..." He looked straight at ---- Abigail. "Roses." Fenrir scrunched up his face, full of frustration. How could he have been so wrong?
It's true he hadn't paid much attention, more immersed in the fight; it was barely a breath among so many scents, but it was too special. He shouldn't have ignored it. "Frozen roses, like a rosebush in winter, that's how it smelled," he murmured, "but now you don't smell exactly like that anymore. Can you do winter magic too?" Then Abigail and Hannah understood everything and almost felt like cracking open that dumb lycan's head.
"You got confused because of the spell I always put on Abigail's body to help her control her flames," Hannah answered with a sigh "That spell faded and I couldn't find my twin to restore it, so you didn't smell it on me again," Abigail couldn't believe this madness. "I can't do winter magic, I'm a Centuria. In the fight, Hannah created a whole frozen armor for me so I wouldn't risk losing control." Silence fell over the clearing. ---- Magnus was planning to give his brother a good kick in the " Count" when they were alone.
He hadn't even been able to fuck his woman better because he kept thinking about his "betrayal." + "You're my mate, I'm sure of that... so we can..." "We can nothing." Abigail stepped back, dodging Fenrir's, effusive hug "Why, Abiga? We already cleared everything up and, what a coincidence, your sister is my twin's mate, we're all in the family "Fenrir, this doesn't erase what you did or how mad I am," she told him, raising her voice a little. "If you had come up to us from 'the start, there wouldn't have been so many misunderstandings!" "I already said I'm sorry, my love!
What do you want me to do to make it up to you? You want me to get on my knees!" Before Abigail could open her mouth to answer with sarcasm, her whole body went rigid. The males turned, roaring a warning, and Hannah also shivered with fear. All of a sudden, a bush was shoved aside and a huge shadow ---- burst through it.
"I don't know if you're going to get on your knees or hand me your balls on a platter, but right now you're going to explain what the fuck you're doing with my daughters." A towering Alpha, nearly two meters tall, full of scars, rough and weathered by the swamp's hard life, joined the party in the clearing. Light hair fell down his strong bare back and gray eyes narrowed with a beast lurking in their depths. "Da... d," Abigail and Hannah stammered at the same time. "Are you coming to my side on your own or do I need to go get you?" his low growl oozed danger.
Abigail obeyed first and Hannah slipped free of her mate. Marked or whatever, she knew that if she didn't go, she'd only make things harder for Magnus. The lycan gripped her hand hard, unwilling to let her go, but she signaled him not to hold her back. The tension in the air could be cut with a knife. Other warriors from the swamp pack prowled among the mangroves. ---- They stood by their father's side, trading complicit looks and whispering an emergency plan in each other's minds.
"Now give me one damn reason not to toss you to the gators, especially you, redhead..." He lifted his chin at Magnus, who glared back. "And talk fast, the same way you were so quick to mark my precious daughter." Hakon was holding himself back from leaping at them and fighting outright. They didn't call him the wild Alpha of the swamp for nothing. But he swallowed his rage for his daughters, who had been waiting a long time for their mates, and for his wife, who wouldn't stop matchmaking husbands for them. He never imagined these would be the ones chosen by the Goddess.
He didn't like them, these two "daughter-stealers," especially because he knew very well what the consequences would be. His most precious treasures would be taken from his side and leave for someplace far away.
###Chapter 1562
---- 320. FORGIVE ME, MY LOVE NARRATOR "We have the best intentions with your daughters, sir." "Sure, so good that you sank your canines into her before asking for her hand," Hakon snarled in anger. The same feeling that had followed him from the depths of his swamp all the way to his pack. But faithful to the promise he made to his daughters, the slaughter hadn't started... yet. A feminine hand on his thigh squeezed hard; it was his wife, Anastasia's. They were all seated in a family meeting. Or rather, the accusers on one side and the accused on the other: Fenrir and Magnus.
"Lycan princes, this has really... been something unexpected for us as parents; please understand my partner," Anastasia, the realm's Beta Centuria, spoke firmly, but more conciliatory. She was the mother of the twins, who now stood to the side like good girls, though inside their nerves were through the roof. "Mother-in-law..." ---- "Call her Mrs. Anastasia," Hakon almost barked at Fenrir. He thought he was the better of the two because, at least, he hadn't marked his little girl. He had no idea how fast he'd change his mind. "Mrs. Anastasia... a.k.a.
our future mother-in-law," he "corrected," and Magnus gave a short, brusque cough beside him. "Don't you dare drop one of your pearls, Fenrir; if not, let me do the talking," he roared in his mind, where most of the conversations in the room were happening. "We want to formally ask for your daughters' hands; we fully intend to make them our princesses, they will never lack for anything..." "Are you implying that in my pack they were missing something?! "Hakon smacked the armrest, which creaked dangerously.
"Please, Alpha, we can't be arguing over every word!" Anastasia's eyes flashed dangerously at her man. She was a tall, robust woman, with hair as red as the fiercest fire, and a warrior's temper to match. But a woman all the same, she saw beyond the males' simple " marking territory." ---- "Our daughters have been searching for their ideal males for a while and, even though we would have wished they were from our continent..." Anastasia paused, looking at her girls. "You can't fight destiny." Now that the moment had come, her heart clenched too.
Her trembling hand was suddenly taken by Hakon's big, rough one, and he gave it a gentle squeeze. "Fine, we, as their parents, will always look out for them. We accept if the twins agree with your union, though Hannah... it's obvious she's already chosen." "Mom... Dad..." The powerful winter woman stood and walked to the front, to her beloved parents. Then she bowed in respect, dropping to one knee and taking them by surprise. Her hand went to hold her parents' hands in her lap. "I'm grateful for all the love I've received until now.
No matter where I go, I'll always come back home," she told them, her voice strangled by emotion. Tears began to roll from Hannah's red eyes. ---- Most of Hakon's anger melted away. Everyone could call him a savage, but deep down he knew he'd been blessed by the Goddess to enjoy so much time with his daughters. He wouldn't make it that hard. Even an "uncivilized" man like him understood they needed a partner. More than once he'd seen them sighing in the corners. "As long as you're happy..." "I'll make her very happy, Alpha Hakon!" Suddenly, Magnus seized the moment to deliver the final blow.
He stood too and dropped to one knee beside his female, something he'd done few times in his life. "Hannah is... the blessing I've been waiting for," he looked at her passionately by his side. Their love-struck wolves reflected in each other's eyes. A union made in heaven. "You'd better, and just so you know... we're still fighting today," ---- Hakon leaned forward to whisper through clenched teeth.
"I don't give a shit that they turned me into a lycan; my Alpha wolf is enough to hold you accountable if you hurt my daughter." "Then we'll fight only for fun, never over a grievance." Magnus's wise tongue was on a roll. He was applying every smooth-talking politician trick he knew. Hakon couldn't mash him the way he wanted; at least Hannah had managed it. "Come give me a hug, my little girl!" Anastasia yanked her to her also-prominent chest. There, between boob and boob, they managed to share a tight family hug. Magnus extended his hand to his future father-in-law and left it hanging.
"We'll prepare a wedding, with my parents too..." "In my swamp first," Hakon clarified, inflexible. "Wherever Hannah wants," Magnus added and, after taking Hakon's murderous glare, finally got the greeting. But it wasn't a handshake.
###Chapter 1563
---- Hakon pounded his left chest hard with a closed fist. The sign of respect from one warrior to another, of trust and recognition of strength and brotherhood. Magnus stood, taking his mate's hand and helping her up. In front of his in-laws, he struck his left chest hard as well. "I, Magnus Thorne, lycan prince of Nocturne, swear on my life, with the Goddess as my witness, to protect and love your daughter Hannah until the end of my days." His magnetic, steady voice resonated inside the cabin.
Fenrir watched his brother's display of confidence and how he held his female already safe under his dominion. He wasn't as confident as Magnus; for the first time he envied his brother's poise. He looked at his mate, at Abigail... but she wasn't looking at him. Her expression was hard to read as she watched her sister pair off in front of their parents. It was obvious that, for them, getting Hakon and Anastasia's approval mattered a lot. Hannah and Magnus passed the trial by fire; now it was the other ---- couple's turn.
"Well then, what about you, lycan boy?" Hakon tipped his chin at Fenrir. The powerful male stood, but his aura fluctuated along with his insecurities. "Alpha Hakon, Beta Centuria, I am your daughter Abigail's mate," Fenrir said, looking at Abigail. A stab of pain crossed his chest because she still wouldn't look at him. Besides, her she-wolf wasn't letting Gale through either. "I must say I thought you had a point in your favor for not marking her without our blessing, but right now... 'm not so sure Hakon wasn't an idiot and Anastasia even less.
You could see the little hearts floating between Hannah and Magnus; however, the tension between Abigail and Fenrir was palpable. On top of that, Hannah went back to her sister's side and took her hand, whispering something in her ear. Anastasia frowned; she knew her pups far too well. ---- "Well, it's been a short time; we thought about waiting longer..." "Abigail, daughter, what do you think of the union with your mate?" Anastasia cut Fenrir off without much ceremony. Her being less of a beast than her man wasn't the same as liking frills.
Abigail lifted her head; her gray eyes showed a sea of storms. Suddenly, she stood, sighing, fists tight at her dress's sides. "Abigail, please, we can talk about whatever you want, the two of us; at least give me a chance," Fenrir said anxiously. He feared the worst: that she'd want to reject him outright. Those beautiful pupils stared at him and then went back to her parents. Anastasia with a worried look and Hakon with the savage killer right around the corner. "Speak without fear, Abigail! Did this male offend you in any way? Did he hurt you?
Don't tell me he forced you?!" "I'd never do something like that to a female, much less to my mate!" Fenrir roared, baring his canines and earning a warning ---- growl from Hakon's wolf "Let's all calm down." Magnus held his brother's shoulder so he'd take a step back. Anastasia kept her man in check. "Daughter, what's going on?" she asked again, but this time almost like an order. "I need to think about it," Abigail finally answered, her eyes filling with moisture.
"I'm sorry, but I'm not sure I want him as my mate; I need time..." She dropped the bomb and grabbed her dress to run out of the room. "Abigail!" Fenrir shouted, hurt deep in his soul. This was almost a rejection of their bond, and right in front of everyone. He moved to chase her, but Hakon blocked his way. "Don't you even think of cornering her or I'll tear you apart! Don't give me a reason, boy, because I swear I'm about to lose it!" He roared so loudly the house shook to its core. Fenrir didn't force his way forward, even though his wolf howled ---- in desperation to chase his female.
Hannah and her mother went after Abigail. Magnus was yelling in his mind that he needed to be smart and not so impulsive. But how do you stay calm when the love of your life is slipping through your hands, and you can't do anything to justify yourself? It was all his fault. This was damn karma for the times he denied her, for insisting he preferred freedom and adventures over commitment. ?I don't want to be free anymore, Abigail. I want to lock myself in the same cage with you and throw the key far away. Forgive me, my love.?
###Chapter 1564
---- 321. FIGHT IN THE SWAMP NARRATOR "Right now you're going to tell me what happened, Abigail." Anastasia was standing in front of her daughter, who'd run to the little house she shared with Hannah. In the swamp pack, the houses were built on the thick, massive trunks of the trees. That way they wouldn't get swept away when the waters rose during stormy times. "The problem is that Prince Fenrir... thought I was his mate..." Hannah rushed to her rescue and told Anastasia what had gone down. Obviously, she left out the intimate parts with her man.
"That bastard!" Anastasia roared, flames prickling over her skin. "But he helped me too, Mom; my fire wolf... is under control," Abigail murmured, still with her head down. "Yeah.. Anastasia noticed the sea of fire inside Abigail had calmed. hat's true." Now that she was looking her over closely, Not completely, though-not without her male's mark, and her ---- wolf kept seeking him. "He can help you, however..." Anastasia sighed. She didn't like one bit that prince running away from one of her daughters. "He respected me too; I had... a relapse and he...
didn't take advantage of me, he just took care of me." "So, Abigail, are we going to defend him or crucify him?!" Anastasia was starting to lose her patience. Abigail was way too picky and spoiled. "Mom, if we hadn't run into each other by accident, I would've spent my whole life waiting for him!" She snapped her head up. "Besides, I'm not in the mood to make it that easy after what he planned to do with Hannah!" She stood with determination. There were no crocodile tears on her face, and far from looking stricken or hurt, she looked fierce. "But...
I already paired with Magnus and everyone's happy..." "Well I'm not happy!" she shot back at Hannah, who gave her a resigned look. "Plus, your mate is good and good. He made sure real fast so he ---- wouldn't have to share with his brother... what if you were both their female?" "Ugh, may the Goddess spare me from that disaster!" Hannah even started to pray. Anastasia had a nervous tic in one eye. Deep down, sometimes she wondered if it wasn't time to kick the fledglings out of the nest so she could live alone with her male.
"Abigail, then, my daughter, are you telling me that whole dramatic scene was just to punish Prince Fenrir?" Anastasia stared at her, wondering how twins could be so different. "Mother," Abigail gave her that look that spelled trouble. "Get ready to celebrate two weddings, but, sister..." She looked at Hannah. "I'm really sorry, you'll have to wait a few days so I can show that stuck-up lycan what it means to be kept waiting." Her gaze flashed wickedly.
"He's going to have to prove he truly values the bond between us and it's not just another whim, or, Mom, only one of your ---- daughters is getting married." She grabbed her skirt, thrusting her chest out, chin high, and walked like a queen to her room. "Blessed Goddess, the contradiction of contradictions," Anastasia muttered. "And here I thought you would be the hard one to pair off." She looked at Hannah, who gave her a resigned smile. They always said that, because she was such a tomboy and not very feminine, so carefree, no man would accept her.
Yet look how she'd happily frozen Prince Magnus's heart solid. "This is going to give me more gray hairs, that's for sure," Anastasia huffed as she left. Now she'd have to figure out how to explain this mess to her wild Alpha. se Inside one of the cabins farthest from the center of the Swamp Pack: "Now you really have gone completely insane!" Magnus roared at his brother, itching to crack open that thick skull.
###Chapter 1565
---- "How could you say that to your mate?!" "I was under a fucking spell!" Fenrir roared back like a caged animal. Well, that's basically what they were: locked in the cabin, with swamp warriors watching from below. Hakon had thrown them in there to await sentencing. For being sinners, precisely. "A spell?" "I already told you we ran into the rebels, then..." Fenrir told him about his adventures, and when he got to the part where he drank the unknown contents of a vial, Magnus wasn't as shocked as he should've been. Fenrir was that reckless.
Goddess, Sasha had once told him that their father had been an idiot when he was young too Magnus couldn't picture Aldric that wild; thank the heavens for his surly nature. He was more like their grandmother Gabrielle. "You're a breed they don't make anymore..." he growled with a ---- sigh "And so are you, little brother..." Fenrir turned toward him with fangs bared and on the defensive. He was mad at himself, but since he couldn't punch himself, he went for the replacement.
"So you suspected Hannah could be my mate too, and you rushed to shove your dick and your teeth in..." "Hey, show some respect when you talk about my female!" Magnus bared his claws too. "I'm not talking bad about her, I'm talking about you! What kind of shitty brother are you, you traitor, stealing the prize before talking to me?!" Fenrir knew he was being unfair to his brother. He'd told him himself to keep her if he found her, that he didn't want a mate; he wasn't even sure he'd found her. He regretted every word. Why did Magnus have to put off his happiness just because of his whims?
"The problem is, as usual, I thought of myself first and I'm sick of always playing babysitter, cleaning up all the crap you leave in ---- your wake," Magnus shot back, full of defiance. "So now I'm a burden to you?" Fenrir stepped forward, his body shifting fast. "Stop being a brat, Fenrir. Grow the fuck up already, that's why your mate rejected you in front of everyone!" "FUCKING ARROGANT IDIOT!" The guards beneath the tree suddenly heard roars and, right after that, it sounded like an earthquake had hit the swamp.
But the violent shaking only hit the poor tree where the "future grooms" cabin was. The branches started trembling hard and the trunk creaked ina wild sway. Roots began to rip up from deep in the earth and the tree was about to fall. "Watch out!" one of the guards shouted, and they backed away so they wouldn't get crushed. The bestial roars grew more violent; it was obvious a fight was raging up above. Suddenly, the trunk's cracking tilted the little house to one side- it went nosediving and hung in the air on a dangerous edge.
---- With a screech, the door tore free and flew through the air along with two colossal shadows. "What the hell...?!" They froze, seeing two massive hulks of muscle, all claws and fangs, tumbling tangled from the heights in a ferocious fight. "Go call Alpha Hakon! Fast, or they'll be widows before the wedding!" The lycan brothers had rarely fought this seriously in their lives. Even Aldric struggled to separate them when they went full stubborn savage mode. Only one person could bring their macho egos down a notch with just a raised eyebrow.
A small person who, casually and innocently, was coming to check how her boys were doing.
###Chapter 1566
---- 322. WE SURRENDER VALERIA I have to confess, I feel melancholy and sometimes even old. When did my little family grow so much? Even my two little pups, who just a few years ago clung to my skirt, now look for any chance to go off on adventures. I hope Aldric comes back today, because Silas showed up saying they'd won the war and everything turned out fine with Lyra and Drakkar. What a tangle my family is, and how fast the fledglings are flying the nest.
I look with nostalgia, through the carriage window, at this incredible new territory, the Continent of the Centuries and the Men of Winter. I never imagined that a little she-wolf full of traumas like me would get to witness the grandeur of this universe. The Goddess's different creations... I feel grateful for having been brave, for having said yes, for having taken the risks... ---- "Don't worry about the rebels, Valeria, I'm sure your boys are toying with them." I look ahead, at Queen Raven. "Im not worried about them, but rather about the poor swamp," I said with a sigh.
"Truth is, I even feel sorry for those wretched sorcerers," Nyx snorts, full of mockery. "You shouldn't pity them, little one." Raven patted the hand she had resting on her lap. Both sat side by side. "You can't imagine how arrogant they've always been with us; not one of them would defend you if he knew what Edmund wanted to do to you!" I watch the interaction between mother-in-law and daughter-in- law. Honestly, I'm relieved for Nyx and the in-laws she brought with her.
Despite the stumbles with her mate, I see her with shining, love- struck eyes, and she gets along with them It shows that Raven and Amber have grown very fond of her. Not just because she's my granddaughter, but Nyx is a very good pup. ---- The one who isn't very happy, to say the least, is Sigrid, because she already knows Nyx wants to stay here. It's the most logical thing. Her mate Aidan is the future Alpha King of this Continent, Druid of the Men of Winter, and she'll be his Selenia Queen. Mom is ecstatic that the Selenia seed is spreading to the far reaches and beyond.
I only wish for them to be happy, for just a magic doorway to separate me from them. My descendants, the family I built with sacrifice and love. "We're arriving," Raven's voice pulls me out of my thoughts. "I'm sure King Aldric has already met up with the boys." She adds, and the volatile combination of those three, without me in the middle, makes every hair on my body stand on end. "You can't imagine how mischievous lycans can be..." And as always... I should've bitten my tongue. It was a matter of setting foot in that pack and hearing, in the distance, some very familiar roars.
"Don't tell me they're fighting here!" I exclaimed, urgency ---- whipping my soul I grabbed my skirt and jumped off the boat that was ferrying us across the lagoon to the main island. "Wait, Vale!" Raven called to me, but I didn't stop because I already feared the disaster. "Let her go, or they'll end up ruining poor Hakon's swamp.. Nyx's voice trails behind as I speed away. I sweep past the wooden palisade like a gale, not even giving the gate warriors time to see me. Just a golden flash and black mist hunting its prey.
Raven feathers float in the air; I follow the scent of their blood, their roars, the sounds of blows, and I get angrier and angrier. I see them in the distance, wreaking havoc and smashing trees like two savages, despite my having spent years teaching those two some manners. I catch, as if in slow motion, the swamp's Alpha sprinting in, furious, fangs out and ready to intervene. "LEAVE THEM TO ME!" I roar in his mind, and I see the jolt in his eyes. ---- He hasn't even seen me, but he will very soon. I summon my Selenia magic and leap with my arms.
outstretched, where black feathers help lift me into the heights. Without any mercy, I turn my energy into golden bolts and drop hard between them, destructively. jBBOOOMM! "Run, Fenrir!" "Fuck, there's no time! Mom, we surrender, we surrender!" But it's already too late to ask for forgiveness and even less to escape. I hear them pleading as they try to flee my wrath; they know running will be worse for them. But their survival instinct makes them move, or they'll get fried by the bolts streaking down. "IF YOU DARE TO RUN IT'LL BE WORSE! STAY WHERE YOU ARE AND SHIFT OUT OF YOUR BEAST FORMS!
NOW!!!"
###Chapter 1567
---- 323. WHO ARE THE UNLUCKY ONES? VALERIA I command them in their minds before my feet hit the ground and open a dangerous crater that sinks several inches. The earth cracks as if a black spiderweb were spreading under my boots. "Aaaggg!" they roared when the Selenia magic struck them, and the smell of burned fur fills the air, but they stay put and start to shift.
My claws extend and grab each of their ears, forcing them to bend "Right now you're going to explain to me, Magnus and Fenrir Thorne, what the hell you're doing fighting in someone else's house." My words come out through clenched teeth; I'm angrier than I've been ina long time. "Mommy, we can explain, but let us go, pretty please..." "You're making us look bad in front of everyone, and we're naked on top of that!" Fenrir adds in my mind. 1 "You should be ashamed of putting on such a savage show, and ---- you didn't care about the audience!
You two are the ones who took your clothes off!" I felt zero compassion, not even for Magnus's silent pleading. I dragged them by the ears to stand before Alpha Hakon, who stared at us, stunned I don't even know how they could walk when they're several heads taller than me, but if I had to haul them, I would. Besides, they were more worried about covering their private parts. Since when were they so modest? I'd been lugging extra clothes around because they'd shift anywhere and then be left bare-assed without batting an eye.
"Apologize to the Alpha for this slight..." I let them go, pushing them forward. Their ears were red as tomatoes, well-pinched, with several patches of fur smoking and half-shifted. "We're sorry for fighting in your pack, this... was just a misunderstanding, father-in-law..." I hear Magnus apologize, because he's always the sensible one, but when he gets to the "father-in-law" part, my jaw just about hits the floor. ---- "Wait... what do you mean father-in-law?" I shove Fenrir aside and grab Magnus by the arm. My fingers barely close around that thick muscle.
"Selenia Queen, your sons are my twins' mates," Alpha Hakon answers, his look turning severe as he stares them down. What drama have my two little disasters gotten into now? "You found your companions? But you came here for the rebels I stare, dumbfounded, at my sons, who nod with their heads down and their bare asses facing the rest of the pack. "I think... it's better to talk in private and with clothes on," says the Centuria Beta, that big redhead, as she comes closer.
Two pretty she-wolves come half-hidden behind her; I haven't had the chance to know them much, but I know they're her daughters. "Are they the ones?" "Yes, Mom, my mate is the one with the platinum hair and, as you can understand, she's not thrilled that I'm showing... the goods," Magnus answers, coughing, uncomfortable. "And I'm sure your father-in-law didn't like you wrecking his ---- pack," I look at him, raising a brow and putting a stop to his smart mouth. The strangest thing was that Fenrir hadn't dropped one of his masterpieces.
When I look at him, I see he's just staring fixedly at the red- haired girl who keeps dodging his gaze. Smells like a real soap opera brewing here. Fenrir was allergic to commitment, but his face right now tells me something else. In the end I decided to take pity on them, and I was already taking off my cloak so they could cover up when a nearby presence made my body vibrate from head to toe. My mate was close. "Care to tell me why you're showing the family jewels in front of everyone?" Aldric's rough voice rumbled at my back.
I turned to see him in leather armor, all weathered and full of battle marks. Inside, I let out a sigh of relief at seeing my redhead safe. His gray eyes immediately lock on mine with intensity. "My love, I'm back and I missed you so much. Did you come to meet me?" His husky voice in my mind is the most intimate ---- caress. His steady steps come toward me, followed by Alpha Cedrick, who goes to join his female. "That was the idea, but we've got an issue to resolve, Aldric...
your sons made a mess here and, on top of that, found their mates." I tell him with a worried sigh, thinking he'd be secretly sad that we might also lose Fenrir and Magnus. But I don't even know why I'm surprised by his response and the big grin spreading across his face. "Don't tell me I can finally get rid of those two clingy boys with chronic mommy-itis! Tell me who the unlucky ones were!" "ALDRIC!" I scold him for his insensitive words... said out loud!
"My pups are the unlucky ones, and I'm already thinking about how to send your troublesome sons right back to you, Lycan King." Hakon's words come out sharp, and I start fearing I'l really end up with two bachelors at home... forever.
###Chapter 1568
---- 324. YOU'D BETTER BE READY NARRATOR Aldric had a feeling his woman would make him sleep on the couch tonight after hauling his sons by the head. "Don't tell me they're your beautiful twins," the Lycan King didn't even dare look into his female's accusing eyes. "Well, my two brave warriors sure got lucky." He stepped in and slapped the twins' shoulders so hard they had to grit their teeth and bite their tongues. "Get ready for when we're alone." Their father's words didn't bode well, though honestly he wasn't half as scary as their angry mother.
"So, brave warriors-weren't they the disasters you wanted to get rid of?" Hakon's brow arched a little higher. "Come on, what do you think? These are my pups, and I promise I trained them well. They'll guard your girls to the death," Aldric started laying it on thick-anything to shake off these two big babies still glued to their Selenia. "If it hadn't been for Queen Valeria, I think I'd have handed them ---- back gift-wrapped with a kick in the butt, straight back to your realm." "Hey, not like that-my boys are very good," Valeria had already forgotten her anger and went to defend them.
She took her sons by the arm and covered them with a black mist that conjured dark clothes out of nowhere. "Mom... you could've done this from the start." Valeria huffed without answering, watching how they sorted this out. Magnus ground his teeth, giving his mate a sidelong look. He felt so ashamed, mostly for giving in to his violent instinct and wrecking several trees and houses. Hannah was shooting death glares at a few curious she-wolves, who immediately tore their eyes away from her man's body. A satisfied smile curled Magnus's lips.
"And you still feel like smiling, you bastard?" Aldric almost smacked Magnus, who quickly disguised his exchange with Hannah. "Dad, it was... an accident." ---- "Accident was that crazy night I had with your mother, and nine months later you two were born," he rumbled low, sliding a hand around Valeria's waist and pulling her close. "I was headed straight to a date with her and you ruined everything... and what the hell's gotten into Fenrir?" Aldric also noticed the unusually serious look on his other son's face and the glances he kept throwing at the redhead behind the Beta Centuria.
Things didn't look simple and, much as they annoyed him, deep down Aldric loved his mischievous wolves too. He wanted to see them happy "Your Majesties, can we parents talk? I think we need to go over a few things," Anastasia said at last. "I'll handle organizing things here," Cedrick, the Alpha King, offered "Yes, yes, go handle your family business-we'll clean up the mess," Raven chimed in. "No-they'll clean it," Valeria narrowed her eyes at her lycans with a dangerous gleam. She adored them like crazy, but there were brattinesses she ---- wouldn't let slide.
"Everything back the way it was, right, Fenrir?... Fenrir..." Magnus called him, because his brother was off in the clouds. "Huh? Sure... I'm really sorry too..." He looked at his possible in- laws. His face was so downcast it even made Anastasia feel a little sorry for him. "Girls, help them here!" she eased things a bit, despite Hakon's reluctant look. "My queen, come with King Cedrick, please, and we'll all talk together," Anastasia asked the Centuria Alpha.
In the end the six of them had an "adults" chat with drinks and some snacks, while Magnus happily went to take the broom from his white-haired woman's hands. "I didn't think I'd like this punishment so much," he bent to whisper in her ear; he was dying to be alone with her. "Shameless, I'm mad because you didn't care about shifting into a lycan knowing there wouldn't be clothes after," Hannah lifted her chin and turned her back with haughty flair. Magnus's hungry eyes dropped to that huge ass that made his mouth water.
---- He fantasized about his hands on each cheek, squeezing them filthily, sinking his teeth into all that delicious flesh. "Magnus... I can feel your desire," Hannah whispered seductively. Magnus edged closer, not so subtly rubbing his bulging fly against her dress. "Shh, baby, let's clean this up fast and sneak off before your dad shows up... I need to... fuck, I can't stop thinking about riding you again and coming inside you," he growled in her mind, heating her ear, his tongue licking the flushed shell He subtly cornered her, half hidden behind one of the trees still standing.
Hannah panted hard, but resisted the teasing. She spun around and took a step back. "No bite until the wedding, sorry... but I promised my dad." "What?" Magnus almost cried... or rather, his dick was the one about to sob. "You heard me, so put the little bird away, my love. That way on the wedding night you'll jump me with even more hunger." She even had the nerve to wink as she stepped away a bit, ---- sashaying those deadly hips. "On the wedding night, I'll probably devour you whole... literally." The wolf's eyes narrowed with a raw hunger for wild, passionate sex.
"Even if my dick snaps from being hard, I'll hold out as long as it takes for you, baby-but that night... you'd better be ready, Hannah."
###Chapter 1569
---- 325. STEALING MY SELENIA NARRATOR The winter woman shivered from head to toe with anticipation. It was silly to deny herself the pleasure of being with her mate if she was already marked. Especially when she wanted him just as much. But then her eyes drifted to the solitary figure of her twin She was picking up some planks a few yards away. Although she'd said she was only doing it to punish him, she knew Abigail wasn't having a good time. She was doing it for her sister, so she wouldn't rub her happiness in her face while Abigail still hadn't sorted out her love life.
And speaking of the culprit, Hannah saw him subtly approach the redhead So much ground to cover, yet he went to pick up the lumber right at her side. "They'll work it out, my love." ---- A strong hand slid around the winter woman's waist. "... Fenrir may seem like a half-dumb lunatic, but you can't imagine how much he can surprise you. He's more skilled and smarter than you think. He'll win Abigail's heart back." Magnus assured her, and Hannah hoped that would truly end well. ereeed For her part, Abigail's brow furrowed deeper and deeper.
Every time she remembered those women's lecherous looks at her man's perfect ass, she almost wanted to run over and tear them apart. Hannah felt safer because she was marked, but she... She herself had left him out on the meat market. So wrapped up in her tangle of emotions, she didn't feel the sharp nail until it sliced her fingertip. "Shh!" Abigail hissed in pain, straightening up. Before she could put the finger in her mouth, a warm hand took hers. Without thinking twice, Fenrir saw the bead of blood and brought ---- it to his lips.
His tongue curled, licking the cut and healing it Abigail's legs trembled at the brazen tease. "No... it wasn't necessary..." She struggled to get her hand back, but Fenrir held on. His huge shadow loomed over Abigail, dominating her with his presence. "Iwas very necessary; I wouldn't let anyone else heal you. Abigail." Fenrir paused, looking her straight in the eyes. He ordered his thoughts and, for a change, tried to filter every word "Honey, I know I messed up. You can't imagine how much I wish I could turn back time," he confessed with all the honesty he felt.
"Please believe me, baby, this isn't some whim, and it's not just the bond's chemistry.. I like you, like no one ever has." He guided her hand to his chest, where his heart beat steadily "Your prickly, proud, charming way, so sexy and bossy... I love it." Abigail held back the smile tugging at her mouth. No one had ever told her they liked her life-or-death, war- ---- commander orders. "If we hadn't run into each other by chance..." "But we did," Fenrir cut in, leaning in to whisper. ".. And I thank the Goddess for saving me from my own stupidity. I know I failed you, but, Abigail...
'm not going to give The Beta nearly went up in flames with desire, barely keeping her she-wolves in check. Those were the words she'd wanted to hear, the ones that drove her crazy. "You're my female. I won't hand you over to anyone else, no matter how much you punish me... you belong to me," he told her possessively, his wolf howling at the surface. Her pupils narrowed, full of determination. "We'll see if the thrill of something new doesn''t fade fast." Abigail pulled her hand back so he wouldn't feel the tremors in her body and turned away. But Fenrir saw it... the hesitation in her.
She was giving in; he knew she just wanted to test him, to teach him a lesson. He could smell the desire in Abigail, the call of her soul. ---- If there was one thing no one could beat him at, it was being a limpet that latched on and never let go Aldric would be right; in the end, his female would be his alone. Because now his two sons were buzzing around like flies after their favorite snow-and-fire treats. coon Another one who wasted no time the moment he got back-and had the pleasant surprise of finding his female-was Prince Aidan.
Amid the grown-ups' commotion, he took Nyx's hand and spirited her away in silence. He had his private cabin in the swamp; it had always been his little hideout whenever he visited his aunt Anastasia, and now it had become their love nest. He filled the tub with steaming water and, after a good plunge in the river, sank in with his little female sitting on his body. Having Nyx naked on top of him was pure glory.
###Chapter 1570
---- 326. PLEASURE GAMES NARRATOR Aidan grabbed her short hair and stroked her nape, tilting her mouth into a deep kiss. Panting into each other's throats, where lewd sounds got lost. His tongue fucked her between her teeth and tangled with hers; their lips moved in a delicious, erotic rhythm. Aidan's hands slid down her delicate back; her soft breasts brushed his hard pecs. Her erect nipples swayed, rubbing and teasing. The wolf's fingers dug into her hips and made her move on him. His cock was rock-hard, and he desperately needed that hot little pussy to ride him and make him come.
Water began to splash and ripple when Aidan started rocking her faster and faster, grinding their genitals together. "hh, baby, I need you now... fuck, right now..." He slid his fingers into the tight slit under the water, testing how wet and ready she was for him. His cock, controlled in his other hand, was about to push the ---- head into that delicious pussy. "My love, arch just a little... shh, baby, I'm going to fuck you so good..." "Wait... Aidan, wait..." Nyx stopped him, her face flushed. She always looked at him with those eyes that kept a touch of innocence mixed with sin.
"What is it?" "Let's... let's go to the bed instead..." she said, starting to get up. "Hold on, Nyx... why?" Aidan felt something was off. He caught her by the waist and sat her back down on the rigid spear now resting against his abdomen. "Look at me, baby, what happened?" "I... well, I think it's better when you're on top," she stammered, avoiding his gaze. "Why? I want you to ride me... I love watching you move on me... Aidan took her by the chin, making her look at him: Nyx swallowed, but she couldn't avoid him.
"I feel like you get more turned on when you're the one on top; besides, I'm still a little clumsy... I don't have the experience..." ---- "I don't want you to have more experience; you know how crazy it makes me that you've only made love with me," he confessed, and it was the pure truth. They'd already been through several embarrassing, even life-or- death situations, with his dick at risk between the Selenia's teeth. But Aidan wouldn't trade a single second of it for anything. Suddenly, a possibility crossed his mind... a very dark secret of Nyx's he suspected. He had to check.
"Let's go to the bedroom," he said, catching her off guard as he stood with her on top of him, lifting her by the ass. Nyx clung to his neck and wrapped her legs around his waist. Her mouth went to kiss his neck. She felt uneasy-what if Aidan thought she'd lost interest? "Love, wait, we'll do it however you want, I... I want to please you, * she grew more nervous when he set her at the foot of the bed. Her feet sank into the plush rug. "Of course you're going to please me... you always do, my love," Aidan's voice turned dangerous and dominant.
---- A sheet of ice had already covered the windows and even the door. He wasn't allowing interruptions, not today. He lay back on the huge bed, completely naked and damp from the bath. Droplets of water slid over his chiseled muscles. His platinum hair shone like snow, and those intense blue eyes captivated her. His broad back rested comfortably against the fur-padded headboard. Nyx's core throbbed with need, with lust coursing through her body. Goddess, she loved this man; she wanted him in a way that she'd do anything for him.
"Come here..." Aidan ordered, spreading his legs and bending his knees. His rough hand closed around the thick length standing erect, heavy veins running the whole shaft to the tip. Beads of precum slid from the slit, slick and perfect to lick up ---- and suck until she gagged. Hypnotized, Nyx leaned over the bed to get closer to him, salivating and licking her lips. "On all fours, crawl over and suck me... didn't you tell me you felt more comfortable in that position?" Aidan directed her every move. Just like he'd taught her all the pleasures of making love.
Nyx crawled like a she-wolf in heat and lowered her head to inhale him deeply. Her greedy tongue gave gentle licks to the puckered seam of his tight balls, loaded with desire she'd soon release. With eyes half-closed, she savored the intense musky taste of her man's desire. She drew the heavy sacs between her lips, feeling them tremble under her caresses, then moved up to the base of the mast. "Take it with your hand," Aidan ordered, and Nyx braced on her elbows as one hand wrapped around his cock.
She licked the veins and cleared the precum, but it kept spilling, thicker each time-a sign her male was loving their erotic game. ---- "Shh... suck the head hard... mmnnn... push the tip of your tongue in just how you know I like... ah, fuck, baby... yes, yes, shh... how hot that sweet little mouth of yours is." Aidan's filthy words spilled out unchecked. Nyx focused on circling his glans with her tongue. Her lips made obscene sounds every time she sucked the head and popped off.
Saliva mixed with the prince's love juice, and when Nyx took him deep between her lips and worked her cheeks with lust, he let out a low growl of pure pleasure.
###Chapter 1571
---- 327. MY THREE HUSBANDS NARRATOR Aidan sank his calloused fingers into her soft hair, so black against her porcelain skin. He fought not to thrust up and drive his cock deep into her tight throat. "Ah, fuck, baby... you've learned to suck me so well..." he panted, giving a few thrusts. Nyx stroked the base while taking the rest; he was too big for her, but she loved driving him crazy and hearing him moan her name with such need. Aidan's wolfish eyes took in her spread legs and raised ass. Completely exposed to be touched, too.
A blue flash lit his gaze and his perverted wolf's magic surfaced Theo took on his likeness and leaned in behind unsuspecting Nyx. "Aaggr..." Her moan vibrated around his cock, buried past her uvula. Her whole body shuddered as her cheeks were parted and a ---- long tongue ran over her little slit, dripping like a leaky faucet. Those cool licks did little to quench her heat, and even less when they went from flicking her clit and melting into her pussy to licking the puckered ring behind her perineum. Aidan watched every change in Nyx.
Her mouth moved faster on its own; her heavy breaths hit his abdomen each time she devoured his cock with such passion. Her mating scent grew stronger while Theo licked her with her ass spread wide and her back door teased. "Stretch her open." Aidan's eyes met those of his animal side. His other wolf howled, writhing in lust, impatient for his turn. They were all burning up, but those increasingly delicious sucks from that greedy mouth had him with cum beading at the tip.
"Come here, my passionate Selenia, I'm going to show you how much I love it when you ride me." His words came out strangled as he yanked Nyx by the hair, full of possessiveness. With a filthy little pop, he watched his spit-slick, flushed-red cock slide free of those plush lips. ---- Aidan hauled her onto him like a desperate savage, opening her over his length and seating her to drive into those slippery folds. Nyx's excited cry shook the icy walls; golden magic danced in the air and flared in those beautiful eyes.
Aidan gripped the back of her neck, his other hand clamping her hip to control her. "Grind on your male... you've got five minutes to milk me dry..." The order dropped raw, growled in her ear like a beast. Nyx didn't disappoint-she never did. That flexible, still-tender body began to ride him; her thighs pumped up and down, making that huge cock plunge in and out between her parted lips. Theo had a rear view that was driving him crazy, but he was waiting for his moment. Nyx's back bowed in such an erotic arch. Her waist twisted again and again. Her ass fell, bouncing heavier, faster.
Sweat beaded from her hair, running down her spine. She moaned and trembled, clinging to Aidan's shoulders while ---- he kissed her senseless. Her breasts were sucked and nipped by that wolf in heat Her male whispered every obscenity he wanted to do to her... except the one Nyx was so desperately waiting for. Aidan thrust upward, meeting his woman's downward drops. The filthy "pa, pa, pa' of it grew more intense and urgent, until his balls jerked in sweet spasms that had him growling loud. "Shh... ahh, fuck, yes...
I'm coming." He threw his head back and shut his eyes, burying himself to the hilt in the maddening heat of her. His claws pushed Nyx's hips down. He filled her so much that his seed spilled from her parted vulva and ran down the insides of her thighs. Aidan's fangs slid out with his roar of release, but one thing was crystal clear... Nyx was on the brink. Her pussy worked, about to come, but she wasn't tipping over. She needed something more, and Aidan knew exactly what it was. They themselves had corrupted her to that point.
---- The Selenia was panting, the intense tingling between her legs making her squirm She dropped her hand, thinking maybe if she rubbed her clit a little more she'd get where she wanted, but her sneaky hand was caught in a firm grip. "No one said we're done here, and definitely not that you can touch yourself without my permission." The prince's hand closed possessively around her neck. Nyx was about to beg, but before she could speak, a tiny cry slipped out when her hips were seized and her body dragged backward.
She toppled forward onto the mattress, feeling Aidan's semi- hard cock slip from her tight channel, leaving a creamy trail that overflowed from her pussy and dripped onto the bed. She didn't even have time to wipe the cum before she felt a cool cockhead sliding through the white cream. "Wait... Theo... ahah..." Nyx cried, and although she said "wait," she didn't sound very angry when the other "Aidan" started taking her on all fours
###Chapter 1572
---- 328.DYING OF LUST NARRATOR Nyx clutched the sheets while her body shook with passionate thrusts. A robust chest pressed possessively to her back. "Nyx... [love you, little one... ahhh... I love my female... mmm." Theo was tender passion, Aidan perversion with love, and Vlad savagery with a plush tenderness. They all drove her crazy in ways that plucked every single string inher. But this time, there was one string left to play. Aidan's cock started pumping blood again and stood rock-hard.
How could it not, watching the scene of his magic wearing his own shape and fucking the pussy where he'd just cum like a savage. Nyx's lust-twisted face was a visual orgasm. She had slid her hand under her body and, from the rhythmic motion, Aidan knew perfectly well she was rubbing her clit while Theo snorted against her and worked her vulva deep. ---- A lewd smile hovered on the winter prince's lips. His eyes met Theo's again. "Do it already, for fuck's sake-I want to knot her!" Vlad, his inner wolf, roared impatiently. Aidan pushed up and stalked toward her like a predator.
Nyx was about to cross the threshold-almost, almost-when she was handled again between those two mountains of muscle. A frozen hand at her neck made her sit up on her knees. Theo's tireless shaft slid from her vagina as he turned her face to face. "Theo... what?... you want it like this, face-to-face?" Nyx's voice came out hoarse from moaning, loaded with pent-up desire. She clung to his neck and went to kiss the little wolf's lips. It was like being with Aidan again. Their magics danced in the air, completely mingled Both on their knees.
Nyx spread her legs wide and felt the hard shaft slide in from below. ---- "Shh... aah." She bent her knees and tipped her ass up to take him deeper. Her own pussy was a sinful sight, her juices mixed with Aidan's thick, viscous release. Theo kissed her passionately as his hips moved in a smooth rhythm, impaling her so deliciously. Nyx melted against his chest Theo had learned far too well how to please her. She thought of Aidan-how she wanted him to touch her from behind-and he... finally gave her what she was waiting for.
When that hand slid between her cheeks and began to circle her back hole, Nyx's whole body trembled with anticipation. She wanted to scream: yes, yes, put it in, give me everything... everywhere... "Ahhhh!" She opened her mouth to the ceiling when Aidan pushed a finger into her. A cock in front and a finger behind. Nyx started moving on her own between them. Hanging on to Theo, biting his neck, licking his jaw, breathing heavier and heavier.
---- In a heartbeat her hair was caught in that firm hand and snapped back hard against a set of solid pecs, "Why weren't you honest from the start, my female?" Aidan's voice violated her ear like an aphrodisiac. The stimulation hadn't stopped under the Selenia's body; she was breathing like there was no oxygen in the room. "1... I don't know... what..." "Don't you dare lie to me, Nyx..." "Abh!" Her voice vibrated with pleasure as another finger speared her. She was so wet-so many fluids down there-that dilation wasn't an issue.
"We've been fucking you for almost an hour and you haven't come... maybe there's one place left to fill... this place?" Aidan pushed even deeper, pulled out and pushed in like he did with her pussy, relaxing the tight ring of muscle "My male, please..." was all Nyx could beg between gasps. "Please what..." "Aidan..." She wouldn't say it; it was too embarrassing, too dark... ---- too perverted. "My love, you can say anything with me." Aidan kissed her sweat- soaked temple. "Nyx, whatever you want, we'll give it to you-no taboos. Only your pleasure matters, my female...
only your pleasure." He pulled his fingers out and took his cock, sliding it between her slick cheeks. Theo kept pleasing her pussy, and soon a tingling sensation- part sting, part intoxicating pleasure-started to open its way into her ass. Nyx's throat ripped in a roar of pure lust when Aidan speared her to the hilt. On her own she began taking them both, the two of them alternating as they penetrated her two horny holes. She kissed the man at her back and then the one in front, drank from their lips, licked and bit.
Wedged between two muscular males who were making love to her exactly how she wanted. They sweated and panted, kneeling as their bodies twined in erotic curves, caressing every inch of skin. Theo sucked the Selenia's breasts; her neck was marked by her ---- Alpha Vlad's fangs. She moaned faster and faster, bouncing on the squeaking bed. Below, two thick cocks were indulging her, plunging to the depths of her being. The Selenia's eyes rolled white as the spasms of ecstasy seized her. Nyx could die right now, and she'd do it with a damn horny smile on her face.
###Chapter 1573
---- 329, EVERY SECOND OF MY LIFE... NARRATOR She couldn't take it anymore, and when Aidan's finger went to toy with her clit without mercy, stars danced before her eyes. She thought she might collapse from pure bliss. "Mmmnn... who would've thought the innocent jewel of the Selenia realm had such a dark, lewd kink?" Aidan's voice growled in her ear again. "Shh... baby, admit you love it when I fuck this delicious tight hole of yours..." Her tightness had his hose primed to blow again. "Aidan, Theo, faster... more... ahhh, yes, yes, my love, so good.. shh, I can't take it...
I'm coming, I'm coming...!" Nyx screamed, lost in carnal pleasure. "Cum inside me... mmn... Aidan, fill me up completely... ahh, yes, my male, yes... Vlad... ahhh..." She let everything go in her moment of climax. She clutched Theo's shoulders and kissed his mouth, drunk on lust, as she spilled into a powerful orgasm that wrung them both ---- out. Her nape was bitten hard by Vlad's fangs, amid savage growls and a good spray of cum at her back door. Theo almost pushed his icy balls into her tight vaginal channel, feeling the pleasure of the orgasm in Aidan's mind.
The three of them tangled together, with sounds that would scandalize even the most depraved. No one was going to judge them here; they'd do whatever their bodies asked. They would always please her. They'd molded her for their enjoyment with their lewd games. And Nyx was simply perfect for driving them completely and irredeemably crazy. They fell in a heap on the bed, still inside her, tucked between 'the two of them, in her ideal refuge. Aidan slid out of her slowly and squeezed the base of his cock, annoyed. It hurt a little, damn it.
His knot fought to swell, but doing that through her back door ---- would only hurt Nyx. "What is it... does it hurt?" she turned between them with that drowsy, satisfied look. Her lips were swollen from kissing, her skin marked by their hands and kisses, by their love bites and reckless passion. If it were up to them, they'd keep her like this all the time, hidden away in their world of magic. "Someone's grumpy and left wanting." Aidan kissed her nose while Theo licked the fresh bite at her nape. "Baby, when are you going to play with me?" Viad's aggrieved voice huffed in his mind.
Nyx gave him a beautiful smile. "Monn... you've made a mess; how about we take a bath?" she whispered, kissing Aidan's chin and tucking into his neck. Aidan smiled, in love to the bone with every facet of his woman- the shy one, the demure one, the restrained one, and above all the perverse one who asked him for anal sex with orgasm included "Yes, that tub is really big..." he heard the two of them talking in his head. ---- His perverted wolf was about to take advantage. "But, darling... two wolves won't fit in there," he added casually.
Nyx's ear went tomato-red, and Theo nibbled it a little, jealous that she was about to indulge that miser. "My she-wolf form is small; it doesn't take up much..." "It won't fit, baby; I can't savor you properly like that," Vlad said, unyielding. "One huge wolf and his little prey is more than enough right?" Nyx said nothing, but her silence said it all. They were about to set that bath on fire. "I fit too," Theo started to protest. "No one invited you. You already had your share today. I'm not letting you out of Aidan!" "You can't please her on both ends." "Who told you I can't?
I don't need you!" Nyx was being parceled out in little pieces, every inch of her body coveted by those three perverts. Best of all, she loved the primitive, feral way they worshiped her. ---- Waiting for Aidan had been worth it, and although the bitterness of buried memories sometimes ached deep in her heart, his unconditional love was healing every wound. "My beloved Winter prince... every second of my life, I'm going to devote to loving you."
###Chapter 1574
---- 330. THE FESTIVAL OF CONQUEST NARRATOR Even with the negotiations and no matter how much the adults agreed, if the bride didn't want it... Fenrir was royally screwed, and not in the good way. Valeria almost wanted to punish him for real when she heard what he'd done. But seeing his spirits sunk and so sad, she even felt sorry for him. "Raven, I have to do something, poor thing. Please, help me talk to that girl alone..." She took the Centuria Alpha's hands. Both of them were in the tiny sitting room of the swamp cabin. "Abigail is very sweet, but she's pretty hard-headed.
Let's see if Anastasia can convince her first..." Raven answered with a sigh. "She's not going to give in that easily." A woman's voice at the doorway made them turn. Hannah's cheeks flushed red at being the center of attention. She saw Raven like an aunt, her Alpha and family, but now she also stood in front of her mother-in-law, and the Selenia was ---- pretty intimidating Even so, Valeria's sharp gaze softened when she saw her. "I thought that son of mine would finally come introduce his mate to me properly." Valeria stepped closer to the winter woman, who was taller than her.
But the power pouring from every pore of the Selenia's body was overwhelming. "H-He's on his way, but he was checking on Fenrir. I came ahead, "Hannah went stiff as a dead frog when Valeria took her hands. "Easy, little one, don't be afraid. Do I look like a nightmare mother -in-law to you?" The queen joked a bit because she felt the tremble in Hannah's fingers. She liked her right away, seeing her up close and confirming that, yes, Hannah seemed like a good woman. "No... you're... incredible, like my Centuria Queen," Hannah confessed the plain truth and then turned even redder.
"Look at this pup learning how to flatter her elders!" Raven and Valeria laughed a little more at her shyness "Come on, sit with us and please help us, because we're lost," Valeria immediately drafted her in as an accomplice. ---- "Well, actually, I thought of something..." Hannah admitted. She and her mother had talked it over. They'd cook up a plan to get those two blockheads together, or their wedding would be set for "Octember." "We're all ears..." Valeria looked at her with interest and hope.
'eho Fenrir was practically hopping on one foot from excitement Turns out there was a festival of conquest tonight, or something like that. Anyway, swamp things, and now he felt like part of the local flora and fauna! Plus, there were prizes, and one of them was his beloved mate! He could win a few hours with her and be rewarded if he made it to the end of that crazy, wild obstacle race. Piece of cake for him, even if they didn't allow shifting to his animal form. With alcohol in the barrels and hot stew bubbling in the pots, the 'swamp pack was ready to party.
###Chapter 1575
---- Who would've said this out-of-the-way corner of the Realm would become a place where so many wild, incredible things happened? Hakon had even received requests from new members when he'd thought his pack would die out for lack of people. "Son... we're counting on you." Aldric clapped Fenrir on the shoulder like he was sending him into a death match. "I won't let you down, Father,' Fenrir answered, eyes blazing, then went to kiss his mother's forehead. "Fenrir... you know I'd never leave you stranded, right?" Valeria whispered in his ear when she hugged him, then winked. "Thanks, Mommy.
I'll be introducing your daughter-in-law soon," he replied, suspecting his mother had something up her sleeve. She had, but Valeria didn't give him any details. Fenrir leaned in to kiss her cheek again, but a hand grabbed his shoulder and shoved him away. "How about you stop getting your slobber on my woman and go find your own," Aldric said gruffly. He hated another male's scent on Valeria- even their sons', who weren't babies anymore. ---- Fenrir snorted, not paying much attention, and Valeria rolled her eyes.
"I'm going to go take a look at my prize and soften her up..." The redheaded lycan strode off toward where the females were getting ready. Aldric, for his part, tugged down his sleeve and gently wiped Valeria's cheek. "Seriously, honey?" she sighed, covered by the enormous shadow that was always at her side. "Very serious. You can only smell like me." Aldric leaned in and captured her lower lip, slow and erotic. A suggestive sound slipped out from the rich suck that was sending Valeria's hormones spinning. "aldric... we're in public," she panted, clutching his muscular chest.
"I'm covering you; they can't see. I'd never let anyone see that sexy look you get when your panties are getting wet." The tip of his tongue traced that mouth he would never get tired of worshipping. ---- Aldric was desperate to be alone with her, with no kids' problems or family drama. "Once we're out of this last sticky mess, the weddings, and the Mother of the Goddess, please tell me you'll go away with me on a trip, just the two of us." He proposed what he'd had in mind for a long time. Head tilted up, Valeria met those gray eyes, seductive and wild, that had conquered her.
Time didn't seem to have passed for Aldric. His surly, cold nature had grown younger and more expressive, like he'd been before calamity crashed through his life. Their mutual love and their family had healed both their wounds. Valeria slid her hands up and laced them behind his strong neck, standing on tiptoe, sheltered by the shadows. "Ill go with you anywhere, whenever you want, and to the ends of the earth if needed," the Selenia queen whispered against those sexy lips. Aldric's heart flipped in love, just like the first day.
His wolf, Azarot, glinted in his eyes, watching the female he ---- prized most. Aldric kissed her again, struggling not to kidnap her right now and go do crazy things between her legs. "You'd better reinforce that spell you cast so you don't get pregnant because, baby... I'm going to fill you up like an extra- large cream-filled bun." "How poetic you've become." A smile tugged at the corner of Valeria's mouth at her man's nonsense. "Didn't you say you wanted triplets?" "What?! Three more lycans glued to you? No, no- I surrender! Don't tell Silas, but I admit defeat.
The puppy factory is closed!" The Lycan King didn't want to share his Selenia anymore. From now on, it would just be them. Both of them smiled in complicity, with little pink hearts floating in the air. In the end, Aldric stood behind her, settling her back comfortably against his chest. "Okay, do you think it'll work?" he asked, watching the square lit by torchfire."
###Chapter 1576
---- 331. THE CHASE BEGINS NARRATOR "I hope so. That this time, Fenrir takes advantage of the opportunity we all set up for him." Valeria sighed, letting those huge, comforting hands caress her belly. In her heart, she was a little worried too. Fenrir was the only one left. One way or another, each of the others had found their own happiness and was living it with their mate. She'd thought Laziel would be the one to give her the biggest headaches, and look how sharp that grandson tured out.
Aldric narrowed his eyes, a little mockery inside them, He saw Magnus in a dark corer trying to feel up his big woman, and Fenrir looked like a puppy with his tail down behind his redhead. "One so ahead of the curve and the other an idiot. Who did that son of mine take after?" Valeria's mouth curved into a smile where Aldric couldn't see it. ---- Said the man who took his sweet time to accept her as his mate and speak clearly about his feelings. Not to mention her own mistakes. It seemed Fenrir had inherited all their communication problems. She only hoped that today...
her pup could tell the truth again... nothing but the truth. soe "I'm going to fight to be first and ask for a few hours with you, little one. Just a quiet date, Abiga... just to talk and get to know each other." That's what Fenrir told her under the makeshift wooden platform. Abigail kept staring at him, but didn't answer until, all of a sudden, a sturdy swamp woman with black hair stepped right between their ambiguous looks.
"If she doesn't want you, just know there are more options available." She waggled her eyebrows playfully, thrusting her big boobs up "Lorena, stop being so shameless and get out of the way!" Abigail shouted, insulted. ---- "Hey, Abiga, you're like that dog that won't eat or let anyone else eat!" She turned with her hands on her wide hips and the long braid hanging down her back. On top of that, she stuck her butt out a bit toward Fenrir to tempt him. "Didn't you say you liked Dago? Look, he's right there making eyes at you and he's going to compete!" Abigail pointed to a blond-haired male.
"That was before, darling, but new, top-shelf merchandise just arrived..." Lorena turned to give Fenrir another lusty once-over from head to toe. Every hair on the lycan's body stood on end from the heebie- jeebies. "I'm better off going to compete," he muttered, wanting to escape and leave the fight behind. But Abigail's attitude gave him hope and pumped him up like a mad rooster to win that suicidal race through the whole swamp, no matter what. erred "GET TO THE STARTING LINE, AND IF A CROCODILE EATS YOU .? WE'LL PRAY FOR TWO DAYS AND THEN FORGET YOU EVER
###Chapter 1577
---- EXISTED!" Alpha Hakon's booming voice rang out from high on a branch. His threatening eyes locked specifically on Fenrir. It almost felt like a message meant for him. But the prince was focused on his own thing. And above all, pissed, because he'd seen his twin sneaking kisses with his mate while he was about to go get his ass soaked in those muddy waters, thanks to his big mouth. "ON YOUR MARKS...!" "Pup, remember that Mom will always be with you," Valeria's voice slipped into his thoughts before the final call.
"Go!" Hakon shouted, and like the other ten participants, they each sprinted toward the outside of the palisade. The first test was to snag, on one of the banks, any of the five boats available. Fenrir didn't really get what his mother meant... only that he started running at full speed. He didn't know the swamp like those warriors did, didn't have ---- their advantages, but he was a lycan and had superior genes. In the run, his ears sharpened, soon swallowed by a cold mist and the darkness of the giant trees. You could barely see, even with his enhanced vision.
"I hear something rocking on the water!" Gale warned him, and Fenrir moved that way. Soon he hit the right shore, and there were only two boats and two guys passed out. Looked like they'd fought each other. They were getting ahead of him. These men knew shortcuts and swamp tricks he didn't. The worst part was what he found when he reached the boats. One had been punctured and was already sinking, and the other... "Fuck, that's disgusting...
and I'll bet anything they're venomous." They both stared at the snakes coiling in the bottom They made his scalp tingle, seeing all those bodies writhing over one another. The shiny bands meant they were poisonous. ---- "Look, he's not far!" The sound of oars and the shape of a skiff fading into the fog revealed the saboteur had just taken off. Plus, footsteps were coming from the forest. "If he didn't get himself poisoned and dumped them in here, then I'm giving them back to him." Fenrir was a man of quick decisions, and not just the kind that landed him in trouble.
He grabbed two oars left on the bank and jumped into the boat. The chase was on.
###Chapter 1578
---- 332. WATCH OUT FOR THE LITTLE ORANGE ONE! NARRATOR His boots crunched, crushing lots of his new friends, and warning hisses sounded everywhere. While he set the boat in motion, standing, steady, pushing off the muddy bottom with the oars-he felt movement against the leather. His tall boots helped a lot and blocked most of the attacks, but a few bolder ones jumped to bite him above the pants. Fenrir didn't stop the chase. His strong biceps bulged with the vigorous strokes of the oars. He looked like a psycho stalker out for revenge. And the worst part was what he planned to do.
His wolf stirred his Selenic magic to counter the venoms trying to seep into his blood. All of a sudden, a sharp hiss sounded and one of the snakes sprang high, latching onto the upper thigh, way too close to his balls. Fenrir looked down at once, catching the flash of orange on the ---- reptile's body, black stripes rippling in the air. He let out a sigh of relief when he realized it missed. "Baby, this dick already has an owner; go find yourself another male." He pried it off as best he could, the damn thing was clamped on tight, then tossed it onto the pile.
"Gale, we better hurry or we're about to get the deadly blowjob..." Gale was left speechless. The stuff his counterpart came up with was unreal. The same thing the male ahead of them found out. He'd been sure he'd removed any chance of a pursuit. So he was way too shocked to hear the sound of a nearby boat. The fog and the dark night were so thick he couldn't see clearly. But suddenly a whistle sliced the air, and something cold smacked him in the face as he turned to look that way. PAF! The "projectile" hit his cheek and he ducked, stopping the oars, only to realize it was a live snake!
Its fangs had been drained of venom a moment ago, but it still ---- lunged at him in anger. He was immune to almost all these simple venoms anyway, being born in the swamp. But he hadn't counted on the rain of reptiles that fell on him! "What the hell is this?!" he roared, stunned. What kind of lunatic threw snakes like stones in the middle of a dark lagoon?! PAF! PAF! PAF!
They hit his face and neck, got tangled in his hair, slipped down his shirt, and if he opened his mouth too wide, he risked getting kissed." He made the huge mistake of freezing, not rowing, and that's when the worst predator caught up. By the time he registered the problem, it was already beside him. "It was you, lycan!" Dago's eyes met a pair that were red, lupine, and full of danger. Claws flashed out in a blur, seizing his shirt collar in a tight grip. "Since you like those critters so much, here, have them back, idiot!" Fenrir roared, hauling him up.
---- With a shout and a neat arc, the male's body flew through the air and splashed into the swamp's murky water. Fenrir didn't waste a second and leapt onto Dago's skiff, clearing it of every last stowaway. "Watch out for the little orange one with stripes... she likes to give oral!" He even had the nerve to shout that at the guy while stealing his boat and blasting off full speed, leaving him tangled in his own trap "Trying to pull tricks on me... survival was when my sister made us play with Laziel," Fenrir snorted, trying to see which way to go now.
Everything looked the same in this damned place. Weird sounds came from everywhere. The dark, stinking water bubbled, and it felt like evil eyes were staring up from the depths. It was hard to orient himself, and the swamp's intense smells made getting a clear trail even harder. But there was something Fenrir would recognize anywhere, because it tugged on his blood and his soul. ---- "In that direction, I feel Mom's magic!" his wolf gave him the best news yet. His sweet mother must've done something to help him win. So Fenrir plunged through the massive roots and the swamp's tangled forest.
He was heading straight for victory; one way or another, he would win, because walking off hand in hand with that big-titted brunette was not an option Now he loved redheads... HIS redhead. Once he had her in his arms again, he'd do worse to her than what the little orange striped one had wanted to do to him inside his pants. Rowing and rowing, his boots soon landed on the shore of another isolated island. No one was waiting, no trap seemed in sight. Everything was quiet... suspiciously quiet.
"Watch yourself, Fenrir, something's off here," his animal instinct warned him, and that almost never failed.
###Chapter 1579
---- 333, A LITTLE OLD LADY IN TROUBLE NARRATOR Fenrir moved in just a bit to watch the chaos unfolding in the middle of the island. Somehow, using their own tricks, two men had beaten him there. "What is that creature?" Gale frowned at the black hulk full of red eyes and vicious jaws. It looked like a massive reptile with obsidian scales, standing on its hind legs and baring a lethal row of teeth at those males. Fenrir hesitated for a moment about what to do; he hadn't been seen, and he could definitely take advantage.
"They're going to get crushed,' Gale murmured, watching how the two warriors fought hard against the predator. "I think I saw one of those in the fight... they called it a Drakmor or something... didn't Nyx make friends with a female?" The men's own shouts told him he wasn't wrong and yes, it was one of those creatures. "... What the hell is a Drakmor doing here?!" "... Weren't they supposed to have made peace with the ---- werewolves?!" He must be an exile..." The scraps of talk between attack and defense carried to his ears. Suddenly, things got real ugly.
"Careful, one's flying this way!" Gale roared, and in the middle of the night, a body crashed down with a thunderous thud near his hiding place. The warrior spat a little blood as he hit the ground that hard. "Fuck!" Fenrir burst out with his daggers in hand and his fangs bared. He wasn't the type to run from a fight, much less leave defenseless people behind, even if they were his rivals. So, under the moonlight and the swamp's mist, he leapt straight into danger. The open-mawed roar of that Drakmor made his eardrums quiver. He started dodging the swipes of its front claws.
One moment it advanced on all fours, the next it surprised you with quick moves powered by its hind thighs. ---- It was cunning, and with all those creepy eyes, it seemed to read his next steps. "Aagh, damn it!" Fenrir took a deep gash across his chest, but he rolled under the predator's heavy body and went straight for its tail. If he could climb onto its back somehow, that would be his edge. If things got out of hand, even though it was against the competition rules, he'd have to shift into his Lycan form.
But in the middle of his plans and the heat of the fight, his sharp hearing caught an old woman's cry for help. Then Fenrir realized that behind him was the mouth of a cave, and it looked like the beast's lair. It had a lady prisoner inside for a snack later, no doubt! "Guys, keep it busy for a second so we can save herl... guys?" With one knee on the ground and a dagger in hand, the Lycan prince looked around and realized he'd been abandoned. Not just him, but the poor old woman too, because he was sure those males had heard her ask for help as well. "Fucking bastards, sons of bitches!"
###Chapter 1580
---- He got so mad he charged head-on at the Drakmor, which was also storming toward him like a hurricane. His powerful daggers, forged with Selenic magic, flashed gold when they struck the monster's scaled snout. Sparks flew wild in the air, and hot blood splattered across Fenrir's brave face. It wasn't his, though. He'd managed to wound that mountain of muscle and fury, and it staggered back for an instant. The Lycan prince wasn't afraid of any fight, but despite his reckless, headstrong nature, he also kept his goals clear.
He couldn't waste time here, because those two cowards already had a solid lead. He ran, taking advantage of the Drakmor's erratic movements as it tried to lick its wound. Fenrir rushed into the dark cavern, where that lady's voice wouldn't stop screaming, The entrance was pretty narrow and the cave plunged deep. Suddenly, he reached the spot: a hole, and below, a flicker of a frantic shadow. ---- There was no time to lose; the clock was still ticking, and the beast's roars and pounding steps already echoed at the cave mouth.
"Grab my arm!" Fenrir leaned over the slick edge, digging his claws into the dirt to anchor himself. His hand stretched into the dark, where glints of reddish-white hair appeared in the half-light. Fenrir felt the wrinkled but steady hand clamp into his. "Im going to pull you up!" He was all set to hoist her when a cry came from the bottom of the pit. "Don't you go lifting me like a sack of potatoes, boy, these old bones come apart just from being looked at too hard!" Fenrir almost snorted as he pulled her up carefully. "Wow, the little old lady's got energy," Gale huffed too.
?I mean, ma'am, we've got a predator on our asses, we're behind schedule saving you, and now you're setting terms for the rescue.? All that flashed through the Lycan's mind, but he didn't dare say it. ---- He managed to set her down gently on the cold, damp ground. She was slender, her gray hair once a fiery red. Curiously, she held a worn walking stick, and while she patted dust off her dress, she gave him an intense up-and-down look. Fenrir felt the fire radiating from her. He was in the presence of a Centuria, and a powerful one. Then what was she doing locked up here?
He was about to ask when the ceiling started to vibrate and the floor to rumble. In the maze of passages, the Drakmor had found them. "Are you waiting for a formal invitation to get moving, boy?!" her bossy voice rose over the din. Fenrir looked at her again, then around them. There were other dark mouths, other passages, but he had no clue what dangers they led to. "Carry me, quick, I'll show you a shortcut I know!" Without wasting another second, he swung her onto his back. The little old lady slid the stick across the front of his neck, ---- almost choking him.
Fenrir felt like a saddled horse, but decided to escape first and complain later. Running into the dark, he plunged into the mountain's guts, into tunnels that nearly pushed past the swamp's edge. Who was this woman, and where was she taking him? ... Fenrir didn't suspect much about this "casual" encounter.
###Chapter 1581
---- 334, INNOCENT DECEPTION NARRATOR "Over there!" The lady guided him, pressing one side or the other with her cane. "Ma'am, I'm not your pack mule!" Fenrir roared in his head, but he didn't dare challenge her, not when she was steering them away from that vengeful creature. At times, the mountain shook so much Fenrir thought a cave-in was coming and they'd be trapped. A huge redhead was sprinting through the dark with a little old woman clinging to his back; it looked unreal, even a little comical. But the things that happened to Fenrir were enough to make your guts bust with laughter.
He didn't know how far he'd run until he saw moonlight at the end of a tunnel that opened into a dense forest. Gasping for fresh air and sweating like a pig fleeing the butcher, he bent to get the "weight" off his back. The lady's legs touched the damp grass strewn with fallen leaves. ---- "Hey, you're not careful at all, I almost lost my hair on those low ceilings!" she scolded, pointing at him with her cane and that judging stare. Fenrir couldn't believe all the scratches he'd taken to shield her from the jagged rock.
"I should've left you for the beast to eat, you bossy old hag!" he yelled in his mind. "I'm sorry, ma'am, for not being your perfect servant. I was a little .. rushed... and still am," he answered, trying to get his bearings. "Don't you answer me with that attitude, young man!" Fenrir felt danger closing in as the cane whistled through the air. He sprang back, narrowly avoiding the hit. "Come on, I saved you! Can't you just say thank you?" Despite his respect for elders, he lost his temper. At this rate he'd finish last! Someone would pick Abigail before he did!
The lady gave him another up-and-down look. He felt judged every second by her. Did she know him from somewhere? ---- "I can thank you in a better way," she finally huffed. "I'll show you a secret path in the swamp that'll take you wherever you want to go." "Seriously?!" Fenrir forgot the slight immediately. "Tell me- I want to get to what they call the Isle of Mist!" "Deal, let's go... but you're carrying me again, I'm already tired." With all the nerve in the world, she smoothed her dress like a princess, ready to be chauffeured by her new transport.
Fenrir almost twisted his mouth, but for the sake of the competition, he decided to carry her again So he found himself plunging into those hot forests, with a red flame floating in the air, lighting the way and scaring off the smaller animals. Centuria magic. "My name's Fenrir," he introduced himself, killing time with small talk. "What were you doing in that cave?" "I fell in while looking for some rare medicinal herbs; then that predator found me and tried to eat me.
I called for help, but only one brave soul came to rescue me." Fenrir puffed out his chest- at least one compliment from her... for a change.
###Chapter 1582
---- "My name is Dalila. Pleased to meet you... Lycan prince..." "You know me?" Fenrir frowned as they reached the edge of this island and the bank of a dark lagoon. "Who doesn't know the idiot who drank a truth potion and started spouting pure nonsense?" Her answer left him speechless. So everyone really knew about his blunder?! Who was the snitch who ratted him out? It had to be that savage of a father-in-law, laughing at him behind his back! "Go that way," Dalila suddenly pointed across the swampy water. "No, I'm not wading in blind, at night, without knowing what I'm going to ru- Ouch!
Hey, watch your hand, ma'am!" He howled when the cane tapped his head in a scolding, " affectionate" smack. "You really are dumb! Why would you think I'd put myself in danger? Go that way. There's a rise of earth, a secret path that cuts across the lagoon," she answered, exasperated. The youth these days was getting slower by the minute. ---- "Go on already, let's go, I'm not getting any prettier standing here! Fenrir realized how sweet his grandma Gabrielle had been with him. This old woman was a Centuria harpy, bossy and heavy-handed!
Even so, unbelievably, his boots kept a steady pace and she kept her word, showing him the secret route From a distance, the scene made it look like he was walking on water when, in reality, it was a muddy strip of land linking the islands. He reached safety near the goal; he could already hear voices beyond the thick, oppressive trees. Torchlight flickered, chatter carried over- and worst of all, the quick footsteps of the two competitors who'd gotten ahead of him. With his old lady on his back, Fenrir ran like never before.
"Hold on tight, even if that killer cane chokes me!" he roared, his legs exploding into a final sprint. When one of the wolves saw a massive redhead blow past like a gale with "that" old woman on top... he turned pale. ---- What the hell was the Centuria Priestess doing with him?! "You left me in danger in that cave, just wait till I catch youuu!" she yelled as they sped by, clinging to Fenrir. The wolf regretted everything on the spot, fear squeezing his heart. He hadn't recognized her voice- if he had, he would've fought an army of Drakmor, because having her as an enemy was suicide!
Too late now, he and his buddy Dago already had targets on their backs. And speaking of Dago, Fenrir's pupils narrowed on the male who'd reached the final trial. Ina clearing full of torches stood Hakon, and on a rough wooden platform, the prizes. Looked like they'd come straight in on a barge or something. Fenrir locked eyes with his mate's eager gaze from afar. His soul flipped, and in silence he told her he'd fight to get a few hours alone with her. "Put me down and go, go, run and clear the final test!" Once ---- again, Dalila's order snapped him to.
He stopped for just a second and crouched to set her down gently. The female actually hopped to the ground with agility; for a moment, she didn't look like a frail little granny at all. Fenrir suspected she'd been pulling his leg. "Silly boy... follow your instinct and don't mess up again," she said, pointing a finger before letting him go. Her eyes, blazing with the fire of a Centuria Priestess, watched him tear off toward where Hakon was waiting. She liked this boy, despite the dumb things he'd done to Abigail. Dalila was glad Raven had looped her into this setup.
She was the oldest woman of the Centuria Clan, brimming with power and energy despite her millennial age, but today it had been great fun to play the feeble, decrepit granny. Dalila was having a blast, and now... the best part was coming.
###Chapter 1583
---- 335, LOOSE-TONGUED AGAIN NARRATOR The Priestess tested Fenrir in the cave, and he didn't let her down. "He's a good male. I just hope that stuck-up, silly Centuria stops playing hard to get," Dalila narrowed her eyes at Abigail, who suddenly got chills. But the young Centuria's mind and heart were fixed on the man now facing the last trial. Abigail wanted to know if Fenrir had really changed his mind about being free and staying with her... forever. In front of a small table full of little vials, Hakon looked at Fenrir and Dago with a dark expression.
"Most of these are poisons and toxic stuff. If you had to find an antidote to save your woman... which one does your wolf instinct tell you is the right one?" he asked, staring hard at his future son- in-law. "You'll drink them first, and if it's poison, well, depending on the toxins, with some luck you might just kick the bucket..." "You wish," Fenrir muttered inside. ---- "You shouldn't have any trouble with this, since you're such an expert in magic potions, right, Lycan prince?..." The swamp Alpha mocked him, lifting a challenging brow. The prince didn't answer, sharp tongue and all.
He was his father- in-law, and he needed him to win over his beloved. His Lycan eyes scanned the more than fifty stacked porcelain vials, every color imaginable and each one giving off a stench worse than the last. That Dago guy did the same, and soon the other man arrived Time was running out, and it was obvious most were dangerous, but in the middle of all that filth, a powerful, vibrant scent reached him. "It's Mom's magic-she sabotaged one to help us!" his wolf howled with joy, locking onto one in particular, yellow in color.
Fenrir shot out his hand, and at that exact moment, so did Dago right for the same damn vial Fenrir smacked his fingers away hard and clutched his lifesaving spell. "If you dare screw me over again, I'll rip your fingers off," he threatened between his teeth. ---- He'd meddled in their business to save them, and then they left him behind. The warrior hunched his neck a bit and grabbed another potion, raising it quickly to his lips. The other man also went to grab his. Fenrir popped the cork and drank his bitter spell.
When the astringent liquid slid down his throat, it tasted a bit familiar, and seeing his father-in-law's mocking eyes didn't help. "Gale... what...? Aaggr." Before he could ask his animal side, he doubled over, clutching his stomach from the stabbing pain. It was sudden and way too fast; the spell spread through his veins, driven by the Selenic magic he carried. It was stronger, more effective, and hit instantly. Fenrir recovered from his sweating right away, but that precious time he lost, someone else used.
When he went to open his mouth to say he was fine, that he'd passed the trial and wanted Abigail as his reward, a shout flipped his world upside down. ---- "Lwas the first to pass all the trials. I want the Alpha's daughter for a date... Abigail!" Dago's voice rang out loud and clear. Fenrir saw it in slow motion, the guy standing in front of the platform where the single women were waiting. Dago was looking at her with puppy-dog eyes, or at least that's how it seemed to the prince through the lens of his outsized jealousy.
Abigail frowned, but when she went to answer-possibly to accept the man-a roar shook the very Goddess: "DO NOT DARE TOUCH MY WOMAN OR I'LL RIP YOUR HANDS OFF, YOU BASTARD" Fenrir was running his mouth, and without knowing it, trapped again by another truth potion even more fast- acting than the first. He strode toward the man, his body on the verge of shifting into his beast form, all his frustration blasting out at once. "Abigail is mine! Got it? MINE, AND I'LL KILL ANYONE WHO. TRIES TO TAKE HER FROM ME!" He lunged for the male, but a solid body shoved between them.
"Calm down, prince, you're not coming to stir up trouble in my swamp again!" Hakon roared at him. ---- The women stepped back in fear at the wild aura pouring off that apex predator's body. Fenrir's fangs dropped, and he was about to do something else crazy when his eyes slid to her, watching him from atop the platform. That one confused look on Abigail's worried face was enough to bring him down to earth. All at once, his mouth opened and spilled exactly what his heart was thinking. "Abigail, I love you...
my female, you have no idea how much I regret running from our bond, not going straight to find you, to claim you. I feel like a fool, Abiga..." In front of everyone, Fenrir began baring his soul like he never would have while "sober." He confessed to the ones in sight, and those hidden in the dark of the forest heard him too, watching his good deed. Valeria pressed a hand to her chest, eyes misty at the beautiful confession from her son. That had to soften anyone up! Aldric and Magnus traded a knowing look... this was going ---- straight into the vault for the next time they teased Fenrir.
"See? I told you my foolproof plan would work," Dalila said smugly to her Raven Alpha and to Beta Anastasia. "I'm still the best matchmaker." She soared on the clouds of her own praise. That Centuria Priestess was a bit nuts, but they had to admit she still had the knack for bringing destined souls together. And that, without them imagining how much more she'd done in secret and on her own. Dalila's eyes gleamed with malice in the shadows, scheming and plotting. "Tonight that snobby little virgin is going to get her mate's mark on her neck... or my name isn't Dalila."
