###Battle of Fate 1
Game of Destiny
Chapter 1
I walked over the grass, carrying a pile of wool blankets. We were selling up for tonight’s full moon celebrations. I love these monthly gatherings of the pack. We eat, laugh, tell stories of the pack’s history and of the gods‘. Then those that can shift will run in the woods. The rest of us, we stay behind and pretend we aren’t vious of the others. For eighteen years I have been part of the group who is left by the fire to watch the pups and make sure the fi stays in the firepit. It was getting old, I wanted my wolf to come to me, I wanted to prove I wasn’t a dud,
“Hi, pumpkin.” I turned toward the sound of my father and smiled. I had been out checking the woods together with the Alpha and Gamma in preparation for the night..
“Hi, dad,” I called as I placed the blankets down on a log and then took some of them and placed on other logs we used to sit on around the fire. They were more for coziness than for warmth, all werewolves ran hut. Even those like me who didn’t have a wolf. Tet. I added.
“Looking forward to tomorrow?” the Alpha Mark asked as he, Gamma Jonas and my father walked up to me. 
“Kind of,” I said.
been all of their friends, had
Gamma
“What do you mean, kind of, green bean?” Gamma Jonas asked. He, my father and the Alpha were
te best f lives. No one had been surprised when Alpha Mark had named my father his Beta and Jonas his Gamma as he took over the running of the pack from his father. That had been years before me and my brother were born. We grew up with the Alpha and
to be families as an extension of our own. My brother, Elder, was best friends with James, the Alpha’s son. Everyone expected best friends with Cindy, Gamma Jonas‘ daughter. But we didn’t get along at all. We just remained on friendly terms because of our Tamilies.
“I think my pumpkin is nervous. Turning eighteen is a big step,” dad said, placing his arm around me and pulling me to his side.
“That’s right. She will be able to sense her mate and he will be able to identify her if they both are over eighteen,” the Alpha said with a big smile.
“She’s too young for that kind of thing,” my dad scowled and both of his friends burst out laughing. My dad and Alpha Mark were
I had never partly right. I was nervous about being able to sense my mate. But there was more. My wolf still hadn’t come to me, been able to shift and for each full moon that came and went 1 looked weaker in the eyes of other werewolves. You started to be able to shift between the age of sixteen and twenty–five. Everyone knew the younger you were when your wolf came, the stronger it) and therefore you, would be. James had shifted for the first time a month after turning sixteen, my brother seven months after his sixteenth birthday. Cindy had been a little over seventeen when she shifted. I was almost eighteen and I hadn’t even felt a slight tingle during a full moon. I was afraid that if I found my mate, he would think I was too weak.
“You’re not still worried about your wolf, are you, little one?” the Alpha asked. I nodded. We had had this conversation many times in the last two years. “Armeria Rose Winstone, two years is nothing he will come to you,” he said. I flinched as he used my full name. My mother has a thing for all things growing and has named her only two children after her favorite plants. My father didn’t because he loves her too much to not let her have her way.
“I know, Alpha,” I said.
“You are perfect, just the way you are, pumpkin,” my father said and kissed the to
the top of my head.
“You have to say that, you’re my father,” I pointed out.
“And if some boy tells you anything else, you tell us and we will beat his ass.”
“Thank you uncle Jonas,” I said.
“Any time,” he told me and ruffled my hair. I ed and tried to get away, but my father laughed and kept me in place. I hated when people messed with my hair. It was hard to keep under control with its red curls at the best of times, but mess with it and it
1/3
Chapter
Just became one big poof of Tangles and frizz.
Okay, enough lazing around, Move your asses. I will see you later tonight, little one, and after midnight we will colebrate your big day, the Alpha told us.
of them a “Fine, we’re coming,” my father sighed with pretend annoyance. Son times I think the three of them are stuck in a permanent teenager mode, and it scares me a little to think of them running the pack. But they are good at it. Our pack is one of the strongest and most highly thought of packs in the world. It’s a pride to all of As my father and his two friends continued their inspection, I got back to my tasks for the evening. Usually I would help my mother as she and some other women prepared the food. But I had been put on other duties and I’m guessing, and hoping, it’s because they are working on a surprise cake for my birthday. As I walked over to Sally, Jonas mate, to get information about which games she has been planning for the pups, I tried to remember that I’m lucky. I have a good family, I have good friends and a good pack. So what if I don’t have a wolf? Three out of four isn’t a bad thing, right? And if I found my mate and he loves me as mates do, then I have four out of five. That would be fantastic. Unless he rejects you because you don’t have a wolf, a small voice in my head lept saying. It’s like the voice is a broken record, playing over and over again in my head.
Hours later, I was sitting in front of the fire, laughing along with the others as Nick, one of the oldest warriors in the pack, was telling the story about how he had defeated a swarm of vampires. The number of vampires went up for each full moon. But we all loved listening to him telling the story. Most of the pack members were running in their wolf form in the surrounding forest. I still hadn’t felt the need to shift, so as usual I volunteered to watch the pups and keep an eye on the teenagers. It was just after midnight when the pack started to return. In groups or pairs they cane walking out of the woods, they were all smiling and looked relaxed. I wondered why they were heading back so early when my mother and Luna Joy came walking with a birthday cake between them. I could feel my eyes grow big as I looked at the amazing creation that was put down in front of me. It was three) tiers tall with white frosting and covered in sugar flowers, it looked like a flower meadow. On top two candles burned, a one and an eight.
Happy birthday, sweetie,” my mother said.
“Thank
you, mom.” My mother hugged me, and then Luna Joy drew me into a tight hug as well.
“I hope you will find your mate soon and that he is everything you hope for and deserve,” Luna whispered to me.
“Thank you, Luna,” I said.
“Time to blow out the candles and make a wish, pumpkin,” my dad said as he joined us.
“Not yet. Elder isn’t here yet,” my mother pointed out.
“He is off with James and Cindy,” Luna Joy said as she snuggled up to the Alpha.
“I can wait,” I offered, which earned me a smile from the Alpha pair
“Honestly, the whole pack is here and we are waiting on our son,” my mother said and I could hear the impatience in her voice. I heard my brother and our friends before I saw them. My brother came half running out of the forest, closely followed by James 
while Cindy took her time.
“Sorry, sorry, I didn’t realise how deep into the forest we had run. You didn’t blow out the candles yet, did you?” Elder asked.
“No, she has been waiting,” our mother told him, giving him a look at told everyone she wasn’t happy.
“Sorry,” he said again. Me? I wasn’t paying any attention to what my brother was saying. My full attention was on the scent of sandalwood and pineapple. Even without my wolf, I knew it was the scent of my mate. I turned towards it as I saw James standing at the edge of the forest, looking back at me with just as much surprise us I felt. James, the Alpha’s son, was my mate?
###Battle of Fate 2
Chapter 2 
“Armeria, James said. He said it in a low, wistful voice.
“James,” I answered. I hardly noticed how everyone around us cleared the space, giving us a clear view of each other. It was important to give a newly mated pair space as the protectiveness was at an all time high until they had claimed each other. I faintly heard my father and the Alpha laughing as they congratulated each her, I saw a shadow pass over James‘ face and I knew him well enough that my heart and stomach sank.
“Amie,” James said, using the nickname the pock use. His voice was sad and I tried to brace for what I knew was coming. He took a few steps towards me, but I couldn’t move, I couldn’t look away from his eyes. They told me what he was going to say before he let The words fly. “I’m sorry, Amie, but I can’t. You know I can’t,” he said I know it was coming, but still, each word felt like a physical punch. The pack had gone deadly silent, everyone was listening and for a moment, I wished James‘ words had been physical punches. Then I would have a chance to pass out, or die. Anything but stand in the middle of the pack being rejected by the one person who should love me above all others. “I will become Alpha ce day, I need a strong Luna,” James continued, as if he didn’t know he was tearing my heart from my body. “Amie,squ don’t have wolf, oven If you get one, we all know it will be weak. I love you, you know I do. But my duty is to the pack, and this pack deserves a strong Luna,” he finished. There was only silence for a long while. I tried to find my words. My first instinct was to plead, to tell James I could be anything he wanted me to be. I could change. But the part of me that made my mother sigh in despair and complain about how stubborn her daughter was, held me back.
“Son,” the Alpha gently said. “You don’t need to do this now.”
“It would be cruel to give her hope. I won’t do that to her,” James said.
You need to think this thr
through, son. This is not the place or the time.” There was a warning in the Alpha’s voice.
“I won’t change my mind,” James insisted. I felt my father and mother walk up to flank me. My mother put her arm around my
waist.
“James, think about what you are doing, you are mates. The gods have decided you complete each other,” my father said.
“I’m sorry,” was all James said.
“You won’t be able to join the games.” My father’s voice was cold and a murmur in the pack followed his words. The games were how the packs determined influence and the amount of votes they would get at the yearly pack summit. The games were held every tenth year, and each pack sent the five most promising pack members and a support staff to enter. It was not just physical challenges they would face. Everything was tested, from strength to endurance to intelligence and cunning. My pack always ended up in the top ton, the last fifty years we had been in the top five. To be one of the five pack members sent to the games, you had to be over eighteen and in full physical and mental health. What my father had pointed out was that the break of a mate bond was considered to be a mental wound. The council would demand at least three months to heal from it before they deemed someone to be in full health. The games were in a month’s time. James looked like he reconsidered his decision, and my hope flared. I knew how much he and my brother had been looking forward to entering the games. We had all trained hard, even me, and the Alpha would be announcing the selected representatives any day.
“So be it, I will sit this year’s games out and join the next ones,” he then said, the determination clear on his face. The last ember of hope was extinguished in my chest. I vaguely heard Luna Joy saying something, but I had stopped listening. My hands had been clenched by my sides until now. But I reached for my mother and took a hold of her arm
“I can’t be here anymore, I mindlinked her. I heard the soft whimper that came from her as she pulled me into a hug, placing herself between me and James and leading me away. The pack gave way as we walked towards our house. I was numb from the pain that radiated in me. I saw the looks the other pack members were giving me, but I tried not to register them. It was bad enough to be pitied for not having a wolf. Now they would pity me for being rejected by the future Alpha as well. Some of them reached out and gently ran their hands over my arms as we passed. was a sign of comfort and support, But it didn’t help. I remembered the promise uncle Jonas had given only hours before. That he and his friends would beat any male that thought me weak. I guess that didn’t apply when the male was your best friend’s son and the future Alpha. I felt the bitterness of my own thoughts and it was what made the first broken sob escape me. To my relief, my mother and I were almost at our home and we had long since left the pack behind us. My mother tightened her hold one and made soft coping sounds that reminded me of my
childhood, when I used to fall and bruise my knees.
1/3
Chapter 2
“Let’s sit on the couch for a while,” my mother suggested. I just shook my head. I wanted to crawl into my bed and never get out of it again. “Okay, sweetie,” she agreed without me having to say will. She just look me upstairs, helped me out of my clothes and into my sleep shiit before fucking he tasto bed. I curled into a ball, my knees tight to my chest and my arms hugging them. My back was to my mother as she sat down on the bed and stroked my halt and gently hummed the old lullables she used to sing for me and Elder. My tears finally came and once the first one rolled down my cheek, the rest followed. I was quietly crying while my body trembled from the power of the tow emotions rolling through me. 1ard the door open and close downstairs and I felt the scent of my father, I may not have a woll, but my smell, eyesight and hearing was still better than a human’s But nowhere near a werewolf’s, My father walked into my room and sat down next to my mother on my bed. No one spoke, but I felt his heavy hand on my leg. I don’t know how long we stayed like that. It could have been hours, minutes. Somewhere along the way, I stopped crying and my body settled down. The pain still remained, no less than before. My mind started to move again even though I suspected my parents thought I was asleep. I noticed the absence of my brother. It hurt almost as much as my mate’s rejection. He had chosen fames over me. I had a hard time believing it. It was true he was best friends with the future Alpha, But he and I had always been close, at least I had thought so. There was a knock on the front door and my father left. Being raised werewolf meant learning not to eavesdrop on conversations despite being able to. But I felt like I had a right to listen in now, it most likely was something regarding me anyway.
“How is she doing?” It was the Alpha, it seemed my father had taken him into his study, as far away as they could go from my 
bedroom
“How do you think she is doing?” I was shocked by the anger and disrespect in my father’s voice. I had never heard him talk to anyone like that, especially not his best friend and Alpha. “She has spoken, not after what James did to her.”
“I’m sorry, Ron.” The Alpha sounded honest.
“His mind is made up?” my father asked,
“It is
“What will you do?“”
“What do you mean, Ron?” the Alpha asked.
“Do you expect my daughter to live in the same pack as the male that ripped her heart out and stomped on it in front of the entire pack? You know as well as I do what our rules are if someone breaks the mate bond without a good reason.” My fathers voice was low, full of tension. 
“Ron! You can’t think I would ever make James, my only son, go live in another pack. Banish him from the pack he was born to lead?”
“Why not? No one is above the law. The law is in place to protect the innocent victim. Amie is the victim here,” my father insisted.
“What james did, he didn’t handle it correctly. But Ran, he had a good reason to do what he did.” I almost drew in a sharp breath, but caught myself in time. I didn’t want my mother knowing I was listening to the conversation.
“What the fuck are you saying?” my father spit out.
“She will have a weak wolf, if she gets a wolf at all. James had a good reason to reject her,” the Alpha said.
“That is my baby girl you are talking about,” my father growled.
“You know I love her like a daughter, but we can’t hide from the truth.”
“The truth being that her wolf will come when it’s ready, and she is perfect just the way she is. Because that is what you have been telling her for the past two years, Mark,” my father told his friend.
“Precisely. That doesn’t mean she is suitable to be Luna. You know the kind of responsibilities ti didn’t hear my father’s reply as there was a knock on my bedrooms door.
that come with that position.” I
###Battle of Fate 3
Game of Destiny
Chapter 3 
My mother got up to answer.
“Melissa, I made some tea. How is she doing?” Luna Joy asked.
“Thank you, but I’m fine. She is holding on and being strong,” my mother said. There was a tone of dismissal in her voice. She telling Lana she wasn’t welcome.
“I was hoping to sit with her for a while. To see if I can’t be of som help or comfort,” Luna Joy suld.
“I don’t think that’s a good idea. Armeria needs her family at the moment.”
“Melissa,” Luna gasped. “I would like to think of myself as family. We have always been close since we mated Mark and Ron.”
was
“I would have said the same yesterday. But after what Ja…” There was a pause, as if my mother needed time to compose herself. “After what your son did to my baby, I think we need to rethink certain things. I need to protect Armeria and put her first. We both know how this will affect her. We both know the pack won’t give her the same protection they would give someone rejected by a wolf who isn’t the future Alpha, would get. The least I can do is make sure she is around the right people.”
“I love her like a daughter,” Luna ed.
“But not enough to fight for her right to become your daughter by mating, loy, you are my Luna and I will respect and obey you in all but this. My daughter is out of bounds for anyone in your family from this day,” my mother said and the door to my room closed. I felt the bed dip as my mother sat down and continued to stroke my hair. In the middle of all my pain, I felt the love from my parents and it soothed some of it. At least two people in this world loved me. But it also made me sad. Because of me, they were now at odds with their closest friends, their Alpha pair. This wouldnt just affect our two families. If the Alpha and Beta couple were in conflict, that would have an impact on the whole pack. And even though my brother had chosen James, I wanted to pretend he had struggled with the decision before making it. It seemed like I was making everyone’s lives more complicated. As I couldn’t sleep, and I didn’t want my mother to think I was awake, I spent the rest of the night thinking. By the time my brother arrived back home after the sun had risen, I had reached a decision. During the early morning hours, I relaxed a little and let go of my knees. I heard my brother get home, walk upstairs and open the door to my room. My knees drew up to my chest again.
“How is she?” Elder asked our mother.
“Enduring. Your father needs to speak with you. We need to find a way to protect your sister,” she said.
“I’ll go and talk to him. After I can sit with her so you can rest,” he offered. I didn’t want him to sit with me. I knew my brother’s betrayal wasn’t big in the grand scheme of things. But at the moment my heart and soul were raw, like they both had got a sunburn that meant even a tiny speck of sand felt like agony when rubbing against it.
“I’m fine. I will stay with her until she wakes up,” mother said. I was eternally grateful to her. I heard my brother go downstairs, and I heard enough of his conversation with our father to know they were discussing if sending me away to another pack would be a good solution. After a while, I stopped listening. The conversation only confirmed what I already knew. I was causing problems for my family. I didn’t have a wolf and therefore I had become a burden. It was up to me to solve all the problems I had created. I turned around and looked at my mother. She smiled down at me and let her hand caress my cheek. I didn’t have it in me to smile back, but I turned into her hand. 
“My brave and strong daughter, we will get you through this and you will dazzle the world,” she told me, and kissed my forehead. If I could have smiled, I would have. My mother was amazing and my insides burned with the guilt that I was causing so much problems for her. I just nodded. “Are you hungry?” she asked, but I hook my head. Instead, I reached out my arms towards her, like had done when I was little. She gave me a sad smile and drew me into a long hug. Then I lay back down, this time facing the door. My mother continued to sit with me. It didn’t take long for the door to open and my father to come inside. He looked so tired it almost made me cry all over again 
“Hey, pumpkin, your mom told me you were up: Want me to make you some of my famous spaghetti?” he asked as he kneeled by my bed so he could look me in the eyes. My father’s famous spaghetti was just boiled noodles with cut up hotdogs and lots of ketchup.
1/3
Chapter 3
My dad couldn’t cook to save his life, but on tlays my mom needed break from cooking or was away, he made us his spaghetti. Both me and Eider loved it as I was something my mother would never let us eat. It became our comfort food in a way. I just shook my head. “Okay, baby girl. It will all be okay. I will make it okay,” he said and kissed me on my head. A single tear ran down my cheek. I knew he meant it. He would stop at nothing to make sure as happy again. It was up to me to make sure he didn’t have In Elder came into my room as well. The look he gave me told me his sorry he was for me.
“I can sit with her for a while,” he offered again. I saw my mother start to , but I put my hand on hers and nodded.
“Are you sure? I don’t mind staying,” she said. I just nodded.
“Okay, pumpkin. I will make sure your mother gets some rest. But we will be back in two hours and we will bring food. I’m expecting you to eat. Okay?” my father asked. I nodded. “Good girl.” 1 got a kiss from both of them on my head before they left. Elder took my mother’s place on the bed..
“I don’t know what to do,” he said. I looked up at him and save the girl of emotions in his eyes, He must feel so torn and like being pulled in all directions. His love for me, his loyalty to family, his be friend, the future he had envisaged and trained for, the loyalty to the pack and to his alpha. They were all tugging at him. I took his hand and squeezed it. Tears ran down his face. “Look at me, here I am supposed to comfort you and I’m the one hawling my eyes but and you are the one comforting me,” he sniffed. I sat up and kissed his check. He was a good brother, even if he had his flaws. “I wish I could change his mind, that I could make him see what an idiot he is. The Gods know I have tried, but it’s like he is obsessed with strength. I can’t even get him to see there are different strengths. That you possess so many of them, even if you don’t possess the physical kind,” he told me. I understood then where he had been all night. He hadn’t forsaken me for James. It was the first time since the rejection I felt a small piece of warmth. I hugged him and we sat like that until I noticed the subtle change in his body and looked at him. He was mindlinking with someone and I could guess who. When they were done I nudged him to get up. “No, Amie, I’m staying.” he ed. I just shook my head and pushed him harder. “Okay, okay. I’ll go, I’ll just wake dad,” he said.
IND. 
Let him sleep, he is tired. I’m just going to go back to, sleep anyway. I’ll be fine.” I mindlinked him.
Are you sure?” he answered me.
*I am. Thank you for staying with me.” He gave me a hug and then left. As soon as I heard his footsteps leave the garden, I listened to make sure my parents were asleep. I got up and took out a backpack. I filled it with some clothes, some things that were most precious to me, and sneaked down into the kitchen to ransack the pantry, stuffing it into a separate bag. I put the two bags into my car and went back to the house, trying to be as quiet as I could. It was my speciality. Even without a wolf, I was good at sneaking around. I took the blanket my mother had knitted me and sat down to write a note. I starred on the blank page forever. There was so much I wanted to write, things that should be said in person and bot written down on paper. But I knew if I waited for my parents to awake, they would never let me leave. 
“Dear mom, dad and Elder.
I love you all so much and I know you love me. That is why I need to leave. I can’t let you destroy your friendships and standing in the pack for me. Know that I see how much you love me by your actions and know that I will always carry that knowledge in my heart and honour it
Please don’t be angry with the Alpha family, please don’t destroy something that is so important to all of you. I will leave so I can find a new life and so you can live yours as it was intended. Please don’t try to find me, you have raised me well and I will be fine. I love you always.
With Love.
A 
left the note on my bed with my set of house keys. Then I made my way downstairs and took a storm kitchen and a tent out of our storage. Making sure everything I needed was in the glove department in the car, I took a last look at the house that had been my home for eighteen years and I drove off
###Battle of Fate 4
Game of Destiny
Chapter 4
I looked in the rear–view mirror and save how exhausted and sad 1 locked. I tried to brighten up as I got close to the pack border. The wolves manning the booth knew my car by sight and just gave the a little wave as I drove by. No doubt they had seen or heard what had happened, I thought. Usually when I left the pack territory got a feeling of longing. It was a physical reaction that let
you know you were leaving your pack. This time, I felt lighter as the miles between me and the pack steadily increased. I headed into the closest town that had everything I needed. First stop was bank. I was eighteen now and I withdrew all my savings I had earned from working in the pack’s sawmill, all the birthday money had saved over the years and, with a heavy heart, the savings account my parents had started when I was born. All in all it gave me a good sum of money. Enough to let me stay on the road for as long as I had planned and still have some over for a clean start somewhere else. The next stop was the car dealership. The car ! had was a gift from my parents when I got my driver licence. It was little over a year old and had rarely been driven. But it was an electric car, not ideal for long, cross country road trips. I traded it for n Volvo that was a little older, but looked to be in good condition. I transferred all my belongings into my new car and got back on the road. I wasn’t trying to hide, or to disappear, but on the other hand I wasn’t going to announce to the world where I was going either. That could be because I had no clue. My plan was to get as far away from Verginia as I could.
I had been driving for most of the day and I felt the exhaustion in my bones. I hadn’t slept since the previous night and I knew 1 would soon be a danger to myself and others on the road. I found a mall gravel road leading into a dead end in the middle of a dense forest. I stopped there, warmed a can of soup and forced myself to eat it even though I had no appetite. I then shut myself in the car, made myself as comfortable as I possibly could with my blanket wrapped around me. My family would have found the note hours ago, and I wondered what they were doing. I cried myself to sleep.
The days were all the same. I drove as far as I could. I stopped to get gas, food and use the bathroom. Once in a while, I slept in cheap motels so I could shower. But most of the time, I slept in my car or outside under the stars. The only thing changing in my routine was the landscape outside the car. From lush forests to grasslands, to desserts and finally I found myself on the other side of the country. I parked my car by the side of the road and stepped out, ending up in the middle of a grass field of flowers. On the other end of the field there was a dense forest, and far in the distance tall mountains stretched up towards a summer blue sky. I drew in a deep breath and some of the tension I had carried with me for almost two weeks left me. Somewhere along the way, I had come up with a goal: Oregon. There was only one pack in the state and they had their territory on the border to Nevada. If I stayed In the northern parts of the state, I would most likely never run into a werewolf. I was going lone wolf. It was the best thing for someone like me, I had decided. Since I didn’t have a wolf, I had no rge to shift. 1 could blend into the human society without too much trouble. That would also minimise the risk of running into other wolves. They tended to keep away from humans if at all possible. I needed to find a job and some place to live, preferably before winter. But that gave me at least two months. I could do il It would get my mind off the throbbing ache in my chest. It wasn’t as sharp of a pain as it had been the first couple of days, but it didn’t go away. It was just a constant reminder of what I had lost and why I now needed to prepare for a life as a lone wolf. A lone wolf was not the same as a rogue. The werewolf society had shunned a rouge. Often because of a crime they had committed. A rogie could be killed by anyone, anytime. A lone wolf was a werewolf who had decided not to live in a pack. They still lived by the laws of the werewolf world and if they came across other wolves, they respected the built in hierarchy. It was just as bad to kill a lone wolf without cause as a member of a pack. But finding someone who cared enough to call someone out for doing it, on the other hand, would be difficult. A lone wolf could also re–enter the pack life without permissions from anyone other than the pack that accepted them in. A rogue could only become a member of a pack if they had the permission from the council or from the pack that made them rogue. I took out my new phone, I had sent my old phone back to my parents as it was on their plan. Now I had a new, cheaper one with a prepaid SIM–card. I pulled up a map of the state and started scrolling over it. I decided to head north–west and see where it would take me.
Two days later it took me into a sleepy little town. It looked to be the backdrop for one of those Hallmark–movies my mother loved The main street was lined with two–story buildings with shops on the bottom floor. The town was located where the plains met the forest and had the towering mountains in the background. The air was clear and the town seemed filled with happiness and joy. This was a place where I could heal, I thought. As if faith and the gods agreed with me, I saw a sign for help wanted in the window. of the local diner. I walked inside and could smell the mouthwatering combination of the different traditional diner meals.
“Hey miss, can I get you something?” an older lady asked me as I got close to the counter.
“Hi, yes, I saw the sign in the window and wondered if you are still looking for someone?” I asked. The woman stopped what she was doing and looked at me.
“Are you
over eighteen?”
“Yes, ma’am.”
1/2
Chapter 4
“Run away from home
“No ma’am,” I lied.
Graduated high school?” she asked. This wasn’t going the way I had hoped,
“No, ma’am. But not far off. There was this thing that happened and any family….” I stopped talking and looked down at my hands.
“I’m sorry dear,” she said with a heavy sigh, and I realised she had a trial period of a month. If it works out, I’ll give you permanent en That’s not negotiable,” she said.
“Yes, ma’am. Thank you. I will make sure to work and study hard.”
the wrong Impression. But I didn’t correct her. “I’ll give you loyment. But, if you work here I want you to study for a GED.
old her. She chuckled.
“That’s good dear. Call me Mrs Jones, everyone around here does. What is your name?” she asked.
“I’m Amie Sage, nice to meet you,” I said, using my nickname and my mother’s maiden name.
“Well Amie, if you are planning on sticking around, do you have a place to live?” she asked. 
“Not yet. I saw a motel on the outskirts of the town. I was thinking of staying there until 1 found something.”
“Don’t do that. It’s not in the best condition. Tell you what. My sister owns the bakery a couple of houses down. She owns the apartment on top of it as well. Her last tenant just moved out because she got married and my sister hasn’t been able to find anyone new to rent to yet. How about the two of us walk over and 1‘ introduce the two of you,” Mrs Jones said.
“Thank you. That is so nice of you,” I said. This was turning out better than I expected.
Two days later, I was moving into the apartment. It didn’t have much in the ways of furniture. But Mrs Andresen, Mrs Jones‘ sister, gave me a tip on two good second hand stores in the area. I had started my job as a waitress in the diner the day before. Everyone has been so nice to me. It almost felt like being part of a new pack. The diner mostly had local guests, patrons that came in regularly to order the same food and to exchange gossip. Mrs Jones explained they got tourists during peak season. It was everything I had dreamed of and needed.
Chapter Comments
7
POST COMMENT NOW
###Battle of Fate 5
Game of Destiny
Chapter S
the pit of my stomach, but it had stopped hurting. Or maybe I had it used to the pain. Either way, it didn’t bother me as much now as it had in the beginning. It was a reminder that I was alive, as a survivor and a fighter. I had built my life from scratch and I was proud of what I had, even if it wasn’t much.
“Have you seen the hunk who just sat down at your table?” CeCe asked me. We were in the middle of the lunch rush and the diner was full of both locals and tourists. I glanced over at the table I knew she had to be referring to, as it had been the only free one in my section. My body froze as I saw him. He was a werewolf, all my senses told me that much, and to add insult to Injury, he was on Alpha. My mouth got dry and my legs refused to move, 
“Cece, could you do me the favour and take that table for me? I can take two, or three of yours in return. I’ll even trade you the one with the four children,” I asked. I heard the desperation in my voice,
Are y
you sure, Amie? Have you seen him? Yummy,” she said.
“All yours,” I said. She wasn’t wrong. The Alpha looked like most Alphas, big strong, self–confident. Pair it with blond hair that looked to have a will of its own in a playful way and deep blue eyes and you had yummy. But Alphas were trouble, especially for me. He was the first wolf I had run into since leaving the pack and I didnt want to bring any more attention to myself than necessary. I knew he already knew what I was. If I could detect him in a room full of humans. He, with his fully developed Alpha senses, would have no problem noticing me. CeCe walked over to him and took his order. I saw her flirt with him and he smiled politely back at her. I tried my best to ignore him and keep my distance. It was hard since he sat in my section of the diner, but I think I did a good job. When he paid and left, I felt relieved, he hadn’t tried to speak to me.
“You missed out on that one. Handsome, nice without being creepy and a great tipper,” CeCe said. “Want me to split the tip?” she then asked. I shook my head. She had earned it and even if the fami with four children hadn’t left a huge tip, they hadn’t been skipy either. I would gladly sacrifice the tip to avoid him. The rest of the day, I was on high alert. I was jumpy and kept checking To make sure the unknown Alpha wasn’t anywhere near me.
“Are you okay, dear?” Mrs Jones asked as I was getting ready to leave
“I’m
fine, but thank you for checking.” I told her.
“You seem a little… I don’t know,” she said. 
“Skittish,” Rich helped.
“Yes, that is the right word,” she agreed.
“I’m fine, just didn’t get enough sleep last night. I was going to gave me an excuse for staying home.
home and take a nap. I’m sure that will make it better,” I lied. It
“Oh, poor dear. You do that. Do you want me to send Dara over with some dinner?” Mrs Jones asked. She really was a wonderful
woman.
“No thank you, Mrs Jones. I appreciate it, but I was looking forward to the dinner I was planning to cook,” I told her. So many lies in one day, I would get a stomach ache if I continued like this.
“Well then, run along and call me if you need anything.”
Thank you, Mrs Jones,” I said and gave her a hug. I hurried home and closed the door behind me. No Alpha. I was safe and he would leave town and everything would go back to normal.
Chapter 5 
Four years later.
I walked into the backdoor of the bakery, put down the two bags of our and got a kiss on the cheek from Mrs Andersen.
“Thank you, Amie. I don’t know what I would do without you,” she happily told me.
“I’m happy to help.” I said, and it was the truth. The two sisters had been good to me these past four years. They had helped me feel at home in the small town, introduced me to all the right people according to them, and made sure I got out of my apartment for other things than my work. In return, I gladly offered them a hand with some of the heavier work. The sisters were getting older, and I felt bad for them working so hard. My strength was nowhere near that of a full werewolf, but I was stronger than the average human. I had made peace with being a latent wolf; a werewolf who didn’t have a wolf, or where the wolf was so weak, it didn’t manifest. It made it easier for me to live amongst humans.
“I have a treat for you on the counter over there,” Mrs Anderson told me.
“You didn’t have to, thank you,” I said before I sank my teeth into a till lukewarm danish and sighed with joy.
“Seeing you eat my pastries is a delight,” the older woman said with warm smile. We did this every morning. I would bring her the flour from the storage, she would give me a treat and some of her amazing coffee and I insisted she didn’t need to, and she insisted she did.
have the lunch shift so I’ll be back before it gets dark,” I told her as I left, holding the to–go cup of coffee,
“Have a nice day dear, and maybe say yes if Jessie asks you out again I heard before the door shut behind me. Jessie was the town’s most desirable bachelor, not that it said much in this town. But he had been the highschool football star. He was good looking, hardworking, owned his own farm that actually made a profit and was, overall, a decent guy. Jessie had tried hitting on me since I arrived four years ago, but unlike the local women, I turned him down. Not just the first time, but every time since. It had become a running joke in town, and I knew people were placing bets on when I would finally give in. The thing with Jessie was that he never took offense at me turning him down. He joked about it just as much as anyone else and over the years, we had become good friends. As I walked into the diner, I was greeted by Rich, the cook, and Mrs Jones. I emptied the last coffee from my cup, careful not to spill anything on my mint–green uniform.
“CeCe is marrying the ketchups. Could you start with the napkins?” Mrs Jones asked.
“Sure thing,” I said as I walked out into the front part of the diner to greet my other friend. Yes, during my time in this town, I had only made two real friends. But that was two more than I had expected, CeCe was a year older than me and more upbeat than I had ever been. Usually there was only one waitress needed at the time in the diner. But it was tourist season, which meant we would be two. It also meant we had to take in a third, temporary, waitress as CeCe and I couldn’t cover all shifts. It sucked as this year we were stuck with Dara. Dara wasn’t a bad kid, she was just clumsy, unfocused and lived more in her own head than out in the real world. To be honest, she usually caused more work than she helped. But Mrs Jones said Dara needed to get out of the house and into the real world. She had a thing for rescuing people, like some old women rescued stray cats, Mrs Jones rescued stray people. I couldn’t as she had rescued me. She had rescued CeCe as well, but in a different kind of way. We were both loyal to the old woman, so we didn’t to having Dara in the diner.
“Am I happy
I happy to see you,” CeCe said as I
aid as I walked up to her. W
her. We hugged and got back to work.
“How was your trip?” she asked as we got going.
“It was fine,” I said. It had been my day off yesterday and I had told everyone I was going to go away for the day, sightseeing and elaxing. What I was really doing was driving as far away as I could possibly get and still make it back home to my shift today. It was my mother’s birthday in a couple of days and that meant I sent postcard to her. I usually just said I was doing well and I hoped she had a good birthday. I did the same for my father’s and brother’s birthdays, as well as for the end of the lunar cycle. It’s like Christmas and new years all wrapped into one for werewolves. I grove to remote towns so the postage couldn’t be traced back to where I lived, I didn’t know if I was being kind or cruel by sending the four postcards every year. I just wanted them to know I was okay. They didn’t need worry. And I was okay. Life was maybe not perfect, but it was okay. The dull ache was still there in
1/3
Chapter S
the pit of my stomach, but it had stopped hurting. Or maybe I had it used to the pain. Either way, it didn’t bother me as much now as it had in the beginning. It was a reminder that I was alive, as a survivor and a fighter. I had built my life from scratch and I was proud of what I had, even if it wasn’t much.
“Have you seen the hunk who just sat down at your table?” CeCe asked me. We were in the middle of the lunch rush and the diner was full of both locals and tourists. I glanced over at the table I knew she had to be referring to, as it had been the only free one in my section. My body froze as I saw him. He was a werewolf, all my senses told me that much, and to add insult to Injury, he was on Alpha. My mouth got dry and my legs refused to move, 
“Cece, could you do me the favour and take that table for me? I can take two, or three of yours in return. I’ll even trade you the one with the four children,” I asked. I heard the desperation in my voice,
Are y
you sure, Amie? Have you seen him? Yummy,” she said.
“All yours,” I said. She wasn’t wrong. The Alpha looked like most Alphas, big strong, self–confident. Pair it with blond hair that looked to have a will of its own in a playful way and deep blue eyes and you had yummy. But Alphas were trouble, especially for me. He was the first wolf I had run into since leaving the pack and I didnt want to bring any more attention to myself than necessary. I knew he already knew what I was. If I could detect him in a room full of humans. He, with his fully developed Alpha senses, would have no problem noticing me. CeCe walked over to him and took his order. I saw her flirt with him and he smiled politely back at her. I tried my best to ignore him and keep my distance. It was hard since he sat in my section of the diner, but I think I did a good job. When he paid and left, I felt relieved, he hadn’t tried to speak to me.
“You missed out on that one. Handsome, nice without being creepy and a great tipper,” CeCe said. “Want me to split the tip?” she then asked. I shook my head. She had earned it and even if the fami with four children hadn’t left a huge tip, they hadn’t been skipy either. I would gladly sacrifice the tip to avoid him. The rest of the day, I was on high alert. I was jumpy and kept checking To make sure the unknown Alpha wasn’t anywhere near me.
“Are you okay, dear?” Mrs Jones asked as I was getting ready to leave
“I’m
fine, but thank you for checking.” I told her.
“You seem a little… I don’t know,” she said. 
“Skittish,” Rich helped.
“Yes, that is the right word,” she agreed.
“I’m fine, just didn’t get enough sleep last night. I was going to gave me an excuse for staying home.
home and take a nap. I’m sure that will make it better,” I lied. It
“Oh, poor dear. You do that. Do you want me to send Dara over with some dinner?” Mrs Jones asked. She really was a wonderful
woman.
“No thank you, Mrs Jones. I appreciate it, but I was looking forward to the dinner I was planning to cook,” I told her. So many lies in one day, I would get a stomach ache if I continued like this.
“Well then, run along and call me if you need anything.”
Thank you, Mrs Jones,” I said and gave her a hug. I hurried home and closed the door behind me. No Alpha. I was safe and he would leave town and everything would go back to normal.
###Battle of Fate 6
Game of Destiny
Chapter 6-1 
Normal quickly went out the window as the Alpha came back the next day for breakfast. He sat down at one of my tables again, but not the same us at lunch the day before. I had to take almost all of Dora’s tables to make her take his table. I worked my ass off and tried to keep an eye on him at the same time, I groaned when Dara tripped and spilled most of the coffee pot in his lap. Mrs Jones came out and apologised and I prayed to all the gods 1 knew she wouldn’t make me take over the table. One of the gods apparently heard my plea, Mrs Jones took his table personally.
“Poor man, getting hot coffee all over his privates,” she told me inter after the Alpha had left..
“Yes,” was 
all 1 could say.
“And such a handsome and nice man. Not even a little angry or offended. He even gave a generous tip at the end.”
“Probably because you charmed him.” I said.
“Oh stop it,” Mrs Jones said, blushing, Rich was chuckling. “Maybe hiring Dara wasn’t the best decision,” she added.
“Maybe not, But we won’t find anyone else now. I’m sure we can surive the season,” I told her.
“You’re right. Let’s just keep an eye on when she goes for the coffee pot. We all agreed. Dara didn’t seem to r realise what a commotion she had caused. She was happy she hadn’t needed to tend to as many tables as she usually did. Thankfully, Dara didn’t work the lunch shift. CeCe came in and together we set the diner in order and CeCe told me the latest gossip. If it weren’t for her and Mrs Andersen, I wouldn’t have a clue what happened in town. In the middle of the lunch rush, the Alpha came back and again sat in my section, but again at a different table,
“Please CeCe, can’t you just take that table?” 1 pleaded.
“Why? I won’t take it unless you tell me why you are so hellbent on not serving him,” she told me.
“I don’t know. I just don’t like his vibe,” I said.
“His vibe? Come on, Amie, there has to be something else,” she insisted.
“I don’t know, I just have a bad feeling about it. Can you take him? Pleeeease.” I tried my best at puppy dog eyes.
“Fine! But I’m only doing it because we don’t get men like him that often and he’s a good tipper. And god knows he deserves some decent service after what happened this morning,” she relented.
“Thank you. I’ll be forever grateful”
“If you really want to thank me, could you take care of Jessie?” she asked. I looked and saw that Jessie had sat down at one of her
tables. 
*Sure. Something wrong?” I asked. I knew CeCe and Jessie had a thing in highschool. A month of flirting leading to a one–night stand that fizzled out into nothing. But neither of them had held a grudge and had been friends.
“Oh, ehm. Well, I might have done something I shouldn’t have the other night,” CeCe said.
“You slept with Jessie?” Tasked.
“Well, yes. I didn’t mean to. It just sort of happened.” 
Yeah, sure. You just stumbled, undid both of your pants and accidentally speared yourself on his meat sausage,” I said, nodding.
1/2
Chapter 6-1 
“Shut up! And who says meal Sausage?” CeCe googled
*111 take Jéssle and you take my table and everyone is happy,” I said,
“Deal.” I walked over to Jessie and saw him looking towards CeCe
“Hi. lessic.” I said.
“Hi, Amie, Looking good today,” he told me, but his usual line sounded flat.
“Thank you. Don’t worry. She’s a little freaked out at the moment, but give her a day to digest it and everything will be fine. Then you can ask her out for real,” I told him. He looked at me like 1 was peaking martian.
“What?” 
“I’m talking about Cece. Don’t pretend with me, Jessie. If you don’t stop pretending and start acting like the adult you are, I’m going to have to kick your ass,” I told him.
*Right,” he said, a small blush on his cheeks. “So, a couple of days?” 
*Yes, no more than two. Come in with a nice bouquet of flowers and be sweet to her.”
“I can do that,” he said with a nod.
“Of course you can. Do you want your usual, or are you ready to try something new?” I asked.
“No, I’ll have what I always have. Thank you, Amie,” he said.
Chapter Comments
67
POST COMMENT NOW
<SHARE
2/2
Game of Destiny
Chapter 6-2 
“No problem. 1 handed the order to the kitchen and made sure my bles had what they needed and kept an eye on the Alpha. I needed to think of a strategy for dealing with him. It didn’t seem like he would give up, but at the same time, he hadn’t approached me. So I had no clue what he wanted. Again he left the diner withou so much as a glance in my direction. Maybe I was overthinking things? Maybe he was just a tourist? I didn’t even know if my lack of wolf and all the years living with humans had masked my wolf scent. To be on the safe side, 1 went straight home after work and stayed inside until just after lunch the next day. I had the late shift and was happy to see CeCe talking to Mrs Jones.
“There she is,” Mrs Jones brightly said.
“Hey guys, what’s up?” Lasked.
*CeCe has just been filling me i
in on your dark, mysterious hunk of man,” Mrs Jones told me.
“Who?” I don’t think I fooled anyone. 
“Mr hot coffee pot in the knee,” Mrs Jones reminded me.
“Oh right, him. What about him?”
“He was here for breakfast, and lunch, seemed disappointed not to see you here, CeCe told me.
Oh please. He doesn’t know I exist,” I said.
“I don’t know. I think you have a new suitor,” Mrs Jones said, sounding giddy. I just shook my head and got on with work. If the Alpha had come in twice again today, I could scratch the idea that it was just a coincidence. What did he want with me? Did he think I was a rogue? There were no packs in the area, so he couldn’t be worried I was going to poach on his pack’s territory. My thoughts occupied me all through the dinner service. The Alpha hadn’t come in. Maybe he didn’t do dinner service. Could I talk to Mrs Jones and be put on the late shift everyday for a couple of weeks? I was just trying to figure out a good reason to ask when the door opened and the Alpha stepped inside. There went my new plan out the window. As usual, he sat down in my section.
“Cece,” I started, but before I could say anything else, she held up a hand.
“No, Amic. It’s time to put on your big girl panties and deal with him. He is obviously trying to get you to wait on him. He is always sitting in your section, each time choosing a table he has seen you serve. Now, put on a smile and go over there and see what that hunk of a man wants,” CeCe said.
“I don’t want to,” I ed. 
“Too bad. Now shoo, I have my own tables to handle. I’m only doing this because I love you,” she told me. Okay, so I needed to do this. It would be alright, I was in the middle of the diner and nothing could happen to me here. The worst he could do was to talk to me. I took a deep breath and walked over to his table.
“Hi, I’m Amie and I’ll be your waitress today. What can I get for your I said in my cheerful work voice.
u are one hard waitress to get hold of he said in a rich and soothing voice.
“Hello, Amie. I’m Finlay and you are
“Excuse me?” I said. He chuckled.
Nothing. I’ll have the pork chops,” he told me.
“Sure thing, and to drink?”
A Coke please.”
1/2
Chapter 6-7
Coming right up, I said, grabbing his menu and disappearing to hand his order to the kitchen, I gave him his Coke and then his food. We were polite to each other, but he didn’t try to start a convation. I felt relieved, I had overreacted. Nothing was going to happen. That was until I brought him his check. The dinner rush had been over for a while and the diner was almost empty except for a couple of locals sitting around, drinking coffee, I walked up to a table and put down the check. I was just about to leave.
“Anie, wait a moment,” he mumbled, low enough not to be overheat, but loud enough for me to hear. I froze and turned back towards him. “I think we need to talk,” he told me.
“I don’t think we do,” I said, using the same low voice as him. A sua appeared on his lips. It didn’t make him look even sexier. Not even a little.
“I don’t mean you harm, little wolf. I just want to talk,” he said. I scoffed. Little wolf, my.. 
“So talk,” I dared him.
“Not here. Too many interested ears. Someplace, private.”
“Yeah, I don’t meet strange men, especially strange wolves, alone. I don’t have a death wish.”
“I promise you are safe with me,” he told me.
“Said no predator ever,” I remarked. It made him chuckle again.
“I guess you
are right. Is there a public place we can talk then?” he asked. I sighed. I didn’t want to talk to him, but on the other hand, I had a feeling he wouldn’t leave me alone until I did. I could tell the sheriff that Finlay was stalking me, or I could tell Jessic. Either way. I knew they would try to run him out of town. The operative word was try. There wasn’t much they could do against an Alpha.
“Fine. Behind the library there is a trail leading to the lake. There are some picnic tables there. No one uses them before noon,” I told him. He nodded.
When can I meet you?”
“I have tomorrow off Meet me at ten in the morning.”
Tll be waiting for you, Amie,” he told me.
“Okay, that isn’t creepy at all,” I said and walked away. I could hear Him chuckling. He left shortly after, leaving a good tip. I sighed. It felt like I had sealed my faith.
Chapter Comments
1/2
Chapter 6-7
Coming right up, I said, grabbing his menu and disappearing to hand his order to the kitchen, I gave him his Coke and then his food. We were polite to each other, but he didn’t try to start a convation. I felt relieved, I had overreacted. Nothing was going to happen. That was until I brought him his check. The dinner rush had been over for a while and the diner was almost empty except for a couple of locals sitting around, drinking coffee, I walked up to a table and put down the check. I was just about to leave.
“Anie, wait a moment,” he mumbled, low enough not to be overheat, but loud enough for me to hear. I froze and turned back towards him. “I think we need to talk,” he told me.
“I don’t think we do,” I said, using the same low voice as him. A sua appeared on his lips. It didn’t make him look even sexier. Not even a little.
“I don’t mean you harm, little wolf. I just want to talk,” he said. I scoffed. Little wolf, my.. 
“So talk,” I dared him.
“Not here. Too many interested ears. Someplace, private.”
“Yeah, I don’t meet strange men, especially strange wolves, alone. I don’t have a death wish.”
“I promise you are safe with me,” he told me.
“Said no predator ever,” I remarked. It made him chuckle again.
“I guess you
are right. Is there a public place we can talk then?” he asked. I sighed. I didn’t want to talk to him, but on the other hand, I had a feeling he wouldn’t leave me alone until I did. I could tell the sheriff that Finlay was stalking me, or I could tell Jessic. Either way. I knew they would try to run him out of town. The operative word was try. There wasn’t much they could do against an Alpha.
“Fine. Behind the library there is a trail leading to the lake. There are some picnic tables there. No one uses them before noon,” I told him. He nodded.
When can I meet you?”
“I have tomorrow off Meet me at ten in the morning.”
Tll be waiting for you, Amie,” he told me.
“Okay, that isn’t creepy at all,” I said and walked away. I could hear Him chuckling. He left shortly after, leaving a good tip. I sighed. It felt like I had sealed my faith.
Chapter Comments
07
07
###Battle of Fate 7
Game of Destiny
Chapter 7-1 
I walked down the street of the small town. The plan had been to stop at the diner to have lunch on the road back from a meeting 18 Strange a new alliance. That was almost four days ago, and I was still here. The reason was waiting for me as I turned towards the lake. She stood waiting where she told me we would meet. There was a paper bag on the table that smelled delicious.
“You’re here,” I said as I stopped in front of her, just a little too close. Just to see how she reacted.
Said I would be,” she told me and looked up at me. Whoever this woman was, she had a good upbringing. She had mastered the art of looking up at me without meeting my eyes. Locking eyes with an pha was seen as a challenge if you weren’t his mate or a close friend.
“So you did. I thought I might need to eat a couple more meals in the diner to persuade you. You seem to have a stubborn streak,” [ pointed out. Point in question, she hadn’t moved back despite me being in her space. Most wolves would have backed up the second an Alpha moved into their space. Unless they themselves were one. And if it was one thing I knew about this intriguing little.wolf, she was no Alpha. I had scented her as a wolf the moment I stepped into the diner. That had been a surprise. I kept a close eye on any rogues and migrating wolves close to my pack. Yet this woman had never pinged on our radar.
“Getting tired of Rich’s cooking?” she asked. I chuckled. She was funny.
Not at all. I’m considering staying until I have tried everything on the menu. That would take me a week or two, I think,” I said.
She huffed.
“Well, no need as I’m here. So why am I here?” she asked.
1 want to get to know you,” I said, deciding to go with the truth. She looked surprised, then her wall came back up and I couldn’t read her. It was part of what made her frustrating, and a curiosity.
“Well, I could refuse. But you would just use your Alpha sniffer and find me and keep dropping by my work. So let’s do this,” she said. For the first time since I had walked up to her, she averted her gaze and looked at the paper bag. She took it and climbed up and sat down on the table, resting her feet on the seat. “Coffee, black she told me as she fished a travel cup out of the bag. I sat down next to her, offering her the comfort of adding as much space between us as possible.
“You remembered,” I told her and smiled.
“it’s hardly the most complicated way to have your coffee. She fished out another cup and placed it next to her. Next thing that came out of the magical bag was pecan buns and I had to swallow a couple of extra times not to drool. It’s important to keep a small amount of dignity when you are an Alpha. “Here, my landlady made them this morning. I need breakfast to get me through this conversation.”
“Thank you,” I told her and took one of the mouth watering pastries from her.
“What do you want to know?” she asked and took a sip of her coffee.
“You’re not a rogue?”
? I asked, and just as soon as the words left me, could have kicked myself. The raised eyebrow on her face showed she thought it was an idiotic question. She didn’t have the slightly sweet, sickening scent that all rogues had to them. The
smell of decay.
No, I’m not. I’m a lone wolf,” she confirmed and took a bite of her breakfast. I hummed, feeling a little foolish after the question.
“Were you born one?” I asked. Most werewolves stayed in packs. It was an ingrained need in us. But there were those that ventured outside the system. Either from being dissatisfied with the system, from a need to be alone, or feeling it was the only way. Sometimes wolves like that had mates and reproduced, their pups then didn’t get an automatic membership into a pack and ended up being lone wolves as well. There were even the odd occurrences of rouges having pups. The pups didn’t become rouges like their mother, they became lone wolves.
1/2
Chapter 7.1.
“No, I left my pack… There was a pause as she seemed to count. “Four years back,” she salil. It surprised me. She looked so young.
Chapter Comments
Rudite
POST COMMENT
He’s a considerate alpha. Sounds like his pack is not like her pack. Looking forward to
where this goes.
VIEW 1 COMMENT
<SHARE
2/2 
Game of Destiny
Chapter 7-2 
“you left when you were around fifteen?” I asked. She laughed.
“Fighteen,” she corrected me, and I got another surprise. I had not pected her to be twenty–two years old. Only two years younger than me. She had been raised in a pack, she had lived in one most of her life. I wanted to know why she chose a life isolated, surrounded by humans instead of by her own kind. 
“Why did you leave?” I asked. She glanced up at me.
“You are asking a lot of personal questions, Alpha, offering no information in return,” she pointed out. Her accusation was fair. She had been more than gracious with answering my questions. But now she didn’t want to expose herself further without getting something back. I had to respect that.
“What do you want to know? I asked.
“Why are you here?” she asked.

I was on
on my way home f
from a meeting with two Alphas
Alphas from other packs. I just stopped to
d to get some lunch,” I said.
“And your pack is close by?” she asked. It showed she had been raised in a pack that took pride in teaching their young the right manners. She knew not to outright ask where my pack’s territory was. That was considered a challenge.
Yes, it’s about half a day’s drive from here,” I said.
“There shouldn’t be any packs out here,” she told me. I smiled. She had done her research.
“If you would have told me that two years ago, I would have said you were right. We are a new pack. We established ourselves out here just because the packs are far enough apart that we didn’t feel squashed and they didn’t feel threatened by us,” I told her. She nodded, then took a deep breath and looked at me, as if to find an answer to a question she had. I couldn’t help but to study her. She was a beautiful wolf. The way her deep green eyes shifted with her emotions was fascinating-
“I’m latent,” she said and took a deep drink from her coffee. It appeared every word out of her would surprise me, I thought.
“As in you
you don’t have a wolf?” I asked.
“Yeah, like I don’t have a wolf,” she said. There was an undertone I couldn’t pinpoint. Bitterness? Hurt? Both would be
understandable.
“You smell of wolf,” I said. She smiled a sad smile.
“That may be the case. But I’m twenty–two and I haven’t shifted.” I wanted to tell her that there was still time. It wouldn’t be a li But shifting this late would be highly unlikely, and I didn’t want to give her false hope when she clearly had accepted her faith.
“Is that why you left your pack?” I asked.
“It was the root of all the reasons I left,” she answered. 
“I’m sorry to hear that.” I didn’t know what else to say.
Are you going to tell me why we are doing this?”
“I told you, I want to get to know you,” I told her.
“Yes, you did. You just didn’t tell me why I hadn’t, and I wondered if now was the right time to tell her. She was skittish, and I had
1/2
Chapter 7-2
a feeling she would bolt if Listowed too quickly. Hut she had asked a raight in the point question. She deserved an answer.
“I want to invite you to join my pack, 1 told her. She looked at me I was insane.
“You did hear the part about me being latent, right?” she asked.
“I did. There is no issue with my heating.” I said.
“Maybe not your hearing, but you obviously have some issues,” she said, then her eyes grew bigger when she realized she had said it out loud. I threw my head back and laughril.
“You are not the first one to tell me this,” I admitted.
“Listen, I don’t know why you want me in your pack. But I’m doing the on my own. I have made myself a new life that I like.
“Don’t you miss the pack life? Being around your ownot having to hide who and what you are? Don’t you celebrations?” I asked her, and I saw longing in her eyes before she looked away. She stared out over the lake.
miss the full moon
“Maybe, but that life is not for me,” she said. There was something deeply sad in the way she said it. The Alpha in me wanted to pull her into my pack, to give her the comfort I knew only a pack could offer. I instinctively knew she needed it.
pack.
“Before you turn me down, why don’t you come for a visit? Take a couple of days off work and come to the pack. It’s a but it’s a good one. If you give it a chance, I promise I will never step foot in this town if you turn my offer down. I will even make it out of bounds for the rest of the pack,” I offered.
“I don’t know,” she hesitated. 
“The moon will be full in three days. Come and celebrate it with us. She looked at me with those deep green eyes and I knew she stood on the very edge of accepting my offer.
Chapter Comments
Rudite
POST COMMENT
He’s a considerate alpha. Sounds like his pack is not like her pack. Looking forward to where this goes.
VIEW 1 COMMENT
? 6
###Battle of Fate 8
Game of Destiny
Chapter 8-1 
I couldn’t believe I was sitting in the truck of an Alpha I hardly knew heading towards an unknown pack. I must be Insing my mind to have accepted his ciary offer. He must have been even more insane to make the offer in the first place. What Alpha offered someone without a woolf a place in their pack? An insane one, that’s ho And I, as the idiot that I am, then agreed to get into a truck with said insane Alpha, I had suggested I could take my car. That way I could drive myself hack if, no, when I turned his offer down. But Finlay had insisted it made more sense to drive together. That way, we could keep getting to know each other.
“If your pack has only been around for two years, you haven’t ranked yet?” I asked.
“No. We didn’t leave our old pack until just about two years after
latest games,” he told me.
“That sucks,” I said.
“It does,” he agreed. There was a pause in the conversation where I watched the forest outside the window roll by. “Since I have got
to come with me and you don’t really have a choice, maybe I should tell you about our history. It’s bound to come up, so it’s better you are prepared,” Finlay told me in a cheery voice. I tensed up. That didn’t sound ominous at all.
“Sure,” I agreed.
“Have you heard of the Ocean shore pack?” he asked and I snorted.
“Have I heard of the pack that has ranked in the top three for the last hundred years? Yes, I have,” I told him. He gave me a little smile, but it wasn’t his usual relaxed one..
“Alpha Johannes was my father,” Finlay said, and I was in shock. One of the most powerful Alphas in modern times was Finlay’s father? He had belonged to the Ocean shore pack and left? My curiosity peaked. “My father was a great and powerful Alpha. But he had a cruel streak, something he knew and kept at bay. He only let it out when he was dealing with rogues or in times of war,” he explained. I nodded. It wasn’t unusual for Alphas and Betas to have more flexible consciences. “He passed away a little over two years ago. It was a rogue attack that ended badly. He was injured while rescuing some pups gone astray.”
“I’m sorry,” I said. It didn’t feel like enough, but I had nothing else to offer.
“Thank you. It was a hard time. My brother, Jason, became the new Apha as he was the oldest. I didn’t mind, I had always known that would be the case. Jason had the same cruel streak as my father, but he didn’t control it like my father did. Instead, he let it take over. I didn’t want to see it at first, but in the end I couldn’t turn a blind eye. My instinct was to challenge him for the role of Alpha. But my mother begged me not to. She had just lost her mate and didn’t want to see one of her sons killing the other. I had to obey my mother’s wishes, so I asked the council for permission to form my own pack. It was granted and when I told my brother, he lost his temper. He declared me a traitor of the pack and forbade the from entering the pack land again. Before I left, I offered every pack member the chance to join me. Almost half of the pack left with me,” he told me.
“I’m impressed. That took a lot of courage,” I said. I got one of his genuine smiles in return.
“I don’t know about that. If I would have known what I was getting myself into, maybe I wouldn’t have even thought about doing it. Do you know how much paperwork there is when running a pack? I mean, there are droves of it,” he joked. I laughed as I understood the need not to linger on subjects that left you exposed for too long.
“Not as much fun as you had thought?”
“Not even a little. And then there is the constant need to listen to the pack’s concerns. “Alpha, his apartment in the pack house is two square inches bigger than mine‘, ‘Alpha, why doesn’t he love me, Alpha, why is the sun brighter than the moon?”. I tell you, there is an endless stream of questions and opinions,” he told me. Iughed as I could tell he didn’t hate it half as much as he let
on.
“Has the pack been able to settle down?” I asked.
1/2
Game of Destiny
Chapter 8-2 
Ves, wo pooled our resources and could buy a good amount of land. It took some time to get the houses built and to establish a good relationship with the local authorities. But now we are finally seeing the rewards of the hard work,” he said.
“And do they know you are bringing a stray home?” He laughed at question.
“I told my Beta, Martin, and my Gamma, Sam. I asked them to inform the pack we will have a guest
a guest stay. If I know my pack, they will all be excited about the prospect of getting to know you,” he ank. “How do you feel about 117”
“To be honest, I’m nervous. It’s been a long while since I’ve been in pack,” I admitted.
“Don’t worry, it will be like riding a bike. I can tell you have a good, solld upbringing on how to you back if I thought you wouldn’t be a good fit,” he told me. I nodded.
wolf. I wouldn’t have brought
We continued to drive for miles until the afternoon. The mountains that had been a backdrop in the town I lived in, were now right in front of us and the thick forests spread out like a carpet all around them. Finlay turned off from the main road and we headed out into the forest. After a mile or so a checkpoint appeared, the mic and woman manning it greeted the truck and let it pass.
“Welcome to Blue mountain pack, Finlay said,
“Thank you,” I responded, I hadn’t expected to feel anything when we drove onto the pack land. It wasn’t my pack. I had no
1 connections to this land. But there was a slight vibration running through me. A faint reminder of how it felt to drive on to
the
pack land back home.
“This is us. Most of the pack live in, or close to the village,” Finlay told me as I saw the trees thin and open up in a large clearing. In the clearing, there was a village. The focal point was a large timber house, three stories tall, and in front of it was a square opening where people moved back and forth. There looked to be on main road leading through the village, it was lined with shops. The rest of the village was made up of different types of small houses, all of them with gardens. Running behind the pack house and along that side of the village was a creek. It looked idyllic. “That’s the pack house, if you didn’t already guess it. Most of the single wolves of age live in the pack house. We provide a small apartment to all pack members who need it, free of charge. The first two months the food is included, then we expect members to either buy their food and cook for themselves, or contribute their part to the communal food budget,” Finlay explained.
“That’s generous of you,” I told him. He shrugged as he drove to the parking lot next to the pack house.
“It gives pack members a chance to save up to build a house of their own. It’s a good thing for the pack.” We got out of the truck and at once there were happy greetings being called out towards Finihy. He smiled and returned them and waved at some. “Grab your bag and follow me. There should be a guest room made up for you. I just need to find my Beta to know which one,” he told me. I nodded and grabbed the bag I had packed last night and followed him. Curious eyes were following me as I walked next to Finlay, but I felt no hostility.
“Alpha, welcome back,” a deep voice called.
“Martin, just the man I’m looking for. I see you haven’t managed to burn the place to the ground when I was away,” Finlay laughed.
“I’m twice the Alpha you are, Alpha,” Martin laughed and then he looked at me.
“Martin, this is Amie, the guest I was telling you about. Amie, this is Martin, the pack’s Beta,” Finlay introduced us.
“Beta,” I said and bent my head how it was expected when greeting someone of higher rank. It wasn’t a conscious decision, it was pure muscle memory.
“Nice to m
meet you, Amie. Hey, man, I thought you said she was a lone wolf,” Martin said.
“Even
us lone wolves can have manners,” I said. Martin looked at me with surprise and then he laughed.
1/2
Chapter 8-2
*I think I like you, Amle. I had the guest room on the second floor erlooking the crock made up,” he said.
Thanks, man, lill just get Amle settled and then I’ll come find you, Pinlay said. He took me up to a homey room. It smelled clean and had an airy feel to it, with white and helge decor and large windows letting the sunlight in. “I’m sorry to just leave you. But I beed to check in with Martin and Sam,” he apologised to me.
“It’s okay, I could do with a moment to freshen up and get used to the feeling of being surrounded by wolves again,” I told him. It was true. Even though I didn’t belong to this pack and therefore didn’t have the pack bond, I could still feel the faint buzzing of the pack’s connection to each other and the pack land. The once familiar feeling now felt uncomfortable and highly noticeable.
“You have your own bathroom through that door. I’ll be back as soon as I can and show you around. It shouldn’t be more than thirty minutes,” Finlay told me.
“It’s fine, take your time,” I told him. With a final look and a nod, he left out a breath and relaxed.
alone in the room and I sank down on the bed and let
Chapter Comments
POST COMMENT NOW
<SHARE
2/2
Game of Destiny
Chapter 9-1 
###Battle of Fate 9
Chapter 9-1 
I couldn’t belleve I was in a park house again. I had told myself I shild stay away from the werewolf community. But something about Finlay had made me give in. Maybe 1 finally had met someone as stubborn as myself. I reminded myself this was just a way to make him leave me alone. I would stay for a few days, then turn his ffer down and continue living my own life. In the little town where no one knew who or what I was and that was how I wanted Right? I got up and made my way into the bathroom. A hot shower would be nice after the long ride, and it couldn’t hurt to look at least a little presentable when meeting the pack. Not that I wanted to impress anyone, it was just ingrained into me since childhood that when meeting a new pack, you showed the best version of yourself. It was about politeness. At least that is what I to myself as I was getting ready. I had enough time to shower and get dressed. Then I watched the amazing view of the creek with the wildflowers growing along it. I sat by the large windows for ten minutes before there was a knock on the door. I opened it and l Finlay in.
“Ready to check out the pack land and say hi to some pack member” he asked.
“Sure, that’s why
why I’m here,” 1 told him.
“Do you mind if Martin and Sam join us? They are curious about you and It’s rare we get new wolves,” he said.
“No, that’s fine by me,” I told him and did my best to mask my nervis. It was uncomfortable to be around strange wolves, and I wondered how much Finlay had told them about me. Did they all know that I had no wolf? I followed Finlay downstairs, where Martin waited with another man. This new wolf had hair almost as red as my own. He was pale with freckles and had a look more suited for a rascal than a Gamma. I was introduced to him and I had guessed correctly, he was the pack’s Gamma.
“Finlay, someone else with red hair!” he happily exclaimed. “Medow, my mate will love you,” he added. I couldn’t help but laugh and
decided I liked Gamma Sam from the start. The three men took me on a short tour around the pack house. Making sure I know where the important things were. Then they took me outside and started introducing me to other wolves. All while joking and taking puns out of each other. I found myself relaxing in their company and it made me remember growing up and the friend group I had belonged to. Until one of them broke my heart. I unconsciously rubbed my chest, like I always did when thinking of James. The pain wasn’t as sharp as it had been. But I would have hoped it would have gone away by now. Maybe the moon goddess would be kind enough to give me a second chance mate. But it didn’t look like that was in my cards.
“Are you okay?” Finlay asked. He looked worried. 
“I’m fine,” I told him and let my smile slip into place. I was used to hiding the hurt by now. It was my second nature. He looked at me a little longer and then nodded. We had walked through the centre of the village. Everything looked well kept and the pack felt happy and content. As far as I could see, this was a good pack. It had the same vibe as I picked up from Finley. Relaxed, caring and strong. It showed how much influence an Alpha had on his pack.
“I suggest we head for the communal kitchen and end our tour with pack dinner,” Finlay suggested.
“Yes please. Medow has kitchen duty and I have been away from her for too long, Sam exclaimed.
“Newly mated wolves,” his two friends said as one and rolled their eyes. I had to laugh. In the kitchen, we found a small woman with brown hair in a pixie cut that made her look adorable.
“Medow, honey,” Sam called out. The woman turned around and gave him a brilliant smile.
“Babe!” she called and gave him a wave before returning to cooking
“Come, I’ll introduce you,” Sam told me and took my hand to tow me through the kitchen.
Honey, Finlay brought a guest home with him. She is thinking of joining the pack,” Sam said as we walked up behind his mate. Medow twirled around and her mouth fell open as she stared at us.
1/2 
Game of Destiny
Chapter 9-2 
“The two of you could be twins,” she said with a smile. “Hello, I’m Medow,” she added and held out her hand towards her. I shook it and introduced myself. “So the boys have been showing you around? she then asked.
“Poor thing, you must be in need of some decent company. You can ave her with me, babe, I’ll take it from here,” she told her
mate. 
“But, honey, the Alpha wanted her to eat with us. Sam tried to obj
“Do you think I will hog tie our guest in the walk–in freezer? Of course she will eat with us. But the food won’t be ready for at least thirty minutes. So scoot, go do something useful and I’ll take care . Amle.”
“Is it okay with you? Sam asked. I could see he wanted to please himate, but at the same time obey his Alpha and respect me as a guest. Poor thing didn’t know what to do.
“I think it sounds like an amazing idea,” I told him. He relaxed and smiled at his mate. They kissed, two times, and then Medow shooed him away.
“He is sweet and I love him to death. But he is a tad bit clingy,” she confided in me. I laughed.
Tell me a mated wolf that isn’t when it co
comes to his mate, I joked and felt the pang in my chest. Medow laughed with me.
“Come, I’ll introduce you to the matriarch of the pack. We don’t have a Luna, since Finlay isn’t mated, but his aunt is the one female everyone looks up to. She’ll like you,” Medow told me and we walked deeper into the kitchen. “Matilda,” Medow called out. An older woman appeared from a door and smiled at them. There was a likeness to her nephew. They had the same kind eyes, I decided.
“Yes?” Matilda asked and looked at me.
“This is Amie, she is a guest of Finlay,” Medow introduced me.
“Nice to meet you. I’m Matilda. Finlay is my sister’s son,” the woman said, and we shook hands. “Is my nephew trying to recruit you to the pack?” she then asked. I was a little taken aback by her straightforwardness, but I liked it.
“He is,” I told her.
“Well then. Let’s get to know each other. Can you cook?” I smiled at her. As the Beta’s daughter, I had been expected to help out with all the different communal tasks in the pack before I left. I may not be a master chef, but I did manage to cook good, edible
food.
“I can,” I therefore said.
“Excellent.” She pointed to a workstation filled with vegetables that would become a garden salad. I nodded and picked up the knife and started working. Medow started mixing ingredients for a dressing and Matilda was frying patties as we all talked and got to know each other. Half an hour later, the food was done, and the kitchen was filled with pack members helping to carry the food to the tables: Medow and Matilda guided me to a table where Finlay, Sam and Martin sat. We joined them and Finlay smiled at me.
hope my aunt didn’t push you too hard?” he asked. Both Matilda and I snorted at the same time, which made Medow laugh.
“Please, I don’t overwork guests, Matilda ed.
“I’m not as fragile as I seem,” I ed.
1/2
Chapter 9-2
“Amle was kind enough to help while we got to know each other, Matilda told him.
“It was nice and relaxing.” I said.
I stand corrected. I’m happy to hear it went well,” Finlay told us. Dinner was great. It had been a while since I sat down and ate with a pack. I forgot how nice it was not having to eat alone. It was like I always ate alone in the town either. Sometimes i invited Cece over, or we sat down and ate at dinner. But it wasn’t the same. After dinner, the group took me to the game room. We played pool, and it was just a lot of fun. After I tried to hide my second yawn, Finlay offered to escort me back to my room. I said good night to everyone, and we left.
“It looks like you are having a good time,” Finlay pointed out as were walking.
“I am. It has been nice to be amongst a pack again,” I confessed. Helled again.
“Told you.”
“Fine, you might have been right,” I admitted, “It doesn’t change w
“It doesn’t,” he agreed. “But I don’t see why it would matter. You like it here, the pack likes you. When aunt Matilda likes someone, I know they are a good person. She never holds back if she thinks someone isn’t good enough for the pack. And she has high standards,” he told me.
That’s sweet of her. I like her too. I just don’t know.”
“No need to make a decision tonight. It’s been a long day with a lot of new things. All I ask is that you keep your mind open and let the pack get to know you. Tomorrow is the full moon celebration. You and I can have a talk the day after that and figure out what
you will do,” he told me.
“I can do that,” I said as we got to my room.
“Good. Sleep tight and I will see you for breakfast. Should I come and get you?” he asked. 
“No. I can find my way. Eight o’clock?”
“That’s right. See you then. Good night.”
“Good night, Finlay.”
Chapter Comments
7
POST COMMENT NOW
SHARE
###Battle of Fate 10
Game of Destiny
Chapter 10-1 
alked into my room and got ready for bed. Even though I was tire, my mind wasn’t ready to go to sleep. I sat down in the chair by the window and looked out over the creek. The moon hung over the treetops and made the water glisten. It was a beautiful view. I thought about the day, how nice it had been to be surrounded by a back again. Even if it wasn’t my pack. There were a lot of things I missed about being in a pack. I just never let myself think about it. It would be too painful. But now, I have to think about it. And truth be told. I had seventeen years and three hundred and sixty–four days of mostly good memories of being in a pack. And one day of bad memories, of feeling out of place and as a burden. Why had I let that one day taint all the others? I knew the answer. Because that one day had shown me the rest had been a lie to some extent. The pack had promised I was loved, safe and would have a place with them as long as I contributed to the pack and didn’t break any of the rules. But in one swoop, all of that had proved to be untrue. I had been threatened to be shipped off to another pack. Pack members that were as close to me as my family had turned their back to me. All because I wasn’t like them. It had made me see my time in the pack as a deceit and I was too fragile to go through it all again. I was barely over the first betrayal. Did I have it in me to put the pieces back together if it happened again? But this time it was different, I told myself. This time Finlay would know what I was, that I wasn’t strong. If the pack accepted me, they would do so
we had our talk by the lake, 1 While knowing everything. No, not everything. I had kept things back from Finlay. Because when
we had our talk by the lake, I never thought I would seriously consider his offer. If I were to consider his offer, I needed to tell him everything. There would be no mate to reject me in this pack. If I was accepted here for who I am, then I could stay. The thought of belonging to a pack again made my head spin. I hadn’t known how strongly I wanted it. How much I needed the pack bond and to be part of something bigger. I decided I would ask to talk to Finlay the next day and if he didn’t turn me away for being less than completely honest. I would seriously consider becoming a part of this pack.
As I walked down to breakfast the following morning, a couple of pad members recognised me and greeted me. It felt nice. Some of them even introduced me to others. When I reached the table where Martin and Finlay sat, I had gained a shadow in the form of a six–year–old pup named Cadence,
“Good morning,” I said as I took a seat at the table.
|_ “Morning,” they both greeted me
“Hello there, Cadence, Finlay said.
Hello th
“Hi, Alpha,” the boy said with a smile.
“Do you want to join us?” ind Cadence parents.
“No thank you, I need to eat with my
“Maybe,” I said. He waved and ran back to sit next to his che
“Gathering fans already? Finlay asked. I laughed, he wo convenation was just as nice as the
all the things they thought I needed to getting ready to get up, I found the courage and nodded 
(yes, but then he looked at Finlay and then back towards his
poned by Matilda Sam and Medow were the last to sit down. The
L?ed pack business, Medow and Matilda let me know
maig. As we had eaten and were
He looked at gur für
Chapter Comments
POST COMMENT NOW
<SHARE
1/1
Game of Destiny
Chapter 10-2 
“How about a walk and I can show you where the celebrations will take place while we talk?” he asked. I nodded, and we said goodbye to the rest of the group. Finlay took me along a gravelled pith that led into the forest. Even though it was early, pack members were walking back and forth on the path, carrying things. Everyone was getting ready for the full moon. “This is where we celebrate most of our big events,” Finlay told me. We had reached a Big clearing. On one side of it, the creek ran. In the middle there was a large fire pit and around it there were logs and wooden benches to sit on. Pack members were setting up foldable tables at one end of the clearing and others were chopping wood and piling it by the firepit. “Let’s go this way, it’s less busy,” he told me and I followed him along a dirt track into the forest. When we had let everyone behind us, I took a deep breath and savoured the
forest scents.

I haven’t been completely honest with you,” I started.
“No?”
“No. I didn’t think it would matter, because I never thought I would accept your offer:”
“But that has changed?” he asked, trying to hide a smile.
“Maybe, I won’t know unless I tell you everything,” I said. We had come to a viewpoint. We were standing on a place of raised land, looking out over a slope that led down to a river. On the other side there was more rich forest and then the mountain. It was a beautiful spot. “The reason I left my old pack was not only because of my latency,” I told him. He was quiet, but when 1 glanced his way, I saw all his attention was on me. “I was the daughter of the Beta. I grew up with the son of the Alpha, the daughter of the Gamma and my older brother. We were as close as you can get. We were the future of the pack. The Alpha and Gamma were
like my uncles. I grew up knowing they would protect me, just like my father would. When my wolf didn’t come to me, they all assured me it didn’t matter, that I was good enough as I was. And I mostly believed them.” I paused and took a deep breath. We were heading into painful territory and I needed to brace myself. “I turned eighteen the day after a full moon. The pack was gathered to celebrate the moon and my mother and the Luna brought out a surprise birthday cake for me at the stroke of midnight. And I found my mate, the son of the Alpha, James.” His name came out as a whisper. I hadn’t spoken it out loud in four years and it twisted the dagger in my heart.
-you f
found your mate?” I looked up at Finlay and I could see he hadn’t meant the question to
spoken out loud.
“I did, and in the next heartbeat he was rejecting me. I wasn’t strong enough to be his Luna,” I said, and I could hear the bitter notes in my voice. Finlay drew in a sharp breath and looked at me like he had a hard time believing in me. “After that, things changed. I overheard my father talk to the Alpha. The man that had been like a second father to me told my father it would be best if I was sent away from the pack. To spare both me and his son the pain when James would choose a new mate. I heard my mother and the Luna being at odds with each other and how much hurt was in my brother’s voice. The pack that I thought would always have my back, that would protect me, turned their back on me. My parents and brother were paying the price.”
“So you left,” he said in a soft voice. I had been looking at the river, but now I turned to face him.
“I did. To protect myself and my family. They could heal once I was gone, and hopefully save their relationship with their pack and
friends.”
“Do you keep in contact with them?”
“No. My father would come for me if he knew where I was. I send them birthday cards every year. But I drive to another state to send them. Hiding my tracks as best I can.” I had never told anyone this before.
###Battle of Fate 11
Chapter 11-1 
“I’m sorry,” he said. I shrugged, as if it wasn’t a big deal. But it was. A single tear rolled down my cheek and I rubbed it away, “I have no words for how your matte treated you. You are not weak, Arr. You survived a rejection from your true mate, you survived leaving your pack and you built a life for yourself. You are strong. And if he couldn’t see it, then he is a fool and his pack will be weaker because of it. If you join my pack, we will be there when you need us. We have been through what you have. We chose to leave our old pack to seek a better life. This pack has a strong hand care for our own and physical strength isn’t the measurement we use to value a pack member. I was right when I felt like you would be a good fit for us. If you have been raised in a Beta household, you must have learnt things. None of the top ranks,ncluding me, have had formal training for our roles. We could use someone like you. But I won’t make you choose now. Let’s stick the plan to take the day as it comes and we’ll have another talk tomorrow. Okay?” 1 looked up at Finlay.
“You’re not going to ask me to leave?” I asked. He chuckled.
“Because you didn’t tell me everything? You had known me for less than thirty minutes, I don’t expect that kind of loyalty. I’m honoured that you shared it with me now,” he told me, 1 nodded.
“Then I would like to stick to the plan,” I said.
“I’m happy to hear it, Amie.”
“Armeria,” I said, and it sounded foreign. He looked at me. “It’s my full name.” He smiled and nodded.
“Armeria,” he said, and it sounded nice coming from him. “Matilda has been insisting she get to show you around today. Is that
okay?” he asked.
“It is. I like her,” I told him as we turned around to head back.
“She can be intimidating, but she is an amazing wolf. We are lucky that she joined us,” he said.
Hours later, we were all sitting by a roaring fire. Pups were running round playing and elderly wolves were telling tales about past glory. It amused me how much it was the same as it had been in my former pack. I fell back into my old habits as I helped hand out blankets to those that needed and I offered to look after the pups when everyone was going to shift. Matilda frowned at me.
“Why aren’t you joining in the fun?” she asked. I realised no one had told them about me.
“I’m latent,” I said. Matilda burst out laughing, the last response I had expected. Then she stopped and looked at me.
“You are serious?” she asked.
“Aunt, careful,” Finlay said as a warning. She waved him off.
“I am.” I said.
“Dear, why on earth would you think that? I can feel your wolf,” she asked.
“I think you are feeling my nature, not my wolf. I’m twenty–two and my wolf has yet to show herself. If I have a wolf, she is probably too weak to break through,” I said.
“Now, this is just nonsense. Why would you have e a weak wolf?”
“Everyone knows that a strong wolf will come to you early. I’m almost at the point when all hope is lost.” I didn’t expect to have to defend why I had a weak wolf.
“Most strong wolves tend to come early,” she agreed. “But there are strong wolves that bide their time. No one knows why. Maybe
1/2
Chapter 11-1 
they are waiting on something or maybe the conditions aren’t right about you. Not in your person, pol in your wolf. Mark my word, it wi
have spent the day with you, Amié. There is nothing weak come, Matilda said with confidence,
“That is enough, aunt,” Finlay said. He looked at me with worry. Iderstood he didn’t want to give me false hope, and I appreciated it. It had been hard to accept my fate and there wasn’t rom for false hope.
“Very well,” she said with a nod. The topic was changed but during the next hour or so, many of the parents accepted my offer to watch over the pups. Cadence was thrilled, I promised him I would tell him some of the old stories my mother had told me when I was little and we could have snacks while we waited for the rest of pack to returi, It wasn’t long before Finlay stood up. The
surrounding conversations stopped.
Chapter Comments
Sfayz
This put tears in my eyes W
VIEW 1 COMMENT >
6
<SHARE
POST COMMENT
2/2
Game of Destiny
Chapter 11-2 
“it’s the fall moon. Let’s head for the forest and run, Finlay said and there were cheering and people started walking into the forest. “Will you be okay?” he asked me.
“Of course she will be,” Matilda huffed. “I’ll keep her company and help her keep an eye on the savages,” she added. Finlay looked at me and I gave him a smile and a nod. He headed for the forest, I stopped at the edge to look back before disappearing into the darkness. I held up my promise to Cadence and he and the other pups got to choose snacks, and sat down all around me and Matilda as I started to tell the old tales. After two stories, the younger pups had snuggled into blankets and were sleeping. The older ones were running around, enacting the battle scenes, “You have a good hand with pups,” Matilda said.
“I have had a lot of training. As I don’s shift, I stayed behind with the pups in my old park,” I told her. I was starting to get warm. Maybe I was sitting too close to the fire?
“How old were you when you left your own pack?“Matilda asked.
“Eighteen.” I looked around, making sure none of the pups were close by. “I was rejected by my mate,” I said. She looked as shocked as Finlay had.
“And you doubt your strength? You will find your way and I’m sure the moon will give you a more deserving mate,” she told me and patted my leg. I gave her a smile. She was really sweet.
“Is the fire hot?” I asked, pulling my sweater over my head, leaving the in a tank top.
“Do you feel hot?” she asked.
“Yeah. And a little funky. Maybe I ate too many snacks with the pups-
“How long have you been feeling like this?” she asked, I had to pause and think.
“I have been feeling a little restless all day, like I should remember something, but I have forgotten what. But the heat has only come the last thirty minutes or so,” I told her. She studied me and n?dded.
“It will be fine, just relax and don’t fight against it,” she said.
“Fight against what?” I asked as Finlay stepped out of the tree line. He was only wearing shorts, and I was confused by why he was back in his human form this early. He walked up to me and kneeled down in front of me, and placed a hand on my forehead.
“You are burning up,” he said and looked at his aunt. She nodded. What was that all about? “The others are coming as well,” he told
me.
“Why?” I asked. Then there was a cramp in my stomach which took my breath away.
“You are turning, Armeria. And a pack should surround you when you have your first turn. It helps,” he said. I just stared at him like he had spoken Martian.
“Turning?” I asked.
“Your woll is coming,” Matilda softly told me. More and more of the pack were walking out of the forest, all half dressed. Some of them gathered up the pups, others just gathered around us.
“Amie, do you remember what your parents told you about your first shift? Finlay asked me. My focus returned to him. No one had ever talked to me about my first shift. That was not how it was done in my old pack. When someone showed the first signs of shifting, they were taken by their parents or close relatives into the woods and then the next morning they were back. I shook my
head.
1/2
Chapter 11-2 
No one has told me anything I sold as another cramp hit me.
dit nilas the looks being exchanged between Finlay and his
Chapter Comments
Stayz
This put tears in my eyes
VIEW 1 COMMENT
###Battle of Fate 12
Chapter 12-1 
How am I supposed to help Amle through her first shift when no on has told her what to expect? It’s upon her and I don’t know if we have time to explain it all, feel my anger rise at how unfair it is to her. Hasn’t she suffered enough? When she told me the real reason why she had left her old pack, it almost broke my heart. I had known her for a couple of days and I already know she is an amazing wolf. How someone who has grown up with her can’t see it will never know. Her story had also pained me in a whole other way, a way that wasn’t the least logical. She had found her mate, it meant she wasn’t my mate. Which I knew. If she had been, I would have known as soon as I saw her in the diner. But somehow, a small part held out hope. Maybe because she didn’t have her wolf, it hadn’t clicked into place. It was stupid; I knew it didn’t work like that. But a part of me had held out hope, growing a little stronger with each new thing 1 learned about her. It didn’t make sense to be bitter at the moon goddess because she had paired Amie with someone so unworthy of her, instead of pairing her with e. But now was not the time to sulk over it. Amie needed me. She needed the pack. She may not be one of us, but I had hoped she would become one. And no matter what she decided, the first shift was hard and confusing. It was better to have a pack around you. I took her hand and she looked at me.
“Come, let’s go into the woods and I will tell you,” I said. She nodded and got up on shaky legs, Aunt Matilda walked on her other side and the two of us made sure she was steady. Argund us, the pack walked. The ones that had got to know her, walked closest to us. I saw Medow holding a blanket and smiled. They would be there for Amie.
“Let’s stop in the clearing ahead,” my aunt said. I nodded. It was large enough and the forest floor was covered in soft moss. It was a good place.
“Amie, look at me,” I said, and she lifted her forest green eyes to me. “The first shift is not comfortable. Your body temperature will go up to speed up the changes to your body. There will be cramping in your muscles as they start to change. You will feel the bones breaking and rearranging. It isn’t fun, but it’s usually quick once it starts. Once the first time is over, it will never feel like that again. The next time you will hardly feel it,” I explained and saw her eyes grow big with fear.
“It will be fine, child. You are not alone. We will be with you,” my aunt said and guided Amie to sit down. I sat down next to her on the forest floor. She was looking around and her eyes stopped on Cadence.
“Even the pups?” she asked.
“Yes, they need to see and understand so they can be prepared when it’s their turn.” She nodded and closed her eyes as a tremor wrecked through her body. I felt helpless as I could do nothing for her. I had guided several of our younger pack members through their first change. But I had never felt like this before. Maybe it was because she was so unprepared, or maybe because I felt like life had handed her a bad hand until now. I don’t know why, but I struggled with keeping calm. The only thing stopping me from acting out was the knowledge that Amie needed my calm.
“Time to get out of your clothes, dear. Trust me, you don’t want to tear through them and end up walking back to the pack house wrapped in a blanket. Been there, done that, not worth it,” Matilda said. There were soft chuckles from the pack. Most wolves would rip through their clothes one time or another. Nudity wasn’t as big of a deal in werewolf society. But we still avoided going around naked if it could be avoided. Matilda and Medow had helped Amie to stand and were helping her undress. The pack was looking away out of respect and even I lowered my eyes to give her some privacy. When she sank down to the ground next to me, she was wrapped in the blanket Medow had brought.
Chapter Comments
Sfayz
Goosebumps.. Finley was just perfect, I like him and I feel so happy for Amie
Deborah Dawdy
Amie is amazing and stronger than she knows.
VIEW ALL 3 COMMENTS ?
6
SHARE
POST COMMENT
1/1
Game of Destiny 
Chapter 12-2
“Do you have any questions?” I asked her. She looked at me and shook her head. I could see the fear and confusion. “It will be okay. Amnless you count that this means my aunt was right and that is a small catastrophe. She is far too used to being right all the time,” I tried to joke and get a smile from her. When a new set of cramps led through her, the grabbed my hand. “It’s okay, Lay down and try to relax. Don’t fight it. I told hei and she lied down. The pack drew cloter and we all watched her as she did her best to relax. It didn’t take long for the shimmer to appear around her. It was close now. Her body shook and a low whimper escaped her the first sound of snapping bones could be heard. As I watched on th worry, her body changed and her porcelain skin began to disappear under thick fur. Pelore I knew it, the woman had been replaced by a wolf. The only thing visible was its head which was sticking out from the blanket. She was beautiful. The fur around her hate and eyes were a light strawberry blond and got darker the further away from the face it got. I could hardly wait to see the rest of her. “Amie, can you try to sit up?” I asked, knowing it was confusing to be in your other body the first time. She blinked at me with the same green eyes as always and sat up. She swayed a little, but soon became steady. The blanket pooled around her and all got our first look at what hopefully would be our new pack member. Her body was covered in dark red fur, the tip of her tail and her paws were the same light colour as her face.
be
“She is so cute! Cadence exclaimed and everyone chuckled. I could the twinkle in Amie’s eyes and knew she didn’t take offence. But when the pup rushed forward to pet het, I stood up and blocked his path. I caught hint and took him into my arms. Together, we looked down at Amie When I stood, she almost reached my chest, sing down. She wasn’t a small wolf.
“Cadence, we have to respect each other. We don’t touch someone without asking, especially if they are in wolf form and we can’t mindlink with them. Amie is in a very vulnerable place and we need to respect that. She has honoured us by shifting in our presence for the first time,” I told the pup. He looked up at me and then down at Amie, who looked back at him.
“Yes, Alpha. Sorry, Amie,” he said. I smiled and ruffled his hair before letting him down,
“Good boy.” I told him and watched him make his way back to his father. I looked at Amie. “Ready to stand?” I asked. She focused and got her back legs underneath her. She swayed a little and she took a step to the side, her tail balanced the body automatically, but she wasn’t used to the feeling and swirled around, trying to get a look at it. I couldn’t help but to chuckle. She got steadier by the minute. Amie made her way over to where Cadence was standing and she nudged his hand with her nose. He looked at me and I nodded with a smile. With a reverent look in his eyes, he ran his hand over her fur and he squealed.
“She’s so soft,” he told everyone. I felt a moment of jealousy, but pushed it aside. The pack started to shift one by one. They gently walked up to Amie, careful not to overwhelm her, and let their wolves groet her. I stayed in my human form until she had been greeted by the pack.
was 
“Would you like to test those new legs?” I asked her. She yapped happily, and I laughed. I shifted into my dusty blond wolf Ir larger than Amie’s but not by much. Standing, her wolf was almost a tall as both Martin’s and Sam’s. I walked up to her and nudged her to start moving. It was strange to not be able to talk to her. But she got my meaning and started walking. She did well for it being her first time. Matilda had shifted and started walking on the other side of Amie. I let the pack know in the mind link we would take Amie for her first run and they could resume the celebrations. After a while of walking, I urged Amie into a slow trot. My aunt soon got tired and mind linked me she would go back to look after the pups. I told Martin, Sam and Medow to join us. Soon, all five of us were running through the woods. I made sure to keep close to Amie, to make sure she didn’t tire or lose her footing. But she was a natural. Her wolf seemed built for speed and when we sped over the soft forest floor, her eyes glowed with joy. After a while longer, I told the others they could go back to their planned evening. I knew Medow and Sam would need some time alone as a mated pair, and Martin usually had a date set up. I herded Amie to the same viewpoint we had stood on that morning. The moon hung over the river and the stars sparkled. It was as perfect of a night as you could hope for 1 raised my head and howled at the moon. As a thank you for everything she gave us, others joined in and I looked at Amie, who just stood beside me, looking at me. I stopped howling and locked eyes with her and let out another howl. She took a deep breath and then she joined me. The first notes were uncertain, but as her confidence grew, so did her howl.
###Battle of Fate 13
Chapter 13-1 
Howling, I was howling. I was in my wolf form, standing on a hill locking out over the most spectacular view I had ever seen and I’m howling at the moon. There are so many things to unpack in the sentence making me dizzy. But in a good way. The howling died out and I tried to get a look at myself. I was much steadier on my paws and I twisted and turned in an attempt to get a look at my body. I heard a huffing sound and looked over at Finlay’s wolf, did I swear he was laughing. His sand–coloured w?lf is just as mouth watering handsome as his human form. I’m grateful he has been with me through the night. He is a good Alpha. He stood up and trotted over to me and swung his head in a gesture I thought mint he wanted me to follow him. I nodded and he took a small path leading down towards the river. He walked up to the bank and oked down. Curious, I followed and looked down. The water was almost completely still and the dark night sky made it into a minor, I could see myself and I was surprised. Not even my mother, who I had inherited my red hair from, had a wolf who looked like mine. The same red colour as my hair, covers most of my fur. But my face, paws and the end of my tail fade into a cream cold. My green eyes look the same. I’m big, but I had already figured that out, standing almost as tall as Finlay. I had to do some emps just to articulate the joy I felt at that moment. Again, I could swear Finlay was laughing at me. But it’s okay. I was in my wo form and 1 was just brimming with joy and amazement. After a moment, Finlay pointed his nose up along the trail they had come understood it was time to head back and nodded. I was happy to calmly walk beside him through the forest. The night might have en short, but I still needed to figure out how to get into my human body. We got to the place where I changed and Finley changed back to his human form and put on shorts. He smiled down at me and lifted the blanket that was still on the ground. I got the message and let him cover my body. I looked up at him, I had no idea what to do now. He seemed to understand.
“To change back, you just need to focus on your human self, on the feeling of being human,” he told me. He made
it sound easy, so 1 tried to focus on my human side. I felt the same tingles I felt when took on my wolf form, but this time there was, no pain. And then I was lying on my stomach under the blanket, completely naked. “There you go. I knew you would be a natural, Pinlay said 
with a smile..
Thank you. That was…” I started to say, but I didn’t know how to fish the sentence.
“Yeah, that’s how it feels the first time,” Finlay agreed as he handed me my clothes and, like a gentleman, turned around to let me dress. I was a little wobbly on my legs, but I found my balance. When I was dressed I walked up to Finlay and tapped him on the shoulder. He spun around with a smile.
“Thank you,” I said. “Thank you for guiding me through this and not abandoning me.”
“It was my honour,” he told me and I could tell he meant it. We talked as we walked back towards the fire. I found the world slight different. My senses were sharper than they had been. Matilda was sitting in her spot and the pups had quieted down and were either sleeping on spread out blankets or sitting, playing. When Cadence saw us coming, he ran over to us.
“Amie! How was it? Was it as fun as you thought it would be? What did you do? Did you run? Did you hunt? You were so big. I bet you would be awesome at hunting. My dad always kills rabbits for my mom and he will teach me how to when I shift the first time.” He fired off his questions in a rapid sequence and I had to laugh.
“Calm down, little one. Let Amie get a word in,” Finlay said while chuckling.
“Sorry, Alpha,” the pup said. But he was still looking up at me with bright eyes.
1/2
Game of Destiny
Chapter 13-2
“How about we sit down and I will tell you all about it.” I told him and he looked so happy it made me smile as big as him. “Thank ‘you again. I’m all shifted out for tonight, so go and have fun. I’ll read by the fire,” I told Finlay. He hesitated and looked like he wanted to .
“Go on, I’ll keep an eye on her,” Matilda said before he had a chance.
“Okay,” he agreed and then he was heading towards the forest again, I sat down with Cadence and started to tell him about my first shift. I was still in awe that I had a well. I could feel her inside me w. Like a shadow with emotions. Matilda walked over to the table with leftover food and came back with a plate piled high and landed it to me. I had not realised how hungry I was. After I had answered most of Cadence’s questions, I went to town on the food.
“This is amazing, thank you,” I told Matilda between bites, She laughed.
“Shifting always makes you hungry and ten times as much when it’s the first time,” she explained to me. Cadence had joined his
friends, and I could hear him tell them what I had told him.
“You are very open about shifting with the young,” I said. She noddes.
“I have deduced it wasn’t the case in your old pack?” she asked.
“No, it was held as a secret. I have never questioned it, but now I don’t understand why. It would have been nice to know what to _expect,” I told her. She hummed.
“Some packs like to make things more complicated than they are. We’re not like that. A pack takes after their Alpha and Finlay is straightforward and doesn’t like secrets if they don’t serve a purpose It’s why I followed him here. I always thought the gods mixed him and his brother up when it came to birth order. In my humble opinion, It was always clear that Finlay was the natural Alpha. When his brother took over our old pack and Finlay chose not to fight, it was an easy decision. It was the same for most of us. 1 don’t know what my sister was thinking, staying behind. I can understand loving your sons equally, but it shouldn’t blind you the truth,” Matilda said.
to see 
“I’m impressed by all of you. It takes courage to do what you did,” I said. Matilda shrugged.
“Almost as much as it takes to leave your pack behind and create a new life for yourself,” she retorted. I smiled at her.
“I only had myself to think of. You have pups and families and vulnerable people among you,” I pointed out.
“We had, that is what makes up a pack. It takes all of us to create a balanced pack. Jason, Finley’s brother, didn’t see it like that. He wanted a pack with strong warriors, Matilda told me.
“Let’s see how he likes it when all the strong warriors need to figure out who is going to clean the toilets or cook dinner,” I said. Matilda laughed.
“You get it.” She sounded pleased.
“My dad always said the
id the most important tasks in the pac
pack were the ones that no one thinks about until no one does them. Cleaning, cooking, ordering supplies and so on,” I told her. It had been a long time since I talked about my father and it stung my heart.
“He sounds like a good man.”
“He was, the best Beta. At least he seemed like it to me.”
“Finlay has told us not to pressure you, and I won’t. But I will say that this pack needs wolves like you. Seeing you wolf, knowing You have grown up in a Beta family, I can now, with absolute confidence, tell you that you are a strong wolf. You belong in the top tier of the pack, and you have the experience. We ed that. That is all I’m going to say,” she told me. I smiled at her.
1/2
Chapter 13-2
“Thank you for saying It. We fell into silence. It was comfortable sling and looking Inin the flames, hearing the sounds from the forest, from the pack that colebtated the full moon. I knew me shift changed things. It had been fonely living without a pack before. But it had been donble. But now. I could already feel my wolfs restlessness in being alone. She took solace in being surrounded by a pack that I could feel she trusted. But she still was estless about not being part of it. I had been almost convinced 1 should stay in the pack before. But now, now I didn’t see any other option. I wasn’t the least sorry about it. Sure, I would need to say goodbye to my friends, but I had already started making new one in the pack. And here I could shift and run in the woods. without having to look over my shoulder. Then there was Finlay, I to admit I might have a little crush on him. But could someone fault me for that? Who wouldn’t crush on a tall, yummy Ahn who was as sweet as he was strong? I knew nothing would happen between us. He hadn’t found his true mate, and I had. But he was still a good Alpha, I knew I wouldn’t have any issues joining his pack.
Chapter Comments
Game of Destiny
###Battle of Fate 14
The breakfast was served later the day after the full moon. Everyone heeded a sleep–in, and I didn’t . The conversation around the table when we did sit down to eat was focused on ine and my sh. Everyone wanted to know how it felt and tell me i had looked fierce. It was a little embarrassing, but I did my best to listen to them. When we were done, Finlay asked me if I was ready for our talk. I didn’t see the point of postponing it; I had decided the night before.
“Let’s head for my office in my house. It will give us some privacy,” said, casting a meaningful look at the rest of the people around the table. They all looked like they had no idea what he was alking about. Finlay’s house was next to the pack house. It was a good size two–story house with dark shingles and stone corners. 1 had a small porch looking out over the driveway of the pack house. He showed me inside and 1 tried not to be too obvious about rying to look at everything. The inside was cosy, but it didn’t have any of the mementos I was expecting. I was reminded of my mother making jokes about how my father’s apartment had been. practically barren before he met her. I followed Finlay into an officet looked much more personal than the living room had. I guessed he spent more time in his office than the rest of the house, had bookshelves on two of the walls, a desk in front of windows showing his garden and the stream beyond it. There was able with six chairs around it and a whiteboard on the wall. In the corner, two armchairs stood, Finlay gestured to them and I took seat in one of them. It was amazingly comfortable, and I sank
into it.
“So?” he said as he had sat down in the other.
“You want my decision?” I asked, teasing him. He smiled. 
“I do.“1 nodded and turned serious.
I will happily accept your offer,” I told him. His smile turned up and grew brighter.
“I know you would. I’m happy that you did.”
“But I need to be of use to the pack. I’m used to working and I don’t do well at not having things to do,” I added. He nodded.
“Everyone contributes to the pack,” he told me. “If it’s by having a job outside the pack or helping with joint chores, it’s all appreciated.” I nodded. “I think I have another task in mind for you, if you think you are up to it.”
“That piqued my curiosity,” I said. He chuckled.. 
*I would like you to join the pack’s leadership and work with us to improve the pac 
“But there are no openings,” I pointed out. “You have your Beta and Camma.”
pack.” I was stunned.
“I do, and I’m not about to replace them. But I have a feeling you have had a lot more training in taking on such roles than the rest of us. To tell you the truth, in our old pack, those that weren’t groomed to take on a role in the top rank, weren’t allowed to take part in any of those activities. We have been winging it so far with the help of relying on what feels right and my aunt’s advice. I’m going to offer you the role as pack advisor. What do you think?” What did I think? It was true I had spent a lot of time with my father and my uncles while they did their work. And I had listened to my brother and James when they had talked about their training. My Uncle Jonas and my father had given me tasks, as I enjoyed figuring out schedules and putting plans together.
1/2
Game of Destiny
Chapter 14-2
“I can give it a try. We can see if my knowledge can help you and the pack,” I told him. Ite nodded. “And I will need someone to drive me back to town so I can give my notice and pack my things.” He frowned but nodded,
“We can head back today. I’ll help you pack and if you don’t have room in your car, suggested.
we can put the rest of your things in mine,” he
“I appreciate it. My holiday is over tomorrow and I can’t just leave. Ce and Mrs Jones deserve more than that. I need to hand in my resignation and work until Mrs Jones finds a replacement,” I told him. I could see he didn’t like it. He thought about it for a while.
“Okay, I can understand you have obligations you can’t just abandon You are loyal, it’s a good quality. I’ll get you back there today and then you will give me a call when you have talked to your boss and we will arrange when you can come back home.”
“I can make the drive back here on my own. I don’t own that much and my car is more than capable of holding it all,” I said. He shook his head. 
“You will call me and I will send someone,” he insisted.
“Yes, Alpha,” I said. Finlay looked at me as I used his title as my Alpha for the first time. Then a grin appeared on his face and he nodded.
Good. That takes us to your bloodening. Do you want to wait for the next full moon?” he asked. The bloodening was the ceremony you went through to become part of a pack you hadn’t been born into.
“Could we do it sooner? My wolf feels restless without a pack, and I guessing it will get worse when I go back to town. I don’t want to extend her suffering any more than necessary.” I told him honestly.
“We can do it as soon as you come back. Do you think that will be enough? We can do it before you leave as well,” he offered.
“I think it would be worse to make her part of the pack and then make her leave. But as soon as I’m back sounds good.” 
“Let me know if it gets out of hand when you are away. Even before the ceremony, I am your Alpha, I want you to know that you can always rely on me.”
“Thank you, I will.”
“Good. Now, on to the next topic. Living arrangements. Are you looking to build a house? There is plenty of room in the village,” he told me. I hadn’t thought about that. And it wasn’t a decision I wanted to make on a whim.
“I’m happy to take a room in the pack house for now,” I said. He nodded.
“Do you like the room you’re in?” he asked.
“It’s an amazing room,” I said.
“Then we decide it will be yours,” he decided.
“Thank you, Alpha.”
“think that is all for now. If you don’t have any questions?”
No, no questions at the moment.”
1/2
Chapter 142
“Good. Li may pop up, call me or send me a text. How about we head over to the pack house and tell everyone you are staying? Then we should get on the road,” he told me.
It stands good. We walked back to the pack house. Martin, Sam, Medow and Matilda were walling for us in the entrance hall.
“So?” Medow asked.
“So what?” Finlay teased. The three younger wolves groaned, but Mililda smilled.
“I’m staying,” I confessed. There was a loud cheering, and 1 found reyself in the middle of a group hug.
*1 knew you would. This will be so amazing.” Medow told me.
Chapter Comments
Stayz
ddd I’m so pleased with this reading..as always with you my fab author
VIEW 1 COMMENT
8 
SHARE
2/2
Game of Destiny
Chapter 14-3 
“Did you ask her about the thing? Sam asked. Finlay laughed.
“I did, and she accepted the position as advisor,” he told the group. Both Martin and Sam looked pleased.
“What are we waiting for? We’ll loot the freezer and have an lee cream party to celebrate,” Sam suggested. I smiled at him.
“I need to head back to town for a while, 1 need to get my affairs in order and pack my things,” I explained.
“Til give her a ride there and come right back,” Finlay explained.
“We are sending her out there all alone?” Martin asked.
“Hey, you make it sound like you are sending me intran enemy cam. It’s a sleepy small town where I have lived for four years and where I have friends. It will be alright,” I promised.
“But what about your wolf? She needs to run,” Medow pointed out.
“I’m sure Amie will be back long before the need gets urgent,” Matilda told everyone.
“Goddess, yes,” I agreed.
“I’ll make sure the pack knows,” Martin offered.
“And if I know my mate and your aunt, they will plan some kind of homecoming party already,” Sam said, kissing Medow on her
chock.
“I’m looking forward to it,” I told them, and found that it was the truth. “I’ll just run up to the room and grab the keys to my apartment,” I told Finlay. He nodded
Before I know, we were heading back to the town I had spent four years trying to build a life in. It was odd that I felt like the pack land was more home after three days, than the town ever had.
“Are you going to be alright? Finlay asked me as we got closer. We had spent most of the drive in a comfortable silence. “I know we, myself included, get over enthusiastic when we think of you joining the pack. We forget you have a life outside the pack and you need to say goodbye to it.”
“It’s okay. I have made some amazing friends. But it can’t compare to being in a pack. I hadn’t realised it until thinking of going back. But it feels like these four years have been a standby period in my life. It has been okay, but I was waiting for something else.”
“You were waiting for us,” he said, as if it was the most natural thing in the world. Maybe it was. As the town came into view, it looked different. Smaller and lonelier. Finley drove me almost to the point his truck scraped the stairs to my apartment.
“Thank you for the ride,” I told him. 
“You’re not even going to invite me in for coffee?” he joked. I laughed and punched his arm.
“You need to get back to the pack. I have taken up too much time already.”
“Fine. But you better keep in touch, Red, We’ll be back to make sure you get home safe,” he said. The new nickname surprised me, but I didn’t hate it.
Yes, Alpha. And it goes both ways. Let me know you get home safe
1/2
Chapter 14-3
Scared I’ll get hurt?” he asked.
“More like I have standards. I need to know If someone else is taking over the pack and if I can stand them as my Alpha.”
“Ouch, 1 feel a little hurt.”
“You’ll survive. Drive safe, Finlay. And thank you for insisting that ome and visit,” I said and opened my
door.
“Best four dinners and breakfast I ever spent money on, Red,” he to me before driving away. Watching him leave made me feel strangely empty. Then I shrugged it off and headed into my apartment to list things I needed to do before I could leave.
Chapter Comments
Sfayz
ddd I’m so pleased wih this reading..as always with you my fab author
VIEW 1 COMMENT
POST COMMENT
8
< SHARE
2/2
Game of Destiny
POST COMMENT
###Battle of Fate 15
Chapter 15-1 
Finlay called me when he got home, even though I had said a text would do. We talked for an hour as I walked around my apartment and packed my things in a random order. Nothing I would need to stay in town for a week or two. He asked me how I was feeling. My first instinct was to tell him was okay. But I remembered himling me to be honest, so I was. I told him it felt off being back, like a part of me was missing and my wolf was anxious and on high ert. Like the sweetheart he is, he offered to send Sam and Medow to keep me company, But I turned down the offer. I had done this before, and I knew it was temporary this time. I just needed my wolf to understand it as well.
The next morning, I got ready and headed down to the bakery. I had thought about how I should tell the sisters about leaving. After years of knowing them, I knew that once I told one, the other would know within two minutes.
“Amie! I have missed seeing that lovely
ely face,” Mrs Andersen said as came downstairs,
“Hello, it’s nice to see the place still standing. I told her. She laughe
“Nothing changes in this town, and if it does, it takes a lot longer than three days. Here, I have fixed you some coffee and blueberry scones for you.”
“You’re an angel. I’m heading over to the diner.”
“Don’t tell me that slave driver o
of a sister of mine is making you work the early shift?” Mrs Andersen huffed.
“Xo ma’am. I just need to get some gossip from CeCe,” I told her and walked away before she could ask more questions and punch more holes in my weak lie. As I walked into the diner, the cook greeted me and when they heard him, Mrs Jones and CeCe came rushing back to give me a hug and say welcome home. It felt bitter sweet. “Mrs Jones, do you have a minute or two to talk?” I asked. 
“Alway, honey. Let me just place Frank’s breakfast order and then we can sit down,” she told me. I nodded and grabbed a table in the corner. She soon joined me with a cup of coffee in her hand. I sipped on the coffee her sister had made me and gathered my thoughts.
“Mrs Jones, I don’t know if I have ever told you how grateful I am that you took a chance on me the day when I arrived here. I was lost, and you gave me a way to earn money and a place to stay. It really means a lot to me,” I started.
“I’m happy I did. Workers like you are scarce. Why am I getting the feeling you’re trying to say goodbye?” She was as insightful as
“My vacation,” I started.
“The first and only vacation you have taken in four years and that just coincided with a hot man stubbornly courting you?” Mrs Jones asked.
“Yes, that one.” She laughed. “I got an offer for a new position. It’s a good opportunity and at first I was going to turn it down, but now I have accepted. I need to hand in my notice. I’m sorry, but I can stay and work until you find someone to replace me,” I told her. She nodded. 
“There is no one to replace you. But I think I can persuade Laura to come work here. I would be grateful if you could stay a week from her starting, to help train her.”
“Of course. It’s the least I can do,” I agreed.
“Good, I appreciate it. So, this man of yours. Does he treat you right?” she asked.
“It’s nothing romantic between F
Finlay and me. But he treats me good. I told her. She smiled and nodded,
“I won’t say I won’t be sorry to see you go. You are my best employee and a damned good girl. But I think you are doing the right
1/2
Chapter 15-1
thing. You were never meant to end up here permanently. You are to good for a place like this, I always knew you were passing by. But I’m happy we got four years at least,”
“I’m happy as well,” I told her, Even if the town seemed to gnaw on
my sore spots at the moment, I knew I would look back on
my time here as positive and a turning paint in me finding and accepting myself.
Chapter Comments
6
POST COMMENT NOW
< SHARE
2/2
Game of Destiny
Chapter 15-2 
“Let’s not make this old woman cry, I will talk to Laura and let you know when she can start. And I’m sending CeCe over. I’m guessing you want to talk to her as well?
“Yes, thank you Mrs Jones.” CeCe came skipping over, filled with exciting news of what had been going on for the last three days. happily let her talk and soaked up her overflowing positivity. As soon as I told CeCe I was leaving, her cheery mood vanished and she looked at me with puppy dog eyes. I felt like I hai kicked a pupu
“You’re leaving? Why?” she asked.
just my time. The job Finlay offered was just too good to tum down.” I said,
“Finlay, that’s that hot guy who didn’t give up until you agreed to meet him, right?” CeCe asked.
“Right.”
“I see, well than I approve, kind of. I rolled my eyes as she did something on her phone.
“It’s not like that.” I told her,
“Aha, sure it’s not.”
“No, seriously, it’s not. He belongs to someone else.” It wasn’t a lie. Even if Finlay was single, he had a waiting.
a mate
out there somewhein
“What? He’s not single? What the fuck was he flirting with you for then? CeCe said, clearly outraged on my behalf.
“He wasn’t flirting.
ting. It’s a little complicated to explain. But he has a connection to my family and recognised me. He wanted to offer me a job, that’s all.” It was as close to the truth as I could go, and CeCe looked at me for a long time before nodding. The door to the diner opened, and Jessi stormed in and headed straight to our table. Now I knew what CeCe had been doing on her phone.
“You’re leaving?” he asked as he stood next to me and stared down.
am,” I told him.
“I don’t like it,” he said and sank down on a 
chair.
“Why not?” I asked.
“There are a lot of weirdos out there, Amie. If you leave, I can’t keep an eye on you,” he said. I had to smile at him.
“That is sweet in a chauvinistic kind of way. But I’m a big girl, I can take care of myself. I’m more worried about you. Have you two sorted things out?” I asked to distract them. The way they both turned bright red told me they hadn’t. “Yeah, I thought so. Look, it’s easy. Jessie, you like CeCe, like a lot. But you’re worried your reputation as the town flirt will deter her. CeCe, you have had a crush on Jessi since forever. But you are afraid he doesn’t take you seriously, but as just another hook up. You are good together, you respect each other and I’m not going to tell you what to do. But in my opinion you need to sit down and talk about it. Otherwise, life will pass you by and you will both end up old and with a lot of what–if questions.” I felt quite happy about my little speech. It had the desired effect of drawing the focus away from me leaving and all the questions they could have about it. We spent a couple of moments in silence as CeCe and Jessie tried not to look at each other, and then ended up smiling each time they caught the other one doing so. I felt like a third wheel but was rescued when Mrs Jones walked over to us. She gave the two lovebirds a questioning look and then rolled her eyes at me. I smiled.
a week an
and
*I talked to Laura, she can start on Monday. Does that work?” she asked me. It would mean I needed to stay in town for a
half. That was not as bad as I had feared.
1/2
Chapter 15-2
“Sounds good to me, I confited. After that, I just sat around and people watched. There was nothing wrong with the rumour mill In the town. Sohn everyone of the locals knew I was leaving, and the walked over to my table to exchange a few words, telling me It was sad to se me go. It was a nice feeling. Even Mrs Andersen stopped by..
“I’m sorry I didn’t tell you this morning. I wanted your sister to be first one to know,” I told her.
“Oh, that’s okay, my dear. Am I right in g
guessing that sexy plece of an that dropped you off yesterday is the reason for all of this?” she asked and wiggled her eyebrows. It was a little unnerving to hear that coming from her, but I smiled.
“To some extent. But not in an eyebrow wiggling way. He offered mij job,” I told her.
“Sure, sure. My sister told me as much. But we aren’t blind, you know. We see things.” I just smiled and shook my head. I changed for my shift in the bathroom and was almost feeling nostalgic about knowing I had a limited amount of days left to put on the mint green uniform. When I ended my shift, I walked home and sent a te to Finlay, letting him know when my last day was. It took him two minutes and then he called.
“I’ll be collecting you on the Saturday after next,” he said.
*You know, you can send someone else. I don’t have much stuff, most of my furniture I can donate as the room in the pack house has everything I need,” I said.
Il be easier for me.”
“Don’t even try. I know the way, so it will
“Sure, or there are these things called GPS nowadays, 1 teased him.
“Are you trying to get rid of me, Red?” he asked.
“Never. But I would think an Alpha would have better things to spend their time on than collecting me and my boxes,” I told him.
“Nice try. I’m not giving you an out until I have blooded you,” he joked. We ended up talking for almost three hours. It was nice to have his company, even if it wasn’t in person. It helped with the anxiety my wolf felt being away from what she clearly saw as her pack.
Chapter Comments
6
POST COMMENT NOW
<SHARE
###Battle of Fate 16
Chapter 16-1
The week and a half both passed by quickly and seemed to stretch for an eternity. Laura turned out to be a natural at waiting. tables and she soaked in what, I had to teach her in no time. It eased my guilty conscience a little, as I knew I wouldn’t be ditching Mrs Jones and CeCe with a heavier workload. My last shift in the diner was an evening shift and as soon as the last paying customer had eaten their dinner, Mis Jones announced the diner was closed. my surprise, most of the town then flooded in as CeCe announced it was my goodbye party. It was a wonderful evening and even got a little teary–eyed a couple of times. CeCe and Jessie insisted they would come over to help me pack my car the following morning, even though I told them I would get help. In the end, I ran out of excuses and agreed they could come over. I don’t think could have kept them away even if I had said no. It was their way of trying to assess if they felt 1 was safe with Finlay or not. It was sweet. 1 had a hard time sleeping, my stomach was filled with nervous butterflies and my wolf was giddy with excitement.
My alarm went off at seven am and 1 got up. I parked the bedding box I had saved for it and then headed down to the bakery. Mrs Andresen had promised to make me breakfast so I wouldn’t have to dirty any of my kitchen things my last morning. I carried in the two sacks of flour 1 always helped her with and she offered me veral froshly made muffins and some delicious coffee. As I was enjoying it and chit chatting with Mrs Andersen, I heard a car arrive, but it didn’t sound like Finlay’s truck. I headed out back to investigate. To my surprise, it wasn’t just Finlay that had arrived. He was leaning against an unknown truck with Sam and Medow. Medow squealed when she saw me and ran to give me a tight hug. I bughed and hugged her back.
“I have missed you,” Medow said.
“I have missed you too. But I didn’t expect you to come here,” I replied.
“I know, but when Finlay said he would get you, we thought…” Medow began but got interrupted by Sam clearing his throat. Okay, okay, I thought, it would be a nice thing if we came as well,” she finished.
“I’m not ing. But four people to move me seems a little much. At that moment, CeCe and Jessie came walking. I introduced everyone to each other and watched as Finlay and Jessie gave each other a measured look. I rolled my eyes and both CeCe and Medow giggled.
“Okay, let’s get me packed,” I told everyone before it all turned into dick measuring contest. With six people and my very limited amount of boxes, it took less than half an hour to stow everything away in the Volvo and the truck.
“I’ll be driving.” Finlay told me and held out his hand for the key to my car. I hesitated.
“I usually don’t let anyone else drive her,” I told him.
“Her?” he asked, raising an eyebrow.
*Yeah, Aime has an unhealthy attachment to that car,” CeCe giggled
“Hey, me and Beula have been through a lot,” I ed.
“Beula?” Medow asked.
“It suits her,” I said and patted the sand–coloured roof. Everyone laughed.
“Are you going to tell me I can’t drive your car?” Finlay asked. The tone he used made it clear to me he was asking as my Alpha. Technically, he wasn’t my Alpha yet. But it wouldn’t be a good way to start life in his pack by pointing out technicalities like that.
“Of co
course not,” I said, tossing the keys to him.
“Thave packed doughnuts for everyone, and coffee,” Mrs Andersen said. She was walking to us holding two large bags and balancing four large to–go cups. Sam and Finlay hurried to help her. “Thank you, that’s sweet of you,” she said.
“I have packed some burgers for you to eat on the way.
No 
fries, as they will just get soggy. But p
plenty of stuffed potatoes,”
– Mrs
1/2 
Chapter 16-1
Jones announced as she came walking with two bags full of food,
“Thank you,” I said to both of the sisters. And they knew I wasn’t ju thanking them for the food.
“It has been a pleasure, Amie,” Mrs Jones said. As she handed the fold over to Finlay, the gave me a hug and her sister did the
sanse. 
Chapter Comments
Stayz
friendzoned
I really like Finley, I hope he’d be the end game for Amle
Deborah Dawdy
POST COMMENT
I think that Amie and Finlay will get together, it may take a little time. She does enjoy his
scent…
VIEW ALL 2 COMMENTS >
4
<SHARE
2/2
Game of Destiny
Chapter 16-2 
Don’t forget about us. You keep in touch,” Jessie said, giving me ag
“I will. And get your shit together and ask her out before 1 have to sd someone to mess you up,” I told him. He grinned at me. Then it was CeCe’s turn. We bugged for a long while and promised to keep in touch and she promised to look out, for Jessie. I handed my apartment key back to Mrs Andersen and got into the passenger seat of the Valvo. Finlay was already sitting in the
driver’s seat.
“Are you okay?” he asked.
“I will be,” I told him.
“Ready to go home?”
“More than ready,” I agreed. It was the truth. Even though it was bittersweet to say goodbye to my old life, I was excited to start my new one. I waved to my friends as we drove off. The car smelled of red food and coffee. There were the worst scents to be surrounded by. We drove in silence for a while. I think Finlay let me take in the moment and I appreciated it.
“Want a doughnut?” 1 finally asked.
“I never turn down deep fried baked goods,” he said. I smiled and fished one out of the bag and handed it to him. “Medow and aunt Matilda have been busy planning your bloodening ceremony. They talk you through it this afternoon. If you feel it’s too much or you don’t like something, just tell them. They won’t be offended, he told me. I smiled as I munched on my own doughnut. 
“I’m sure I will like it. When is it planned for?”
“Tomorrow.” He watched me from the corner of his eye as if he was afraid I was going to .
“Sounds good. I’m looking forward to it.” He relaxed and smiled.
“So is the pack, you should hear how hyped up Cadence is.” Finlay told me with a laugh. It felt nice to know the pack was looking forward to taking me in.
“No ions from anyone or suspicions?” I asked.
“No. You made a superb impression on everyone,” he said. He took a swipe out of his coffee and sighed happily. I had missed him, even if we had talked over the phone every day. But I had missed his calming aura and clean, pine scent. I knew I needed to be careful. I couldn’t let myself or my wolf didn’t get too attached. Finlay would find his mate, and when that happened, I needed to be able to accept her as my Luna. I would just make sure we kept things on a friendly level. Around the halfway mark, Finlay announced he had mind linked with Sam and it was time to eat. We jarked at some picnic tables by the side of the road and took out the burgers and stuffed potatoes.
“I understand why you spent four days eating at that diner if this is the food they are serving,” Sam told Finlay. We all laughed. I felt my wolf settling down. She recognised her new pack members, and she enjoyed the opportunity to reestablish the social connection we both had built during our three days at the pack. I noticed Finlay looking very pleased about something.
“I can drive,” I offered as we got back in the cars.
“Not happening,” Finlay told me.
“What are you so pleased about?” I asked after we had been driving for a while.
“I like it when a plan comes together. I’m getting a new pack member, a strong one. You will help us build a stronger pack and I Enjoy your company. I think I have every right to feel pleased, he told me. I laughed at his honesty.
1/2
Chapter 16-2
“If you put it like that, I would say you are right,” I agreed and relax back.
“You look pleased as well,” he remarked,
“I have got a wolf. I’m about to have a pack and a new exciting job, and I think I’m becoming friends with my Alpha. I say I have just as much to be pleased about,” I told him. He chuckled.
“True. It’s a good day,” he agreed. We arrived at the pack house a couple of hours later. Finlay and I had spent the time talking and joking. So when I got out of the car, my legs felt a little stiff, but I was relaxed. I took a moment to scent my surroundings and was so occupied with taking in the moment that I missed the projectile at came flying at me.
Chapter Comments
Sfayz
friendzoned
I really like Finley, I hope he’d be the end game for Amle
Deborah Dawdy
POST COMMENT
I think that Amie and Finlay will get together, it may take a little time. She does enjoy his scent…
VIEW ALL 2 COMMENTS >
4
###Battle of Fate 17
Game of Destiny
Chapter 17-1
Cadence came flying out of nowhere and jumped up on me to give me a hug. The sheer fored of the pup had me stumbling back before I found my balance..
“Cadence!” Finlay barked. “You can’t just tackle people.”
“I’m sorry, Alpha, I was just happy to see her,” Cadence said. He looked at me with his big, sad puppy eyes.
“It’s okay. I missed you too,” I told him and gave him a hug before being him on the ground. “What have you been doing while I was away?” I asked and then I listened to him telling me about everything he had been doing. Finlay also listened patiently. “Wow, that was a lot of things,” I said when Cadence had listed everything
“Are you going to stay this time?” the pup asked.
“I am. I just need to get all my things into my room,” I told him.
“I can 
help,” he offered. Finlay smiled and reached into the car and pulled out a small bag.
“Here you go. Be careful with it,” he told Cadence, He grabbed a stack of boxes of his own and I took one. Medow and Sam took a couple more and Martin came walking and joined in as well. Before I knew it all pack members in the area had grabbed a box and with the limited amount of boxes, everyone had to make one trip and then I was moved in.
Thank you, everyone,” I said as they left the boxes in neat stacks in the corner of my room.
“I’ll see you later, Amie, Cadence called out and waved as he left..
“He likes you,” Finlay pointed out.
“He’s a sweetheart,” I said.
“My aunt and Medow will stop by in a while. I asked them to give you at least an hour to settle in. But they are excited, so don’t expect much more time than that,” Finlay told me..
“I’m looking forward to it. And thank you for all the help.”
“Don’t mention it. Let me know if you need samething. I’ll see you at dinner.” When Finlay left, I was alone and took a moment to look out the windows. I loved the view of the brook. I took a deep breath. I’m home. I found the boxes labelled ‘clothes” and started
unpacking. Finlay was right. Almost an hour on the dot after he left, Medow and Marta knocked on my door.
“Do you have a moment to sit down and go over t
tomorrow’s ceremony?” Marta asked.
“It sounds like fun. Why don’t you come in? It’s a little bit of a mess at the moment. But we can sit at the table by the windows,” I suggested.
“We were hoping you would offer, so we brought snacks,” Medow said and showed me a basket. As I let them inside, she unpacked it on the table. There were cookies, fudge, cupcakes, fresh fruit and socas.
“Tomorrow is the big day! Medow exclaimed. Marta smiled at the younger wolf.
ou will have
“You
have to forgive her, she is young and full of excitement,” Marta said.
1
“How could I not be? Do you know how long it’s been since we had a bloodening?” I laughed 
“I take it that not many seek out the pack to become members?” I asked. Both women shrugged.
1/2
Chapter 17-1
“We haven’t ranked, which puts us at the bottom. Not many know about us and those who do know the risk of joining a low ranking pack,” Marta told me. I nodded. As a low ranking pack there was a real threat from other packs and rogues. Pinlay and the pack had bought their land when they needed new pack land. Because that wi who Finlay, and therefore the pack, was. But there were other ways to get pack land. If you were a new pack or a pack in need of more land, you could get it by attacking another one. You could, theoretically, attack any pack. But you would be insane to try and do so with one of the top ranked packs. Not only had they proven to be stronger than all other packs, they also had more allles than one else. So, your best het was to go after the lower ranked packs.
“I get that,” I said,
“Last to join was Gordon, but he didn’t need a bloadening as he muted Alica. He chose to join us rather then her joining his old pack, Medow said.
“But it’s al 
always a joyful thing to have a bloodening. It will do the park good to celebrate,” Marin added.
“You haven’t planned anything big, have you?” I asked, feeling a bit worried.
Chapter Comments
Sfayz
POST COMMENT
Matilda
Sfayz
Matilda
VIEW ALL 5 COMMENTS >
<SHARE
2/2
Game of Destiny
Chapter 17-2 
“No, no,” Medow said, waving her hand, I looked at Marta.
“It’s a big occasion,” Marta told me. Then they walked me through the plans. If I had planned it, I may have scaled it down a bit. But I didn’t mind their way either, they did have a point that it was something worth celebrating. “How open do you want to be about your past?” Marta asked. I understood the underlying question Did I want people to know about my rejection?
“I want to be open,” I told her, I may not be latent, but I wanted my new pack to know me, know how I came to be one of them. Medow looked between me and Marta.
“I feel like I’m missing something,” she said.
“The reason I left my old pack was because my mate rejected me because my wolf hadn’t come to me,” I told her. The dull ache was hardly noticeable as I spoke the words.
“No!” Medow gasped and she put her hand over her heart as if to protect it. Tears welled in her eyes. “How could they do something like that?” she whispered. I smiled at her genuine reaction. She had such a kind heart.
“It’s okay, Medow, I think it was for the best, that’s how I ended up here,” I told her. Before she could say something, there was a hard knock on my door.
“Medow?!” Sam called, I smiled. He must have felt her distress and came running.
“It’s okay, let him in,” I told her, and Marta gave me a knowing look. Medow went to the door and she and Sam had a quiet conversation. They shared a kiss and when Medow came back, she looked happier and wiped her eyes to get rid of the tears.
“He must have been an idiot. It’s lucky you got rid of him. I don’t want you to end up with an idiot. We will find someone that deserve you,” Medow told me with a fierce look in her eyes. I smiled at her.
“Thank you,” I said and gave her a long hug. She just nodded.
We ended up talking all the way to dinner. We walked down to the dining room together. Finlay, Sam and Martin were already there. Sam hurried over to Medow, I could see he was still worried. It felt nice seeing their bond. I sat down at the table next to Finlay. 
“Are you okay? Sam said you wanted to be open about what happened to you?” he whispered to me. I smiled at him and nodded.
“It feels better that way,” I answered in the same low voice. He nodded,
“And did you have a chance
ce to go through
tomorrow?” He then asked in his normal voice.
“We did. They have done an amazing job. I feel honoured,” I said truthfully.
“Not too much?” 
“No. I think it will be perfect,” I said.
For course it will be,” Marta huffed.
“And then we can sit down and talk. I have something I want to ask you,” Martin said.
-Twill
“I will do my best to answer any questions, I promised. Dinner was relaxed. Several members of the pack came by to welcome me and to say they were looking forward to the bloodening. I found myself enjoying being social, something I hadn’t enjoyed in years.
“Do you want to go for a run? Finlay asked as dinner was over.
1/2
Chapter 17-2
You mean at a wolf?” I asked feeling my excitement build. He chuckled.
“yes, it’s not common for us to go running in human form. I know will have a pack run tomorrow after the bloodening. haven’t shifted in a couple of weeks,” he told me.
“I would love to,” I told him.
“Can we come 43 well? Medow asked.
“Of course,” Finlay said, Martin and Sam wanted to join as well.
“Marta?” I asked. She shook her head.
but 
YOU
“My time for running wild in the forest is behind me. I will stay here and keep an eye on things.” Finlay led the group into the woods. We stopped in an area with trees that had branches closer to the ground that let us place our clothes on them. Everyone started shifting and I took a breath. I had never changed into my wolf on command before. But when I shifted to my human form, Finlay had told me to focus on being human. I did the opposite now and felt the shift to wolf. It was fast and painless. Finlay was still in his human form and I knew he had been waiting to see if I needed help. I yipped at him. He chuckled. 
on. The
“Never doubt you, Red,” he told me and shifted into his wolf. It was annoying to not be able to communicate with the others in my wolf form, But after tomorrow we would be able to mindlink. I took the opportunity to enjoy the still new feeling of running as a wolf. The moon was almost not visible at all, a stark contrast to last time. But the ground was soft and pleasant to run forest was full of interesting scents and the air was warm. Finlay guided us on a long run through forest, along the river and then. back into the forest. Several times I scented game and my instinct was to track it, hunt it, kill it. But each time, Finlay guided me away from the track. Apparently, I wasn’t ready to hunt yet. We finally ended up back where we had begun. I shifted back and got dressed.
“You’re a natural,” Martin told me.
“Thank you.”
“And damned are you fast! I can usually keep up with the boys, but when you gave it all over that open glade, you left me in the dust,” Medow side and laughed.
“That was so much fun. But that wasn’t my all. That was just stretching out,” I told her. It made her laugh even more.
“I’m hungry,” Sam declared as we headed back to the p pack house.
“I’m sure we have leftovers, and ice cream,” Medow said. We all ended the night with an impromptu feast in the kitchen.
Chapter Comments
POST COMMENT
Sfayz
Matilda
Sfayz
Matilda
###Battle of Fate 18
hapter 18-1
The next day felt like all I did was to wall for the bloodening ceremony to begin. It would take place after dinner, so I had the whole day to pass. I spent most of it unpacking and then walking around the village and the surrounding area. I was walking along the creek when I heard footsteps and scented Medow, I stopped walking and waited for her to catch up.
“You are one hard cookie to find. I had to track you down with my suffer,” she said as she saw me, I smiled.
“Sorry. Trying to get to know the area,” I explained..
“I get it. It’s a beautiful pack land, we were lucky to get it,” she said
“Were you with the pack when it split from the Ocean Shore pack?” asked her.
“No, that was before I met Sam. After they split from their old pack, he group temporarily got shelter with the Coyote Hill pack. My old pack were allies with that pack and we assisted with additional tents and supplies. That’s how I met Sam,” she told me.
“And you chose to go to his pack even though they didn’t have a home?”
“Well, yes. In my old pack I was just an ordinary pack member. I liked it there and I had my family there. But Finlay and the pack needed Sam. He was their Gamma and there had already been so many changes for them that I knew they didn’t need to lose their Gamma as well. So it wasn’t a hard decision to make. And then Finlay found this land and I have never been happier.”
It is beautiful here,” I agreed. “So why did you look for me?”
“It’s almost time to get ready for the ceremony. It’s best to do it before dinner as we head over to the clearing right after,” she said. *I was hoping we could get ready together.” Her voice sounded more uncertain. “It’s not that I don’t have any friends here. I do. Everyone has been amazing. But I’m part of the top tier of the packt creates a distance to the rest of the pack. And since neither Martin or Finley has found their mates, it’s a bit lonely being the only female, except for Matilda, on the top.”
“I get it,” I told her. “That’s one of the reasons my brother and I grew so close to the Alpha and Gamma children in my old pack. It’s nice to have friends that know what responsibilities you live with,” I said. “And I would love to get ready with you.” She smiled at me and we hooked arms and walked back to the pack house. Along the way Medow pointed out some of her favourite spots and as we were almost at the pack house, she pointed out her and Sam’s house. It was a nice two story house a bit away from the pack house. “My place or your?” I asked her.
“I have already put my things outside your room,” Medow said. “What are you go
going to wear?” she asked as we got into my room and she started unpacking her small bag.
“I was hoping I could get away with something simple? I really haven’t had the occasion to dress up in the last few years.” I told her, she frowned at me. 
“It’s your bloodening ceremony. It should be special. I would lend you something. But you’re as tall as a freaking tree. All my dresses would look ridiculous on you. Can I have a look in your close ?” she asked.
“Be my guest,” I said and made a hand movement towards where my clothes were. She dived right in and I smiled at her enthusiasm. I heard her make disapproving sounds.
“Oh. I think I have found something,” she told me. She reemerged holding a summer dress in teal with big cream-coloured flowers. It was full length, flowing and CeCe had made me buy it for a party de ended up never attending.
“I don’t know,” I said hesitantly.
“Well I do. This is it, she insisted. I folded and we spent an hour getting ready while talking. We found we had a lot in common. but were also different in many ways. “I know the boys are looking forward to picking your brain. They need someone with formal training. But so do I. So please leave some of your energy for me,” she told me.
1/2
Game of Destiny
Chapter 18-2
“I think you all are worrying too much about formal training. Look this pack. It’s a good pack, a balanced pack and you seem to be doing well. Whatever you are doing is obviously working.” I told her as I pushed my free flowing hair back.
“That is sweet of you. But 1 think we all will feel better when we can confirm we are doing things the right way,” she insisted and pulled my hair back so it fell over my shoulder.
“Don’t put too much credit into the old ways. Sometimes it’s healthy to find new ways. Stagnancy is never good,” I said and resisted the urge to push my hair back. I wasn’t used to having it hang loose
“See. This is the kind of wisdom we need. Ready to head down? Medow asked.
“Ready as I will be. Thank you for getting ready with me,” I said. She hooked her arm in mine.
problem, it was a lot of fun. We even compliment each other,” she giggled. I looked down on our dresses. Her, a powder pink with small white flowers.
up. Even the
“We do.” I agreed. We made our way down to the dining hall and found it almost full to the brim with wolves dressed pups looked ready for a party. The dining room had been decorated with green birch branches and red flowers. “Wow,” was all 1 could say
“Wow indeed.” I turned around and saw Finlay looking at me with a grin. Sam walked up to us and drew Medow into a kiss. I walked over to Finlay to let the mated pair have a moment. “You clean up nicely, red,” he told me.
“Thank you, Alpha,” I said, there was a glint in his eyes when I said. But it was gone before I could identify it.
“It’s Finlay as long as we’re not doing something formal,” he told me I gave him a smile. “Don’t tell me you are nervous, red,” he
Said.
“Me? Not at all. I’m just going to stand up, in a dress, in front of the whole pack and swear an oath and cut my hand open. I can’t even count the number of ways I can screw this up.” I honestly told im
“Hey, hey, I know you will do fine. Some butterflies are normal. But you got this,” he told me. He reached for my hand and gently squeezed it. It took a deep breach and nodded. I tried not to notice how calming his touch was. He was my Alpha and my friend,
that’s all.
“Amie, you look amazing. I have to have the broom ready to keep all the single wolves in this pack away. That’s unless you don’t want me to keep them away,” Matilda said as she walked up to us. I hughed and gave her a hug.
“Please keep the broom ready and hand me one as well,” I told her. We all sat down and ate, the spirit was high and the dining room was filled with laughter. I took a moment and enjoyed it. Martin smiled at me.
“Are you having fun?” he asked.
“I am. I didn’t think I missed pack life this much,” I told him. He nodded.
“I can’t imagine living as long as you did without a pack. I don’t know if I’m impressed, or if I should worry about your mental health,” he said. I laughed.
think it’s about fifty, fifty, to be honest.” He joined in my laughter
ong time since I
“Are you ready to do this?” Finlay asked a moment later. I looked around the room at the pack and it had been a long had been as sure about anything in my life.
1/2
Chapter 18-2
“I’m ready, I told him. He gave me a smile and stood up.
“Let’s all go to the clearing, it’s time for the bloodening.” he called at. There was a cheer and everyone got up and moved towards the woods. I find myself walking in the middle of the pack flanked by Finley and Matilda. The bonfire was lit and as darkness fell around us, I felt the world shrink until everything that existed was the clearing and the pack.
Chapter Comments
Sfayz
POST COMMENT
why do I feel he’s her second chance mate but maybe James hasn’t really rejected her, I mean maybe he regretted it and it made that their bond hasn’t fully broke, so she can’t….
Sfayz
I took a deep breath
VIEW ALL 4 COMMENTS
5
###Battle of Fate 19
Game of Destiny
Chapter 19-1 
The pack formed a circle around Amie and me. A bloodening was always a special occasion. A wolf swearing loyalty to me and the pack was a big thing. This ceremony was one thing I loved about belg the Alpha. But standing in the circle facing Amie felt special In a different way. She looked stunning in her dress, with her hair let down and her green eyes sparkling in the light of the fire. My feeling of puzzle pieces coming together as she joined the pack was ronger than ever.
“We are here tonight to open our pack and welcome a new member to our fold. Armeria Rose Sage, Amle, you have come to us to Join our pack. Do you come to us with good intentions, ready to join bur pack and strive for a better life for each and every pack member?” Lasked her. She looked me in the eyes, something that was rare for me as an Alpha, but appropriate for the moment.
“I do,” she answered in a clear voice and I could see how serious she was.
“Blue Mountain pack, does anyone raise their voice with an ion to why Armeria Rose Sage should not be allowed to join us?” asked the pack. I let the seconds tick pass in silence: I could feel the pack through our bond and I knew not one of them had any hesitation about Amie joining us. But it was part of fire ritual and Injoyed the dense silence. When I was satisfied that we had given it enough time I smiled at Amie and handed her the ceremonial knife. It was carved from the antler of a deer. The first kill I had made after we had established our pack land. The deer horn was embedded with a row of sharp flint. Amie took the knife and without hesitating she cut a line from her right elbow to her palm.
“1. Armeria Rose Sage, ask to join the Blue Mountain pack,” she said and reached out both her cut arm and the knife, I took the knife and cut my right arm just as she had. 
“I, Finlay Nero Cadwick, Alpha of the Blue Mountain pack, accept you as a member of our pack, 1 said and grabbed her right Just under her elbow. Our wounds lined up and she grabbed my arm. As hers was shorter than mine, she didn’t reach all the way my elbow, I could feel her blood mixing with mine. Our eyes locked as we stood and let the magic happen,
“Do you swear your loyalty to me and my pack?” asked her.
swear my loyalty to you and the pack,” she said. I felt the pack bond snap into place with her words. We released each other’s arms and I watched hers to make sure her wound healed.
“Let’s welcome our newest pack member!” I called out to the pack. There was a loud cheer and the circle of pack members crumbled as they all walked forward to greet Amie. I stood and watched how Cadence hugged her and then stood by her side as the rest of the pack hugged her, or shook her hand. Aunt Matilda joined me after a while.
“Good job,” she said.
“It’s not my first bloodening.” She e rolled her eyes.
“I wasn’t complimenting your ceremony skills,” she told me. “Good job with getting her to join our pack, silly.”
“Oh. Right. Thank you.” She shook her head and kissed my cheek. “Time for a pack run!” I told everyone. The pups, teens, and the older wolves headed back to the pack house. The rest of the pack stripped and shifted. I led them in a shorter run. I wanted everyone to be able to join the entire run. We paused at the outcrop over the river. I pulled my head back and howled. The rest of the pack joined in and among the wolves I recognised Amie’s howl. We set off towards the clearing. I had let the pack members run alongside our newest member during the first part of the run. Now I could join her and trot alongside her for the final part without feeling I blocked the others‘ access to her.
“How does it feel? I asked her in a mindlink, enjoying the fact I could now communicate with her in wolf form. She looked at me and I could see the joy in her eyes.
1/2
Game of Destiny.
Chapter 19-2
“Amazing. I had almost forgotten what it feels like to be part of a park. The bond and the constant connection, she told me. We got to the bonfire and everyone headed for their pile of clothing. Amies down and didn’t seem to be in any hurry to shift back. She sat in her wolf form, her tongue slightly hanging out and watched eryone around her.
“Tired?” I asked, feeling worried I had overdone it with the run. It was ensy to forget that she was new to shifting and hadn’t had time to develop her stamina yet.
“Not at all. I could go for another run. I’m just taking in the moment she told me before shifting and slipping on her dress. I chuckled as I made sure everyone was accounted for and ready to head for the pack house, Martin, Sam and Medow joined Amie and me as we headed for the dining room. 1 knew the pack had prepared feast during the day that the ones who didn’t run with us would have put out. I was starving, as always after shifting and I was looking forward to the food. I smile as Medow hooks her arm in Amie’s. The two have become close already, and I join in with Main as he tenses Sam.
“Looks like you have been traded in for a newer modet: Your mate seems to have a thing for redheads,” Martin told Sam.
“Maybe she is collecting you,” I added. We both laughed at the hint of jealousy that flashed in Sam’s eyes before he quickened his steps and walked up to Medow’s other side and took her hand,
“Don’t tease him,” Medow scolded us. “I just had to have a matching pair. But Sam will always be my mate,” she added, giving him a kiss. We all laughed, even Sam. As we got to the dining hall in the pack house, a buffet with heaps of food had been set up. As Alpha, T was to take my portion first. I took a plate and loaded it with food. The pack then waited for Amie. She looked a little unsere at first, but gave in and took a plate of her own. After that, it was a free for all and the tables filled with food were soon Surrounded by hungry pack members. Instead of sitting down to cat, everyone walked around and talked, rubbed shoulders with each other, and made sure the pack bond was strong. Amiq had Cadence as a shadow when she moved around. I watched as she made sure he was included in the conversations and took time to give him attention. Cadence’s father had made sure with both me and Amie that she didn’t mind having him around. But Amie liked the pup and I just found the whole thing adorable.
It was a little after midnight and the party was winding down. I had one outside to the back porch of the pack house to get some air while the last members of the pack remained. I heard Amies footsteps, it was easy to know it was her now that we had the pack link, even if her footsteps were almost silent.
“Am I disturbing you?” she asked.
“Not at all,” I said and gestured to the other deck chair next to the one I was sitting on. She sat down. “What’s up?” I asked.
“It’s my brother’s birthday in a couple of weeks,” she said. I remember her telling me about her tradition.
You want to continue posting your cards?” | asked.
“Yes.”
“Don’t you think they y would respect that you have settled down into a new pack?” I asked.
“Probably. But for now I’m not ready to take the chance,” she said. I nodded.
“Just let me know what day and where you’re heading. If you don’t want to do it by yourself, you have options to bring someone along now, I told her.
“Thank you. But I don’t think I would be good company. I will do it on my own,” she insisted. I nodded.
“Just make
sure to check in regularly so we know you are safe.
will. Thank you. There was a long stretch of comfortable silence. The new moon was approaching and the brook was lit only by
the stars.
1/2
Chapter 19-2
“Time to head to bed, Red. Txpect you to be in the conference room directly after breakfast tomorrow. Time to start your new job,” I finally told her. She laughed.
“Yes, Alpho,” she said and got up. The way she used my title always did something to me. I did my best not to let it show. “Sleep tight, Finlay,” she added.
“You too, Red. Welcome to the pack. I’m happy you’re one of us.”
*50 am 1.”
Chapter Comments
Sfayz
a nice slow burn. I hope it is
VIEW 1 COMMENT ?
7
<SHARE
###Battle of Fate 20
Game of Destiny
Chapter 20-1 
After ny alarm woke me in the morning, I just lay in bed for a while getting used to the pack bond again. It wasn’t as if you always felt every individual in the pack and what they were feeling. It was more like a soft bumming in the back of your mind. My last pack bond hadn’t been severed, as I had run away, the distance had made fell less and less the further away I got. But even during my First months in my new home, I had felt it. But a pack bond that wa’t maintained and if you didn’t return to the pack land at least a couple of times a year, it faded. The bond was a living thing and needed to be nourished and feed. But now a new pack bond had taken its place, as well as a connection to the pack land. I loved the miliar, yet new, feeling of it. I eventually got up and got ready before heading down for breakfast. Cadence’s family invited me to s with them, and I did. It was nice getting to know his parents and older sister. When he asked me if I wanted to go to the river with him and his sister, I had to decline. I had to start my new work today.
“Where have you been?” Medow asked as we met outside the conference room.
“I had breakfast with Cadence and his family,” I told her, and Som.
“Is he trying to court you?” she asked and we laughed as we joined Finlay and Martin in the room dedicated for the meeting of the top rank.
“What are you doing?” Finlay asked me as I took a chair that stood along the wall and moved the other chairs around the table to make room for it.
“I’m getting a chair so I can
down,” I told him.
“And why do you need a new chair?” he asked, confused. I looked at the table. Finlay was sitting at the head of it, Martin to his right, with an empty chair next to him, opposite him where Sam and Medow sat next to her mate. The chair opposite Finlay was also empty.
“I’m not sitting in the Luna’s or the Beta female’s chairs,” I told him. He sighed, rolled his eyes, and signed for Martin to scoot his chair closer to Finlay. I moved the Beta female’s chair after Martin and put my own at the corner between the two empty chairs.
“Happy?” he asked me as I took my seat.
“Yes,” I said. The others laughed.
“Now that we got the important matter of the chairs out of the way Finlay said, looking pointedly at me. “We can start by welcoming Amie to our group. I think we are all looking forward to her advice,” he continued. The three others eagerly nodded.
“Thank you. But as I told Medow yesterday: I think you are doing a far better job than you give yourself credit for. The pack is thriving and is harmonious. I don’t know what I can contribute with, I honestly told them.
“The pack is a good pack, and I agree with you. We mostly got those things under control. Well, Finlay does most of it, and he is a natural Alpha,” Martin agreed.
“But what we worry about is the outside threats and how we can prepare the pack to face them, Sam continued. All four of them nodded in agreement.
“We are a low ranking pack. But we are low ranking since you couldn’t participate in the last games. I would think packs and rogues —that are after land would go after one of the confirmed weak packs,” | said. Finlay and Martin both shook their heads.
“We have chased away wolves that have been close to our borders. It has only been one or two at the time so far, but we think they are scouts, Martin told me.
“Pack or rogues?”
“Both,” he said.
1/2
Chapter 20.1
“We think it’s due to the fact Confirmed weak packs have already be targeted and all good land has been taken. Most of those packs are living on barren land or in the cities,” Finlay told me. I saldered at the thought.
Chapter Comments
Sfayz
this sounds fun
VIEW 1 COMMENT
POST COMMENT
5
J
<SHARE
2/2
Game of Destiny
Chapter 20-2 
“And then there is us, and all this amazing land. Okay, I can see why they are willing to chance it,” I said. “So we need to prepare. Even if we are a strong pack, not everysine can fight or defend themselves. What is the plan if we get attacked?” I asked. Finlay got up and got a map from a locked drawer and spread it out over the tale. It showed the pack land and someone had drawn symbols on it. They all explained what plans they had put in place to keep pack safe. They had hideouts in two places in the village and then seven more scattered across the land. Most were natural caves hey had fortified and made sure to keep food and blankets in.
“It looks good. It’s a good start.” I said. “But we should add some general pack training that everyone participates in. Something that teaches everyone to find shelter if they get caught by surprise.
“Everyone? Even the pups?” Martin asked. 
“Especially the pops. We all know they have a tendency to go explating either on their own or w 
know what to do if we are attacked,” I said.
a friend or two. They need to
“Should we maybe just make sure they stay close to an adult?” Sam Juggested. Finlay, Medow and I all shook our heads.
“Exploration is necessary. It gives them confidence and nourishes their natural curiosity,” Finlay said.
agree. It’s better that we teach them to hide, contact an adult and wait for help.” I said.
“Okay. But how do you train pups? I know how to train adults, but even I know that won’t work with pups,” Sam said. I giggled. I had seen him train the warriors when I visited and he was right. His raining style was to yell at the warriors and shout profanities when they didn’t do as he wanted.
“No, we won’t do it that way. I would say that we should turn it into game,” I suggested.
“Oh, yeah. Like a hide and seek tournament,” Medow said enthusiastically. I nodded.
“Not a bad idea. We could have different classes. One for pups, one for regular pack members and one for warriors,” Finlay thought
out loud.
“We can arrange some fun prizes and us five will be the judges and trackers,” Martin said.
“If we do it two or three times a year, everyone will have a good understanding on what to do in a sharp situation.” They all looked at me and nodded. We agreed to plan the first tournament as soon as possible. “So how are we doing with training for the games? If we do well there, this won’t be an issue,” I said.
“You know the
training schedule,” Sam told me, sounding confused.
“You use the same one as for the warriors? That seems excessive since the games are almost six years away,” I said. Four wolves looked at me as if I was stupid. “What?”
“Do v
you expect us to have separate trainings for the games? We just combine it with the regular trainings,” Sam asked.
“Oh, okay, you are planning to only send warriors?” 1 asked, as I understood why we misunderstood each other.
“Yes. In our old pack that’s how we did it. Should we send others?” Martin asked, sounding unsure.
“No, no. I guess that’s fine,” I said.
“Amie, we asked you to be the advisor so you would advise us. How was it done in your old pack?” Finlay asked in his usual calm
voice.
1/2
Chapter 20-2
“We held training a couple of times a year for all pack members between certain ages. You know the games test on not just strength and brute force. There are elements of cunning and strategical thinking. Speed and agility. They all matter. I’m not saying the warriors can’t be good at all of that. But you don’t need to be a warrior to be strategic or cunning. So we tested everyone that would he of a suitable age during the games. When we found the ones with the best skills, we trained them,” I explained.
“But all the participants have to participate in all challenges,” Finlay said. I nodded.
“But then, let’s say Medow is the most cunning wolf In our pack. And forgive me for this baby, but she isn’t the fastest or strongest woll. How is she going to keep up during the more physical challenges? Sam asked. Then he peppered Medow’s hand and neck with
kisses.
“It’s okay, honey. I know my limitations,” Medow giggled.
“I guess
it’s a numbers game,” I said. “What we know is that each challenge holds a maximum of ten points during the games. There are ten challenges, so the top score is one hundred points. No one knows the score until all challenges are done,” I continued, and everyone nodded. “So let’s say that we send physically strong warrior, some with okay abilities in the more mental challenges. There are two, or three challenges that focus on physical strength, as many that focus on mental and the rest is a combination. We will do well on the physical parts, and average on the combination rts, but below average on the mental parts.”
“Sure. But if we send wolves with strong mental abilities but poor physical skills, won’t the numbers tilt?” Martin asked.
“They will, if we don’t train everyone. But let me ask you; do you think it’s harder to train someone’s ability to be strategic and cunning or someone’s ability to run fast?” I asked them. There was a moment of silence when the others looked like fishes on land. Then Finlay laughed, and the others followed.
“That’s why it’s important that we identify them as early as possible, he said. I nodded.
“Give Sam live ve
years and he will have the most lazy wolf in shape,” said.
“Fuck yeah!” Sam exclaimed, and Medow rolled her eyes and then she laughed and kissed her mate.
guess we
need to hold trainings for the pack to see what talents we have,” Finlay said, and a smirk appeared on his face. “I knew you would be worth the effort it took to recruit you,” he told me.
“Oh please. I made it easy for you. I barely put up a fight,” I ed
Chapter Comments
Sfayz
this sounds fun
VIEW 1 COMMENT
5
###Battle of Fate 21
Game of Destiny 
Chapter 21-1 
My mother had mindlinked me the moment the mail had arrived, and I didn’t hesitate as I excused myself from the meeting and headed straight home.
1
“Elder, in here,” my mother called out as I stepped through the door. As if I didn’t know they would be in the kitchen. It had become a tradition when Amie sent one of her rare postcards that was placed on the kitchen table, written side down, until the receiver could read it. My birthday was tomorrow, so we all knew the letter was addressed to me. I hurried inside and gave my mother a quick kiss on the cheek.
“We haven’t read it,” my father told me. He didn’t need to say it, I knew they hadn’t. But I nodded all the same as I looked down on the postcard. The front side was covered in scenic pictures from somewhere in Canada. I picked it up and flipped it around.
“Hi. I hope you are all doing well. Happy birthday, big brother, got any grey hairs yet? I’m thinking of you, all of you. Give my best to mom and dad. I’m fine, I’m happy and enjoying life. So stop worrying. I love you all. Hugs and Kisses, Armeria,” I read out loud. We all stood in silence for a moment, looking at the familiar handwriting. I missed my baby sister to the point that it hurt. But this was the first time she had said she was happy. She always said she was fine, or doing well. But never happy.
“She’s happy,” my mother said. Her voice carried both sadness and happiness.
“It eases my heart to see those words,” my father said. I just nodded. I handed the card to my mother. She was the keeper of the album where we kept all the postcards Amie had sent us. I gave her a hug and then hugged my father as well.
“need to go back to the meeting. I’ll be home for dinner,” I said. They both nodded. I knew they would spend the rest of the day talking about my sister. When we first discovered she had run away, both me and my father were intent on going after her. Alpha Mark had come over to offer his and the pack’s help when he heard what had happened. My father had hit him hard enough to knock the alpha down in one swing. My mother had stepped in and declared that no one was to go after her. Amie had chosen the path she thought was best for her, and we needed to respect it. My father was never punished for his blow to the Alpha. But the relationship between them hadn’t been the same since. I knew my father still resented his friend on some level for pushing Amie away by his actions. And Alpha Mark had the pride of any Alpha. The fact that his Beta had taken him down in one blow left him with a bruised ego. I suspected things would have gone back to normal if my mother and the Luna had stepped in and poured oil on the waves. But my mother didn’t step in. Instead, she distanced herself from the Alpha family. She still performed her duties as the Beta female, but nothing more. The entire pack felt the new dynamic between the Alpha and Beta family. The Gamma family tried to move in and act as a bridge between our families, but the wound was too deep. Finally, last year Alpha Mark had stepped down as alpha and handed the pack over to James hoping to improve the mood in the pack. James asked me to be his Beta, and for a
moment, I entertained the idea of refusing. But both my mother and father encouraged me to accept and in the end I saw it was for the best. When I walked into the pack house, James came walking to me.
“The meeting is over,” he told me. I nodded.
Game of Destiny 
Chapter 21-2 
“It did. What was so urgent that you needed to leave?” I looked at him, hesitating if I should tell him. He still insisted that rejecting. Amie was the best for him and the pack. But I also knew his wolf didn’t agree. He had been riding James hard these four years that they should find their mate and bring her home. James, of course, refused to pay attention to his wolf. Thinking he knew better. Despite his insistence he had got over Amie, that he no longer felt a pull toward her, he hadn’t taken a chosen mate. It wasn’t like he was low on options. Most wolves would take the opportunity to become a pack Luna. And I knew Cindy, the former Gamma’s daughter, had made sure to end up in James‘ bed on more than one occasion. But James still hadn’t chosen a permanent partner. He could say what he wanted/I knew it was because he, and his wolf, stl wanted their mate.
“My mother told me I had a card from Amie waiting for me,” I said.
“Oh.” He tried to sound aloof, but wasn’t successful. “How is she?” he asked.
“Good. She says she’s happy. It was a welcome change,” I said, as I couldn’t help but to rub it in.
“Happy? What does she mean, happy? Has she found a mate? Is that why she is happy?” It was easy to hear the jealousy in his
voice.
“I don’t know. She didn’t explain. You know how her postcards are,” told him. He grunted and scratched his neck.
“Where was it sent from?” he asked.
Canada, not that far from the border,” I told him. 
“Her last one was from California, right?” 
“Yeah. They have been sent from all across the map, but always in the west part, she never travels close to home,” I said.
“Do you think she is on the move constantly?” he asked. There was worry in his voice. I sometimes forget that not only was he my
sister’s mate, but before that they had been friends, almost as close as I was with James.
“I don’t know man. Lone wolves tend to move around a lot. No pack likes to have them close,” I told him. It was something I preferred not to think about. I hated the thought of my baby sister being all alone, moving from place to place.
“Well. she isn’t exactly a wolf, so maybe it will be easier for her to find a place to settle down.” I couldn’t help the growl that
escaped me. I stopped it before it got out of hand.
“Fuck you. Amie is a full wolf. And that she has survived four years out there, without a pack and without the support of her family only shows how strong she is. I get cold sweats just thinking about being alone. So don’t go and put her down,” I told him. To his credit, he looked remorseful.
“Sorry. I didn’t mean for it to come out sounding like I was putting her down. This mate thing seriously screws with your brain. I know I made the right decision. But then my wolf is giving me hell and I remember that it’s Amie. Fuck, I miss her like crazy. The way she always was a smart ass and how she always gave her all in everything she did. It just messes with my head. I don’t know if I’m missing her because she was my mate, or because I lost one of my best friends.” I sighed and put my hand on his shoulder.
“I’m sorry that you are hurting. But this is all on you. You shouldn’t have rejected her. The two of you were perfect for each other. What is done, is done,” I told him.
“I heard Cindy had tried getting into your bed. I guess she is tired of waiting for me,” James said. I made a face.
“Yeah. I didn’t fall for that. You know how she is. It will blow over once she finds her mate. Then she will be happy neither one of us took her up on her offer to mark her,” I told him.
“Still holding out for your true mate?”
1/2
Chapter 21-2 
“What can I say? I want what my parents have. I watch how my father worships my mother and how my mother would do anything for him, and I want that. I don’t care who my true mate is. I know she will be perfect,” I told him.
“Sure, it all sounds nice on paper. But the mate bond is no laughing matter,” he said.
That’s because you are fighting it, my friend. If you gave up and leaned into it, it wouldn’t be so difficult,” I told him. As we walked into the meeting room for the next meeting, I couldn’t help but to think about Amie. I missed her. She should be here, she should have taken her place as Luna for the pack. But she wasn’t. I hoped she was truly happy and that she found her second chance mate. If anyone deserved one, it was my baby sister. Maybe if she mated, she would feel safe enough to reach out to us. I would hold out hope to meet her again.
Chapter Comments 
Sfayz
a**hole
Sfayz
aaaw this put tears to my eyes
VIEW ALL 2 COMMENTS
5
? SHARE
POST COMMENT
###Battle of Fate 22
Chapter 22 
I had been back from my travel for a week and I was finding my new routine. It was a lot easier than I had thought it would be. There was always something that needed to be done for the pack. Food to be cooked, questions to answer, and errands to run. I was ranks to discuss the bigger things and Finlay happy to step in were I was needed. Then we had the daily meeting with the other ton and Sam had put me in charge of planning and running the training or the pack. I had enlisted Medow’s help to plan the first hide and seek event. I was walking from one of the pack member’s houses to the pack house. Martin walked up to me and I smiled at him. He hesitated a moment and ran his hand through his dark hair. He took a deep breath and looked at me again.
“What’s up?” I asked.
“Do you have a couple of minutes?” he asked.
“Of course,” I said. “Do you want to come up to my room?” 
“How about we take a walk along the creek?”
“That sounds good,” I agreed, it was a beautiful summer day. We walked in silence as we followed the creek. The soft grass on the bank muted our steps. The wildflowers filled the air with their fragrance. We walked away from the village and finally Martin sat down on the grass. I joined him and we both looked out over the trickling water.
“Has Finlay told you about how things were before we formed this pack?” he suddenly asked.
“No, we haven’t really talked about your old pack,” I said. I glanced over at him, but he stared out over the creek.
“My family wasn’t a part of the ranked families. We were run of the mill wolves. When Alpha Johannes ran the pack wolves like us had it good. We were respected as we contributed to the pack. Maybe not in the same ways as the tops or the warriors, but we worked hard,” he told me. I hummed, not wanting to interrupt him now he had got started. “But then he passed away and Ryan took
so we didn’t matter, over the pack, Finlay’s brother. All of a sudden my family wasn’t worth anything. We weren’t physically stron but then Finlay gave us the option to follow him instead.” There was a pause.
“Your family isn’t here,” I said. I already knew it as I had been going through the pack roster.
with Medow.
“No. My dad thought it would be dishonourable to abandon our pack My mother would never go if my father stayed and my sister mated with one of the warriors in the pack. But I knew I couldn’t stay. There was no future for me in that pack.”
“I’m sorry. Do you keep in touch?” I asked.
“With my sister and my mom. But my dad is still disappointed in me!” Martin told me. “I’m telling you this because I really don’t know what I’m doing. I have no clue why Finlay chose me to be his Beta, but I will do whatever I can to live up to the title. I need you, and I need you to tell me if I’m not doing what I should. I will step down rather than hurt the pack. This pack is my life and I will protect it, even from myself.” I smiled and gave him a nudge with my shoulder.
“What you just told me, that is why Finlay made you his Beta. You love this pack just as much as he does. The relationship between the Alpha, Beta and Gamma, and as an extension, their families, are more important than one thinks. That was why I left my first pack. What was happening between me and the Alpha’s son was messing with that bond, I didn’t want that on my shoulders, so I left,” I told him. “As Beta you are the quality control. It’s your job to make sure the Alpha doesn’t go off the script. Alphas have a tendency to get tunnel vision. Your job is to make sure Finlay remembers the big picture. And to help take up the thing he thinks he has the bandwidth to do, but you know he doesn’t.” At that he huffed in amusement. I smiled. “You are doing fine. Better than fine. You are doing amazing. Look at the pack. It’s happy, it’s open and welcoming. A pack like that doesn’t have issues with the top ranks. You just need to find your confidence, and that I can help you with.”
“Thank you, Amie,” Martin said, and he gave me a
nudge back.
“So how did you and the Alpha become friends?” I asked. Martin chuckled.
1/2
Chapter 22 
sixteen hours, Something he likes to remind me about, w
We are born a day apart, so we like to think it started a couple of hours after I was born. The idiot beat me into the world within played together as pups, I don’t think our parents saw anything wrong with it. But we bonded from the start. He’s the brother I never had and I’m the brother he wished he had. When he told me about his plan to break away from our old pack, I knew I would follow him he told me. I smiled, I would have liked to see the toddler version of my Alpha and Beta. I would bet money on that they were adorable.
“You never doubted that he would get the permission?” I asked.
“Never,” he said with
chuckle. “When Finlay wants something, Finly will get it. If the first way doesn’t succeed, he will try another way until he finds one that works. That man is stubborn,” he said. I laughed.
“Yeah, that was a stupid question. I have been on the receiving end of that stubbornness,” I admitted. Martin joined in my laughter. It was nice sitting in the sun by the water and laughing.
“Well, when he gets that way, gets tunnel vision as you put it, it’s usually something important. I’ll be the first one to admit that I called him insane when he called to say he would bring a lone wolf back–to the pack
and we should do our best to make her join our pack. But… He was right. The pack is better off with you here. Thank you for accepting our offer,” Martin said.
“Oh you weren’t alone on that. I called him crazy once or twice. I don’t know about the pack. But I’m definitely better off here. This is home. So thank you for being open–minded and having me.” We remained seated for a while, I ended up resting my head on his shoulder and he rested his head on top of mine. It was nice with some bonding time. It almost felt like when I used to hang out needled each other. We Iwith Elder. We eventually got up and made our way back to the village. The subjects were lighter and wo
both felt like we had got closer and the hesitation of a new friendship wasn’t there any longer. When we got close to the pack house/Finlay walked up to us.
“Where have you been?” he asked. He didn’t look annoyed, more amused.
“I needed to warn Amie about how stubborn you are and all of your other flaws,” Martin told him with a grin.
“I had to tell him it was too late. I already knew all about it,” I added, and we both laughed.
“You have bonded, I see. Why do I feel this will be bad for me?” Finlay asked with a chuckle.
“We will be gentle with you,” I told him. Then I gave Martin a kiss on his cheek. “Thank you for the walk. I really needed it and I had a great time. We should do it again sometime,” I said before saying goodbye to both men and heading off to do what I had planned to do before my little outing.
Chapter Comments 
Sfayz
cute bonding time
VIEW 1 COMMENT >
5
SHARE
POST COMMENT
###Battle of Fate 23
Chapter 23-1 
It was time for the big hide and seek tournament and I could feel the excitement in the air, We had decided to make it into an all day event. The day started with the pups‘ competition. Anyone between a toddler and the age of fifteen got ten minutes to find their hiding spot in the forest. There were five starting points spread out over the pack land. The warriors of the pack had been
of a real attack, there would enlisted as trackers. It was not an equal match, but the aim was to prepare for a future attack. In case
who wasn’t a warrior to have their turn. Then everyone would be no mercy. After the pup event, it was time for anyone above fifteen who gather and have a BBQ before the highlight of the day. The warriors would hide and the five of us in the top tier would track them. I was at one of the starting points for the pups and watched as parent were giving advice before the pups would set off.
“Amie, are you going to be tracking me?” Cadence asked.
“You know she isn’t, Mari, his older sister, told him.
“I have to save my strength for when I’m tracking the warriors,” 1 to him.
“Okay. I’m going to be so good at this. My dad has told me everything about how to find the best place to hide and mom told me how to mask my scent,” Cadence said.
“I know you will do great. You too Mari,” I told them and they hurried over to the starting point.
“I think he has his eyes set on you,” Finlay chuckled as he walked up to me.
“Who?” 
“Cadence, who else? Don’t tell me you already have a horde of men courting you,” he teased me.
“Come on, he is six. And you have spent too much time with your aunt. There are no men coming after me,” I said as I rolled my
eyes.
“The little guy is playing the long game, you wait and see. The day he turns eighteen he will shou proclaim his undying love.” 
“Give me a break, he’s a good little wolf. He will hold out for his mate,” I said.
“Are you ready for the day?” Finlay asked, changing subjects.
“I am. I’m looking forward to it,” I told him truthfully.
.on 
your doorstep and
out
“Then we should get to the fun part,” he said. “Everyone, get ready to start the first pup cup of hide and seek!” he then called and also sent in the pack mindlink to the other sites. “Are all the pups ready to go?” he asked and got a loud ‘yes‘ from the pups around us, and the same reply via the mindlink. “You will have a ten minutes‘ head start. Ready! Set! Go!” The pups went crazy and set off in all directions. Some giggling or screaming in excitement. Some of the older ones had a firm determination that told me they were taking this seriously. We all stood waiting and listening as the ten minutes ticked by. “Warriors, get ready! Go!” Finlay called out and groups of warriors set off all over the pack land. It didn’t take long until we heard the first giggling coming from the forest. A warrior was walking out of the trees with a young pup on his shoulders.
“She was hiding in a pile of leaves. I would have missed her if it weren’t for the giggling,” the warrior told her parents as they came
to collect the still giggling little girl. No one could help but to smile as the warrior set off into the woods again and the girl excitedly told her parents about the twelve minutes they had been apart.
“So adorable,” I told Finlay.
“Very,” he agreed with a huge smile. He walked over to the family, talked a little to the girl and gave her a pat on the head, and then talked to the parents before returning. “I suggested some training on keeping quiet,” he said.
1/2
Chapter 23-1 
You did not,” I said, laughings
“Maybe not. But it’s not ? bad idea.”
“You
sighed.
might be right.
right. But it
breaks
my heart
someone to explain to
young why need
they
to
stay quiet in
of leaves.” Finley a pile
Chapter Comments 
5
POST COMMENT NOW
1
< SHARE
2/2
Game of Destiny 
Chapter 23-2 
“Yeah. I wish we could let the pups be pups. It’s unfair to the pack that they need to suffer through this. We aren’t a low–ranking pack, he agreed.
“It will be better after the games, they are only a little over five year away. We just need to hang in that long and train so we won’t end up in the same situation again.”
“Right.” We kept looking as warriors brought back pups from all over the forest. Cadence was among the last to be brought back, and I walked over to congratulate him. Mari was the second to last to be found.
“It must run in the family. Well done,” I said as she got a hug from her parents.
“Thank you. It was kind of fun and the tips mom and dad gave were really good,” she told me.
“I’m looking forward to seeing you two in the next event,” I said to their parents. Sandra and Jake stuttered they would do their best. It took half an hour to reorganise everything and prepare for the grownups to get ready. Finlay sent them off and this time there was no giggling. Everyone was focused.
“This will be interesting,” Finlay said to me. I hummed in agreement as I watched the warrior get ready. When Finlay gave the go to start tracking they went off into the woods in hot pursuit. It took longer this time for the first pack member to be found. As they all were adults, or at least teenagers, they made their way back to the starting point without a warrior to escort them. This made the warriors more effective, as they didn’t need to stop. Half an hour later, only one pack member was unaccounted for. It was Jake, Cadence’s dad.
“I’m impressed,” I said to Finlay as time ticked on without him being caught.
“I agree. Who knew?” 
“He works in the IT–department, right?” I asked.
“Yes, he’s one of our best technicians. I didn’t know he had hidden talents.” 
“This might prove to be a useful exercise in more ways than one.”
“Never doubted it,” Finlay said, and tried to ruffle my hair. I quickly ducked out of his reach.
“Hey, watch it, Alpha man. No one messes with the hair,” I growled. Finlay burst out laughing.
“Did you just growl at me, red?” he asked. He sounded amused, so I knew he hadn’t taken it the wrong way.
“You bet your ass I did. Don’t mess with the hair. It’s messy as it is. My uncle always messed with it, I hate it,” I told him. He continued to chuckle, and I knew he had found a new way of teasing me. Truth be told, I didn’t mind it as much as I pretended to. Sure, it was a pain in the ass to make it look decent after it had been messed with. But I liked the relaxed and friendly bickering the two of us had. I just needed to find some way I could retaliate if he managed to mess with my hair. I made a mental note to check with Martin and Sam. Finally, a warrior sent out a mindlink to say they had found Jake. A moment later, the warriors and Jake came back to the starting point. His family swamped Jake and he looked prouder than I had ever seen him. Finlay and I walked over to him.
“Congratulations, that was impressive,” Finlay told him and shook Jake’s hand.
“Thank you, Alpha.”
“Good job keeping away from the warriors for so long. Care to share your secret to success?” I asked.
1/2
Chapter 23-2 
It wasn’t anything fancy, Jake said. 
“He kept moving around and he is good at hiding his tracks. That made it challenging to find him,” Roland, the warrior, said. “When we thought we had tracked him down, he had moved on to the next spot. Tricky.” Jake looked a little sheepish.
“It didn’t say anything in the rules that you needed to stay in one spot,” he defended himself.
“It didn’t. Well spotted,” Finlay said. He looked almost as pleased as and burgers waiting!” Finlay then called out and the pack all joined pack members came to congratulate him.
ake. “Let’s all head back to the firepit. There will be hotdogs
to eat. The mood was high and Jake got a lot of attention as
Chapter Comments 
05
POST COMMENT NOW
Game of Destiny 
Chapter 23-3 
“I was thinking we should talk to Take and see if he is open to do some hide and seek training with the younger pups,” I said to Finlay and Martin. They both looked up from their food.
“That is a good idea. The pups could use some training and Jake will be able to do it the right way for them to see it as fun,” Martin agreed.
“I like it. I will talk to him,” Finlay said.
“I also think we should discuss if he should be considered for joining the games,” I continued.
“I was thinking the same,” Finlay told us.
“He thought outside the box. We should keep an eye on him during the pack trainings and Sam are arranging,” Martin said to me. I nodded. After we had eaten, it was time for the event that everyone was looking forward to. It was time for the warriors to hide and us to find them. As Finlay, Martin, Sam, Medow and I gathered by the fire pit, the warriors got ready. This time we would start at the same place.
“I don’t know about this,” Medow told me. She so
nervous.
“It’ll be fine. It’s just for a bit of fun,” I said.
I’m not sure I see the fun in this. What if I can’t find a single one?”
“You just stay with me, baby. We’ll work as a team,” Sam told her.
“What do you say, red? Want to team up?” Finlay asked.
“In your dreams. This is one of my favourite games. I’m going to find the most warriors of us all,” I told him. The others laughed.
“You are on,” Marin said.
“I’m the Alpha, you know I’ll be the best,” Finlay bragged. I just huffed. Me and my wolf we had in this. It was my first time having a wolf during hide and seek and I felt my
both in
agreement, we would give all
Weber 112k ? fused this game. It had been a favourite pastime in my
old pack, ont
mirrored back from her. I hadn’t 
good at it back then, despite not having a
my wolf honing in on the prey,
When it came, we
wolf. With my wolf helping me, I knew I would be hard to beat. The warriors set off and I could f which was rapidly disappearing into the forest. Time stood still as we both waited for the signal to give didn’t hesitate. My wolf added her own speed to mine as we rushed forward. Her focus was on a scent both knew and we left the others behind as we followed it. I had always been quick on my feet and good at sneaking around. With the help of my wolf, these abilities became even more pronounced. My wolf was a good tracker. It didn’t take her long to track down the first warrior. To my satisfaction I was the first one to call out in the pack mindlink I had found a warrior. Finlay was only a minute behind me and Medow was the next one. I found my second warrior before Martin and Sam had found their first. When all warriors had been found, Finlay and I had found the same amount. He had found the last one and I agreed that made him the winner of our little game.
“You have a talent for tracking. Sure you don’t want to become a warrior?” Sam asked when we were all back eating dinner.
“I’m sure. I won’t do well with training five days a week,” I told him.
“If she became a warrior, who would I trick into helping me in the kitchen?” Medow said to her mate.
at the pack house,
“Fine. Forget I asked,” he said. The day had been fun, and it had given us the information we needed to improve the protection of the pack.
SHARE
###Battle of Fate 24
Game of Destiny 
Chapter 24-1
The day I woke up and found the ground covered in the first snow, felt like a giddy pup. I stood forever in front of the windows in my room and looked out over the white landscape. I had always loved snow, and I preferred the cold of winter to the heat of summer. The scent of snow had been in the air for days and I had been talking to
would take them sledding. There was a good slope for it in the wood the pupseveral of the pups in the pack and promised I
told me. We were in luck, as it was Saturday there was no school or work, 1 mindlinked with the pups‘ parents we getting ready. They had no ions to me taking the pups out for some fun in the snow. I rushed down to the kitchen and packed a big backpack full of hot chocolate, sandwiches, fruit and some blankets. I ate breakfast as I packed the backpack. Once I was done I headed outside to wait for the pups. It didn’t take long until Cadence and his best friend, Jon, joined me. Soon, Sam’s two nieces and four other pups had joined our little group.
“Who is ready for a fun time in the snow?” I asked.
“We are!” the pups called out as one. Everyone had their own sled with them. I had the food and we all were excited as we started our walk. The pups had been right, the hill was perfect for sledding, and the pups ran up and sled down in an endless circle. Some of the younger pups asked me to ride with them, which I was more than happy to do. We took a break and had some lunch. We spread the blankets over some fallen trees and had the sandwiches and hot chocolate. While Cadence and Jon helped me pack the blankets and mugs back into the backpack, the others had started to build snowmen. We all spent an hour building snowmen and doing snow angels. I sneaked off behind some trees and changed into my wolf. I jumped out and started chasing them around in the snow. The pups screamed and laughed as they tried to turn the tables and chase after me. We were in the middle of tumbling around in the snow when I heard a chuckle. We all turned towards the sound and saw Finlay standing, looking at us. 
“So this is where you have been,” he said.
Alpha!” the pups all announced and then rushed over to him to tell him all about what we had been doing. I just sat, in my wolf form, and watched.
‘We need to have a meeting,‘ Finlay mindlinked me as he listened to the pups. I knew him well enough by now to know that despite his happy face and relaxed body stance, this was something serious!
‘Party pooper,‘ I linked back as I headed to where my clothes were. When I had changed back into my human form and dressed, I returned to see Finlay had organised the pups for the walk back and picked up the backpack. We all walked back together, it started to snow. Big flakes fell and turned the world into an even more magical place. Finlay and I watched as the pups tried to catch the snow on their tongues. When we got back to the village, we found the parents waiting for us outside the pack house. Finlay must have mindlinked them. They all thanked me for entertaining their pups in the morning. I told them it was my pleasure.
“You looked like a pup,” Finlay remarked when we were alone, heading for the meeting room.
“I feel like one in the snow. That’s why I like to entertain pups on snow days like this. It gives me a good excuse to act like one.”
“It’s not often I see you so relaxed, red. I think the snow does you good. But maybe put a hat on,” he told me and brushed snow
from my head.
2
“Hey, watch the hair,” I said. More out of habit than because I was upset. He just smiled. As we walked into the meeting room, the
others were already there.
“You found her,” Medow said with a smile.
“I did,” Finlay agreed.
“You could have just mindlinked me, you know,” I told them as I took my seat after taking off my jacket.
“And miss the opportunity to see you tumble around the snow with the pups? I don’t think so, red.” We all settled down and everyone turned their attention to Finlay, we knew he had something important to tell us. 
1/2
Game of Destiny
Chapter 24-2 
“I received a call from Alpha Jackson of the Rolling Hills pack this morning,” he told us. We all nodded. “They are not an ally. What do you know about them?” he asked.
“They are a mid–tier pack,” Martin said.
“We don’t share any allies with them, so we haven’t interacted with hem,” Sam added.
“I know my old pack did some trade with them. But I don’t know any details,” Medow told us.
“They were too low rank for my old pack to consider a friendship with them. I have heard their old Alpha was a strong leader and the pack had a higher rank when he was Alpha. I think the current Alpha is his nephew or something like that. As I heard from my dad, he isn’t as strong of an Alpha as the former and they had dropped in rank because of it. I think they lost some allies as well,” I said. Finlay nodded. We all wanted to know why the Alpha had reached out to Finlay, but no one asked. If Finlay wanted us to know, he would tell us.
“Alpha Jackson made me an offer. He said he knew that with us being unranked, we were vulnerable. He said he had a stable pack with a good reputation and he offered us to join them,” Finlay informed us. We all looked at him for a moment, trying to take in the information.
“They want us to join them?” Martin asked.
“As in; we merge with them and their Alpha becomes our Alpha?” Sam asked. I felt both myself and my wolf to the thought.
“Yes,” Finlay said. “I know it feels strange to consider, but if it will keep the pack safe, we should at least discuss it.” I looked at Medow and I knew she was thinking the same thing I was.
“This doesn’t feel right,” she said.
“I agree. Something is missing. Did they ask for something in return for their generosity?” I asked. Finlay gave us a grin that wasn’t happy. 
“Yes, your instincts are correct. If we accept their offer, they expect us to hand over all pack assets, including the land, to them.”
“Hell no!” Martin called out.
“I’m with him,” I told Finlay.
“I don’t like this at all,” Sam said.
“I’m
with the rest of you,” Medow told us. 
“I’m happy I and the pack have your loyalty. But, as I said, we need to talk about it before we refuse it,” Finlay insisted.
“Fine. Let’s talk about why we think they really extended their offer. None of us thinks it’s out of kindness, right?” I said.
“Right. They would have offered to take us in before we settled down if they just wanted to help,” Martin agreed.
“They want, or need, our land,” Sam said.
“Do we know where they are located?” I asked,
Not specific, as we aren’t allies. But we know the general area,” Finlay told me.
1/2
Chapter 24 2 
Let’s look it up on a satellite map, see if there is anything we can deduce from It,” I suggested. Martin connected his laptop to the big screen on the wall and searched for the area Finlay gave him.
“Oh. Medow said as she saw it.
“That explains it,” Sam agreed. The map showed an area of mostly grass plains with rocky terrain popping up like islands. The few trees in the area stood spread out. As we moved over the map, we found some villages and some smaller cities, but nowhere did we see any forests or land that looked unoccupied by humans.
“It has to be difficult living there as a wolf,” Finlay remarked.
“They have to be on the constant lookout for humans,” Medow said, here was a lot of compassion in her voice.
“They are looking for a way to get out of the situation,” I concluded
“Then we offer to take them in, under our current Alpha and our pack,” Martin suggested. Both Finlay and I shook our heads.
“It won’t work. We won’t inherit their rank just because we take in their members. The only way to get the protection of their rank is for us to join them,” Finlay explained.
Chapter Comments 
Stayz
it’s sweet to see how fond of her Finley is.. I really hope they end up together
VIEW ALL 2 COMMENTS >
4
SHARE
POST COMMENT
2/2
Game of Destiny 
Chapter 25-1 
That sucks, Sam said.
“But won’t it be a detergent? Martin asked.
“How do you mean?” Finlay wanted to know.
“If we take their pack into ours. Won’t other packs know it and see it as us increasing in strength? Which would make them less likely to want to fight us,” Martin explained.
“That is a good point, Finlay told him.
“But do we want these wolves in our pack?” I asked. Everyone looked at me. “I’m not saying we shouldn’t be willing to help others. But I don’t think we have explored their motives deep enough. Yes, we know they need new lan
land. But why get it through merging with another pack?”
“Because they are a decent pack and don’t want to attack us?” Medow suggested.
“Sure. But why do they need another pack’s land at all? They are a mid tear pack. According to them, they are a stable pack. they should have the finances to buy new land. If their pack is living on land like that, why don’t they pool their resources, sell the land and get new land? When you left your old pack, you had non
notice, no time to plan, and you managed, as a new pack, to buy this land. Heck, we have managed to save up so we can buy a couple of more acres in spring. How long have they lived on that land?
How many years have they had to save up to move to a better place? I asked. There was silence around the table.
“You suspect there is trouble in their pack?” Finlay asked.
“I don’t know. I just know that there is a reason why they are still on that piece of land. Until I know what that reason is I’m not comfortable letting them into our pack. And I will vote no on us joining them. My wolf won’t accept a new Alpha,” I told him. He
chuckled.
“I should have expected as much,” he said. “What about the rest of you?” 
“A definite no on us joining them. We have a good pack, a strong pack in so many ways. I’m not willing to risk us going back into a pack which doesn’t have the right values. I’m open to letting them join us, but I agree
said.
With Amie, we need more information,” Marin
“I agree. Not to join them. Maybe to them joining us,” Sam agreed. Medow nodded.
“Maybe we can arrange a meeting and get to know them?” she suggested.
“That is a good idea,” Finlay said. “I will call Alpha Jackson and turn his offer down but suggest we find another solution.” Everyone agreed.
“Do you want to join me for a beer?” Finlay asked, as everyone got ready to leave.
“Sure,” I said. I got the feeling he had something he wanted to talk about. “How about we get some dinner to go from the pack kitchen?” I suggested.
“Great idea, I heard we are having pizza today.”
“Pizza and beer, that’s a good combo,” I told him. We got our pizza from the kitchen and headed over to Finlay’s house.
Take a seat on the couch,” he told me as he put his pizza box on the coffee table. As I got comfortable, he lit the big fireplace and got us beer. From the windows of either side of the fireplace you could see his snow–covered garden and beyond that the brook. It
1/2
Chapter 25-1 
was cosy sitting on the sofa with him, eating pizza and enjoying the ire and the view.
“What do you think will happen when I call the Rolling Hills Alpha Finlay asked as I had almost finished my pizza. I put down the slice it was eating and took a moment to think about the question.
“It depends on what kind of Alpha he is. If his intentions with the offer are good, he will most likely understand and be open to an alliance. If he had an ulterior motive, he wouldn’t be happy.” I answered. Finlay nodded. Ite had a hard look on his face which didn’t suit him. I liked the playful and relaxed look he had most of the time. Even when it was a mask. I could read him well enough that I didn’t need his expression to show me what mood he was in. Irritatingly enough, he was just as good at reading me as I was at reading him.
Chapter Comments 
Sfayz
haha I knew she would mention her mama
Sfayz
ah poor Fin
VIEW ALL 4 COMMENTS >
1
3 ?
SHARE
POST COMMENT
3
2
2/2
Game of Destiny 
Chapter 25-2 
“Do you think he will try to force the issue?
Sartack? Maybe. If he is desperate enough. I’m guessing they are uncertain of how strong we are, or that they are weaker than they look. Otherwise, they would have gone for that option from the start. The offer is too risky. They have to know that we won’t just accept it,” i thought out loud. “Or maybe it’s just me being a pessimist and they are really doing it out of the kindness of their heart. You know I like to prepare for the worst. I’m not really a happy happy, fluffy bunnies and unicorns that farts rainbows kind of a person.” I told him. He burst out laughing and it made me smile. At least I could brighten his mood a little.
*I needed that, thanks,” he said, still chuckling. Then he sighed and rned serious. “I think your are right to be on your guard. Something felt off with the call I had with him. He was too friendly, something with him rubbed my wolf the wrong way,” he said.
“Trust your instinct, it’s a good one. And I know you worry about the pack and about the threat we face because we aren’t ranked. But don’t let that guide you too much. We are a strong pack, and everyone in the pack is willing to take that risk because they believe in this pack and in you as it’s Alpha. None of us would be here if we didn’t,” I told him.
“Thank you. I think I need to be reminded of that sometimes,” he said. He put his feet on the coffee table. I was about to when I remembered we were in his house. He leaned back into the couch and looked out the window. It had started snowing again.
“I will remind you when I think you need to hear it. I just don’t want it to go to your head,” I told him and leaned back as well. I didn’t put my feet on the table though. I knew my mother’s spirit would take physical form and smack me in the head if I even tried. Finlay chuckled softly. We sat on the couch, watching the snow drinking beer and enjoying the peace and quiet. “I should head back home,” I said a couple of hours later. We had time to talk about less gloomy matters and play cards.
“It’s really coming down. I have a spare bedroom,” he offered. I laughed and gave him a friendly shove.
“I think I will be okay walking ten feet,” I said as I headed to the hallway to get my jacket.
“Fine. Just be careful.”
“I will. Thank you Finlay for a nice evening. It was fun,” I told him.
“Thank you for keeping me company and taking my mind off the call with the Alpha tomorrow.”
“No worries. If your mind gets out of control, just mindlink me. I have an astonishi
am more than happy to recite to you if needed.”
pile
of useless facts
stored in my head that I
“I will keep that in mind,” he said as he held open the door. The snow was really coming down, but the few feet between Finlay’s and the pack house was still easy to walk. As I reached the front door I felt myself being watched and turned around. I could barely see Finlay’s silhouette in the doorway of his house.
Are you seriously watching me walk ten feet?‘ I mindlinked him to ask.
‘You can’t be too careful. Sleep tight, red,‘ he linked back.
‘You too, Alpha. See you tomorrow.‘
###Battle of Fate 25
The day I woke up and found the ground covered in the first snow, felt like a giddy pup. I stood forever in front of the windows in my room and looked out over the white landscape. I had always loved snow, and I preferred the cold of winter to the heat of summer. The scent of snow had been in the air for days and I had been talking to
would take them sledding. There was a good slope for it in the wood the pupseveral of the pups in the pack and promised I
told me. We were in luck, as it was Saturday there was no school or work, 1 mindlinked with the pups‘ parents we getting ready. They had no ions to me taking the pups out for some fun in the snow. I rushed down to the kitchen and packed a big backpack full of hot chocolate, sandwiches, fruit and some blankets. I ate breakfast as I packed the backpack. Once I was done I headed outside to wait for the pups. It didn’t take long until Cadence and his best friend, Jon, joined me. Soon, Sam’s two nieces and four other pups had joined our little group.
“Who is ready for a fun time in the snow?” I asked.
“We are!” the pups called out as one. Everyone had their own sled with them. I had the food and we all were excited as we started our walk. The pups had been right, the hill was perfect for sledding, and the pups ran up and sled down in an endless circle. Some of the younger pups asked me to ride with them, which I was more than happy to do. We took a break and had some lunch. We spread the blankets over some fallen trees and had the sandwiches and hot chocolate. While Cadence and Jon helped me pack the blankets and mugs back into the backpack, the others had started to build snowmen. We all spent an hour building snowmen and doing snow angels. I sneaked off behind some trees and changed into my wolf. I jumped out and started chasing them around in the snow. The pups screamed and laughed as they tried to turn the tables and chase after me. We were in the middle of tumbling around in the snow when I heard a chuckle. We all turned towards the sound and saw Finlay standing, looking at us. 
“So this is where you have been,” he said.
Alpha!” the pups all announced and then rushed over to him to tell him all about what we had been doing. I just sat, in my wolf form, and watched.
‘We need to have a meeting,‘ Finlay mindlinked me as he listened to the pups. I knew him well enough by now to know that despite his happy face and relaxed body stance, this was something serious!
‘Party pooper,‘ I linked back as I headed to where my clothes were. When I had changed back into my human form and dressed, I returned to see Finlay had organised the pups for the walk back and picked up the backpack. We all walked back together, it started to snow. Big flakes fell and turned the world into an even more magical place. Finlay and I watched as the pups tried to catch the snow on their tongues. When we got back to the village, we found the parents waiting for us outside the pack house. Finlay must have mindlinked them. They all thanked me for entertaining their pups in the morning. I told them it was my pleasure.
“You looked like a pup,” Finlay remarked when we were alone, heading for the meeting room.
“I feel like one in the snow. That’s why I like to entertain pups on snow days like this. It gives me a good excuse to act like one.”
“It’s not often I see you so relaxed, red. I think the snow does you good. But maybe put a hat on,” he told me and brushed snow
from my head.
2
“Hey, watch the hair,” I said. More out of habit than because I was upset. He just smiled. As we walked into the meeting room, the
others were already there.
“You found her,” Medow said with a smile.
“I did,” Finlay agreed.
“You could have just mindlinked me, you know,” I told them as I took my seat after taking off my jacket.
“And miss the opportunity to see you tumble around the snow with the pups? I don’t think so, red.” We all settled down and everyone turned their attention to Finlay, we knew he had something important to tell us. 
1/2
Game of Destiny
Chapter 24-2 
“I received a call from Alpha Jackson of the Rolling Hills pack this morning,” he told us. We all nodded. “They are not an ally. What do you know about them?” he asked.
“They are a mid–tier pack,” Martin said.
“We don’t share any allies with them, so we haven’t interacted with hem,” Sam added.
“I know my old pack did some trade with them. But I don’t know any details,” Medow told us.
“They were too low rank for my old pack to consider a friendship with them. I have heard their old Alpha was a strong leader and the pack had a higher rank when he was Alpha. I think the current Alpha is his nephew or something like that. As I heard from my dad, he isn’t as strong of an Alpha as the former and they had dropped in rank because of it. I think they lost some allies as well,” I said. Finlay nodded. We all wanted to know why the Alpha had reached out to Finlay, but no one asked. If Finlay wanted us to know, he would tell us.
“Alpha Jackson made me an offer. He said he knew that with us being unranked, we were vulnerable. He said he had a stable pack with a good reputation and he offered us to join them,” Finlay informed us. We all looked at him for a moment, trying to take in the information.
“They want us to join them?” Martin asked.
“As in; we merge with them and their Alpha becomes our Alpha?” Sam asked. I felt both myself and my wolf to the thought.
“Yes,” Finlay said. “I know it feels strange to consider, but if it will keep the pack safe, we should at least discuss it.” I looked at Medow and I knew she was thinking the same thing I was.
“This doesn’t feel right,” she said.
“I agree. Something is missing. Did they ask for something in return for their generosity?” I asked. Finlay gave us a grin that wasn’t happy. 
“Yes, your instincts are correct. If we accept their offer, they expect us to hand over all pack assets, including the land, to them.”
“Hell no!” Martin called out.
“I’m with him,” I told Finlay.
“I don’t like this at all,” Sam said.
“I’m
with the rest of you,” Medow told us. 
“I’m happy I and the pack have your loyalty. But, as I said, we need to talk about it before we refuse it,” Finlay insisted.
“Fine. Let’s talk about why we think they really extended their offer. None of us thinks it’s out of kindness, right?” I said.
“Right. They would have offered to take us in before we settled down if they just wanted to help,” Martin agreed.
“They want, or need, our land,” Sam said.
“Do we know where they are located?” I asked,
Not specific, as we aren’t allies. But we know the general area,” Finlay told me.
1/2
Chapter 24 2 
Let’s look it up on a satellite map, see if there is anything we can deduce from It,” I suggested. Martin connected his laptop to the big screen on the wall and searched for the area Finlay gave him.
“Oh. Medow said as she saw it.
“That explains it,” Sam agreed. The map showed an area of mostly grass plains with rocky terrain popping up like islands. The few trees in the area stood spread out. As we moved over the map, we found some villages and some smaller cities, but nowhere did we see any forests or land that looked unoccupied by humans.
“It has to be difficult living there as a wolf,” Finlay remarked.
“They have to be on the constant lookout for humans,” Medow said, here was a lot of compassion in her voice.
“They are looking for a way to get out of the situation,” I concluded
“Then we offer to take them in, under our current Alpha and our pack,” Martin suggested. Both Finlay and I shook our heads.
“It won’t work. We won’t inherit their rank just because we take in their members. The only way to get the protection of their rank is for us to join them,” Finlay explained.
Chapter Comments 
Stayz
it’s sweet to see how fond of her Finley is.. I really hope they end up together
VIEW ALL 2 COMMENTS >
4
SHARE
POST COMMENT
2/2
Game of Destiny 
Chapter 25-1 
That sucks, Sam said.
“But won’t it be a detergent? Martin asked.
“How do you mean?” Finlay wanted to know.
“If we take their pack into ours. Won’t other packs know it and see it as us increasing in strength? Which would make them less likely to want to fight us,” Martin explained.
“That is a good point, Finlay told him.
“But do we want these wolves in our pack?” I asked. Everyone looked at me. “I’m not saying we shouldn’t be willing to help others. But I don’t think we have explored their motives deep enough. Yes, we know they need new lan
land. But why get it through merging with another pack?”
“Because they are a decent pack and don’t want to attack us?” Medow suggested.
“Sure. But why do they need another pack’s land at all? They are a mid tear pack. According to them, they are a stable pack. they should have the finances to buy new land. If their pack is living on land like that, why don’t they pool their resources, sell the land and get new land? When you left your old pack, you had non
notice, no time to plan, and you managed, as a new pack, to buy this land. Heck, we have managed to save up so we can buy a couple of more acres in spring. How long have they lived on that land?
How many years have they had to save up to move to a better place? I asked. There was silence around the table.
“You suspect there is trouble in their pack?” Finlay asked.
“I don’t know. I just know that there is a reason why they are still on that piece of land. Until I know what that reason is I’m not comfortable letting them into our pack. And I will vote no on us joining them. My wolf won’t accept a new Alpha,” I told him. He
chuckled.
“I should have expected as much,” he said. “What about the rest of you?” 
“A definite no on us joining them. We have a good pack, a strong pack in so many ways. I’m not willing to risk us going back into a pack which doesn’t have the right values. I’m open to letting them join us, but I agree
said.
With Amie, we need more information,” Marin
“I agree. Not to join them. Maybe to them joining us,” Sam agreed. Medow nodded.
“Maybe we can arrange a meeting and get to know them?” she suggested.
“That is a good idea,” Finlay said. “I will call Alpha Jackson and turn his offer down but suggest we find another solution.” Everyone agreed.
“Do you want to join me for a beer?” Finlay asked, as everyone got ready to leave.
“Sure,” I said. I got the feeling he had something he wanted to talk about. “How about we get some dinner to go from the pack kitchen?” I suggested.
“Great idea, I heard we are having pizza today.”
“Pizza and beer, that’s a good combo,” I told him. We got our pizza from the kitchen and headed over to Finlay’s house.
Take a seat on the couch,” he told me as he put his pizza box on the coffee table. As I got comfortable, he lit the big fireplace and got us beer. From the windows of either side of the fireplace you could see his snow–covered garden and beyond that the brook. It
1/2
Chapter 25-1 
was cosy sitting on the sofa with him, eating pizza and enjoying the ire and the view.
“What do you think will happen when I call the Rolling Hills Alpha Finlay asked as I had almost finished my pizza. I put down the slice it was eating and took a moment to think about the question.
“It depends on what kind of Alpha he is. If his intentions with the offer are good, he will most likely understand and be open to an alliance. If he had an ulterior motive, he wouldn’t be happy.” I answered. Finlay nodded. Ite had a hard look on his face which didn’t suit him. I liked the playful and relaxed look he had most of the time. Even when it was a mask. I could read him well enough that I didn’t need his expression to show me what mood he was in. Irritatingly enough, he was just as good at reading me as I was at reading him.
Chapter Comments 
Sfayz
haha I knew she would mention her mama
Sfayz
ah poor Fin
VIEW ALL 4 COMMENTS >
1
3 ?
SHARE
POST COMMENT
3
2
2/2
Game of Destiny 
Chapter 25-2 
“Do you think he will try to force the issue?
Sartack? Maybe. If he is desperate enough. I’m guessing they are uncertain of how strong we are, or that they are weaker than they look. Otherwise, they would have gone for that option from the start. The offer is too risky. They have to know that we won’t just accept it,” i thought out loud. “Or maybe it’s just me being a pessimist and they are really doing it out of the kindness of their heart. You know I like to prepare for the worst. I’m not really a happy happy, fluffy bunnies and unicorns that farts rainbows kind of a person.” I told him. He burst out laughing and it made me smile. At least I could brighten his mood a little.
*I needed that, thanks,” he said, still chuckling. Then he sighed and rned serious. “I think your are right to be on your guard. Something felt off with the call I had with him. He was too friendly, something with him rubbed my wolf the wrong way,” he said.
“Trust your instinct, it’s a good one. And I know you worry about the pack and about the threat we face because we aren’t ranked. But don’t let that guide you too much. We are a strong pack, and everyone in the pack is willing to take that risk because they believe in this pack and in you as it’s Alpha. None of us would be here if we didn’t,” I told him.
“Thank you. I think I need to be reminded of that sometimes,” he said. He put his feet on the coffee table. I was about to when I remembered we were in his house. He leaned back into the couch and looked out the window. It had started snowing again.
“I will remind you when I think you need to hear it. I just don’t want it to go to your head,” I told him and leaned back as well. I didn’t put my feet on the table though. I knew my mother’s spirit would take physical form and smack me in the head if I even tried. Finlay chuckled softly. We sat on the couch, watching the snow drinking beer and enjoying the peace and quiet. “I should head back home,” I said a couple of hours later. We had time to talk about less gloomy matters and play cards.
“It’s really coming down. I have a spare bedroom,” he offered. I laughed and gave him a friendly shove.
“I think I will be okay walking ten feet,” I said as I headed to the hallway to get my jacket.
“Fine. Just be careful.”
“I will. Thank you Finlay for a nice evening. It was fun,” I told him.
“Thank you for keeping me company and taking my mind off the call with the Alpha tomorrow.”
“No worries. If your mind gets out of control, just mindlink me. I have an astonishi
am more than happy to recite to you if needed.”
pile
of useless facts
stored in my head that I
“I will keep that in mind,” he said as he held open the door. The snow was really coming down, but the few feet between Finlay’s and the pack house was still easy to walk. As I reached the front door I felt myself being watched and turned around. I could barely see Finlay’s silhouette in the doorway of his house.
Are you seriously watching me walk ten feet?‘ I mindlinked him to ask.
‘You can’t be too careful. Sleep tight, red,‘ he linked back.
‘You too, Alpha. See you tomorrow.‘
###Battle of Fate 26
I sighed as I sat down at my desk. I knew I usually joked that I hated being Alpha. It wasn’t true. Most days I liked it, it
came naturally to me. But there were aspects of it I didn’t like. Like paperwork. It was an endless tide of paperwork
involved in running the pack. There was the paperwork for the pack and its finances, there was the paperwork the
humans demanded we keep, and then there was the paperwork for the council. Since Amie had joined the pack, she had
been a great help with it. She knew how much I hated it and how my mood took a turn for the worse when I had to
endure it for a long period. So she decided to rescue both me and the pack and give me a hand. Now she always joined
me during my paperwork sessions. The work seemed to go by much faster and just having someone to grumble to, made it easier to deal with. And then there was the part of being Alpha that I was heading into. I was about to call Alpha
Jackson and tell him we were turning his offer down. It was the right decision; it had been my instinct when he had called me to extend the offer. But I wanted to hear the opinion of my cabinet. To my relief, they had all agreed with me. Amie
had taken the last doubt from me during our conversation. I knew I was leaning on her. During the months Amie had
been in the pack the thing between us had grown stronger. We didn’t speak about it but I knew she felt it too. I had no
idea what it was. I knew it wasn’t a mate bond, I wasn’t delusional. But it was something. Whatever it was, I enjoyed her
company. She always made me feel better and less stressed. Just spending an evening talking and playing cards did wonders. I knew that sooner or later we would need to talk about it. I also had a feeling I wouldn’t like her take on it. So, I
pushed it into the future. The thoughts about Amie called forth the memory of her playing with the pups in the snow
yesterday. It was no big mystery why the pack loved her. She was generous and caring, she was protective of the ones she
cared about and she was smart. And yesterday I had learnt the gorgeous wolf had a pup living inside her that was called
forth by the snow. To watch her play tag with the pups had been the highlight of my day. I had watched them for a while
before making my presence known. The memory I tucked away to use on days when I needed a pick up. I sighed. I was
postponing the inevitable. I ran my hand through my hair and picked up the phone.
“Jakson Hill,” the other Alpha answered.
“Alpha Jackson, this is Alpha Finlay,” I told him.
“Ah, Finlay, calling back so soon?” Alpha Jackson said. It rubbed me the wrong way. Only my friends called me by my first
name without my title. He was not one of my friends. But I swallowed it.
“Yes, I had a discussion with the top tier of the pack and we were all in agreement. The decision therefore didn’t take
long,” I told him.
“I didn’t expect anything else.” I heard the smugness in his voice and it made me happy that I was about to give him a
surprise.
“I’m happy you understand, Jackson. Your offer was more than generous, but my pack will not be joining yours. But we
recognise the generosity in you giving us this offer and we would like to meet and discuss an alliance,” I said. There was a
long silence from the other side, if I hadn’t heard him breathing I would have thought he left.
“You turn the offer down?” he asked.
“Yes. As generous as it is for you to offer it, we don’t feel like it’s in our best interest at this point.”
“Have you forgotten that your pack is unranked?” Alpha Jackson asked.
“How can I forget a thing like that? No, I haven’t forgotten. But we are satisfied we can protect ourselves if it is needed. If
anyone deems it fit to test us, they will learn that even though we are unranked, we are strong,” I said in a calm voice.
“That is good. Good. Well, let’s set up a meeting and talk alliance,” Alpha Jackson said. He tried to sound relaxed and at
peace with the outcome. But his anger bled through.
***
I was standing in front of the pack later that evening. I had called a pack meeting and the dining room in the pack house
had been transformed into a meeting room. The tables had been made into a large square and everyone of age in the
pack sat facing the middle. Me and my closest wolves sat at one side, all eyes on me.
“That is why we turned down their offer,” I told the pack after I had explained things. There was an agreeing murmur
amongst the gathered wolves.
“We don’t want to join another pack,” Jake said and others agreed.
“We left one pack because we felt oppressed. We won’t give up our freedom for an unknown pack. If we wanted to trade
our freedom for security, we would go back to our old one,” Matilda told them. The pack agreed and I smiled at my aunt.
“We will meet with Alpha Jackson and two of his top wolves in two weeks time at a neutral location. We are looking into
forming an alliance with them,” I told the pack. I didn’t tell them the meeting was more of an opportunity for us to assess
their true nature. It wasn’t that I didn’t trust my pack, but I knew some things were best to keep close. “When we are
gone, I want the rest of you to be on high alert. I don’t think anything will happen. But I want us to be on the safe side,” I
said. Nodding heads agreed with me. We went on to talk about more mundane topics. Afterward the top tier retreated
back to our meeting room.
“I will take two of you with me, so our groups are equal,” I told them.
“Me and Sam should go with you. Amie and Medow can watch over the pack,” Martin said. I was glad he had suggested
it, so I didn’t have to. My protectiveness towards Amie was strong, and I didn’t know if I had it in me to have her with me
in a hostile situation.
“That’s a bad idea,” Amie said and shattered my satisfied calm.
“Why?” I asked.
“Because Sam won’t be happy leaving Medow behind in a possibly dangerous situation. His focus won’t be on the
meeting. Medow will be worried about Sam as he is going into a meeting with a threat against him. Besides that, Sam is
the Gamma. If this is a ruse to get the strongest wolves away from the pack so they can attack behind our backs, it’s best
if he is here. He knows the warriors and the defence plan better than anyone,” she explained. I hated that it made sense.
“It sounds logical,” Sam said as an echo of my own thoughts.
“I would be grateful to not be split up from Sam,” Medow agreed. I didn’t like the idea of bringing Amie with us to a
potentially dangerous meeting. My wolf didn’t like it either. But she made too much fucking sense for me to . I
couldn’t find a single thing to use as a reason she should stay. Other than that, I didn’t like to put her in danger. And that would be too revealing. If we had been mates, even chosen ones, it would have been a good reason. Now it would just
make things awkward.
“Fine. Martin and Amie, you will come with me. Sam and Medow, you will stay and guard the pack. We will keep in
regular contact.”
“We have almost two weeks to plan and strategise,” Amie told them.
“Why does it sound like you are having fun?” Martin asked.
“Maybe not fun. I know how serious the situation is. But my dad always used to come back from meetings like this and
tell me and my brother about how they had tried to trick each other and how they battled to get the upper hand in the
negotiations. It always sounded like fun,” she told us. “I guess I’m looking forward to trying it out.” It reminded me how
different our upbringings had been despite us both being the second child in a top ranking family. My father had never
been unkind to me. He had been a good father in most ways, and I thought of him fondly. He had just not seen the point
of including me in his work. He knew my brother would take over after him, so from his point of view, it was just logical
that he trained my brother. Amie’s family had done things differently, and I envied her the openness they seemed to have
shared. If I ever had pups of my own, I would do it like Amie’s father, I told myself.
###Battle of Fate 27
I was sitting in the back of Finlay’s car. He and Martin sat up front. The tense energy rolled off of them in waves.
“Can we try to relax?” I asked. “I know this is a stressful meeting, but if we go in like this, we will add fuel to a fire.” Finlay
rolled his shoulders and tried to keep the car steady.
“You’re right,” Martin admitted and made a conscious effort to relax. “When we get there, I think it would make the most
sense if me and the Alpha flanked you, Amie,” he then said.
“Keep on dreaming. When have you ever seen an Alpha flank a member of their pack that isn’t their Luna? Standard
procedure is Alpha in the middle, you to the right and me to the left,” I ed.
“I don’t know, Amie,” Finlay started to say.
“Okay. I know what this is and while I find it sweet that the two of you think you need to protect me, you don’t. I’m here
as a member of the top tier of the pack. We can’t make it look like I’m weak. If nothing else, it will paint a target on my
back. I can hold my own, thank you very much,” I told them. They exchanged a look. “Don’t make me slap you in the
head.”
“Fine. We do it as it should be done,” Finlay agreed. I could see in the back view mirror he had the look on his face he
usually had when he knew he was making the right decision, but he hated it.
“Fine,” Martin said.
“Don’t we all feel a lot better now? How long until we are there?” I asked. Both of them shook their heads.
“Twenty minutes,” Finlay answered. I relaxed back. The tension was still there, but it had eased a bit. We had decided on a
neutral meeting place roughly at the halfway point between the packs. As neither one of us wanted the other pack to
know our exact location, it had been a best guess. They arrived at the meeting place. It was a rest stop in the middle of
nowhere. A few picnic tables stood half buried in snow in the middle of a clearing next to the road. Finlay parked in the
large parking area that was deserted this time of year. The cold did not affect werewolves as it did humans. We could sit
in the snow and have the meeting. Finlay didn’t have time to turn the car off before another car came from the opposite
direction and parked on the other side of the parking lot. Everyone exited their car at the same time. Martin and I flanked
Finlay as the two groups of wolves walked towards each other.
“Alpha Finlay, we finally meet.”
“Alpha Jackson, a pleasure.” The two Alphas shook hands. I noticed Finlay was both taller and looked stronger than Alpha
Jackson. Both me and my wolf took pride in that. The two men flanking Alpha Jakson looked like a cross between a bull
and a bodybuilder. They took in me and Martin and I saw the smirk they gave us. They believed they could easily take us
in a fight if it came to that. I smiled back. I believed that I could do some serious damage before I was taken down. I
could even win a fight against one of them if I played my cards right. As the two Alphas walked over to a picnic table, we
followed. The snow was cleared off and two tables were placed next to each other, mostly so that the Beta and Gamma of
the other pack wouldn’t squeeze their Alpha into much if they tried to all sit on one bench. We sat down and Alpha
Jackson smiled at me.
“It’s an unusual choice to bring the Beta female to a meeting like this,” he said to Finlay. It was my upbringing that
stopped me from scoffing and rolling my eyes. An Alpha should be treated with respect, even if he was an idiot.
“Amie is my advisor. She has her own seat among the top tier,” Finlay corrected him. “To my right is my Beta, Martin.”
Alpha Jakson and his two men looked at me with surprise. That’s right, I have value, I thought to myself.
“To my right is my Beta, Peter, and to my left my Gamma, Stephen,” Alpha Jackson introduced them. As the formalities were over with, I took out the small bag I had with me and put sandwiches on the table and poured us all coffee from a
thermos.
“Please, help yourself,” I told the other pack. All three of them stared at what I had offered. I could see them mindlinking
each other.
‘I can’t believe that worked,’ Martin mindlinked me and Finlay.
Just a heads up: novel5s.com is the only place to read the complete version of this book for free. Don’t miss out on the
next chapter—visit us now and continue your journey!
‘Told you it would. If they refuse, they show they don’t trust us, which they don’t want to do. If they accept they have
taken a gift from us without having something to repay it with. Then they are indebted to us,’ I linked back. Beta Peter
took one of the mugs of coffee and sipped it.
“Thank you,” he said. I just nodded.
‘We win the first round,’ I linked to my two friends.
‘Remind me to not play any strategy based games with you, ever,’ Martin replied. The discussion between the Alpha moved slowly. It was clear there was no trust between them. I was suspicious of why Alpha Jackson was sitting opposite
us when he clearly wasn’t interested in forming an alliance. I gathered the now empty mugs and empty sandwich
wrappers and stuffed them back in the bag. As I did it, I looked at my phone. It was a message from Medow sent four
minutes ago.
Medow: Everything is calm here. Hope you are doing well.
I linked Martin and Finlay to let them know. It made this whole thing even more confusing to me. If they weren’t
interested in talking, and if they weren’t using this time to sneak attack us, then what were we doing here?
“I think we have come as far as we can today,” Finlay said after another round of meaningless discussion.
“I agree. I think we have made progress,” Alpha Jackson said. Both stood up and the rest of us followed. The Alphas
stood to the side, shook hands and exchanged empty pleasantries. The Gamma walked up to me.
Just a heads up: novel5s.com is the only place to read the complete version of this book for free. Don’t miss out on the
next chapter—visit us now and continue your journey!
“If all the females in your pack look like you, we will need to give the merging packs another go. Why don’t you and I
take a little walk in the woods?” he suggested. Martin took a step in between us, facing the brute of a Gamma.
“Protecting the little flower?” the man laughed. Martin chuckled.
“You think I’m protecting Amie? That’s cute. I’m not protecting her from you. I’m protecting you from her. My Alpha has
gone to big trouble to get these talks going positively. I’m thinking that Amie maiming you by removing an appendage
from you, probably one you really like, might toss a wrench in that. So, here I am, protecting you from her,” he told the
gorilla-like man. I took pleasure in seeing the Gamma change his stance and close the gap between his legs. Finlay
turned to look at us and I gave him a big smile. One of his eyebrows went up, as usual he saw through my attempt to
look innocent. When we got back into the car and watched the others do the same, I still had the feeling I was missing
something. As we left the parking area and headed for home, we all sat in silence for a while.
“Anyone else feel like they’re missing the big read blinking neon sign telling us what the fuck this meeting was?” Martin
asked. Both Finlay and I laughed and agreed.
“He didn’t even try to broker an alliance,” Finlay said. “Not that I wanted one, but he made it obvious.”
“I was sure they intended to attack the pack behind our backs. But everything is still peaceful at home,” I said.
“That’s something to be grateful for,” Martin commented. Both Finlay and I agreed.
“It may be as easy as they wanted to assess how strong we are, and they decided we are too strong for them to mess with us,” Finlay suggested. The rest of the drive home was made mostly in silence. All three of us had things to think
about.
When we got back to the pack, we could feel the tension in the air. As news about our safe return spread, the pack
relaxed. We spent some time just walking around, letting the pack see us and talk to us. Then the top rank gathered in
our meeting room to discuss the day. Sam and Medow had nothing to report. No stray wolves had been detected along
the borders, no threats, nothing out of the ordinary. According to them, it had been a day like any other day. We ended
up discussing the odd behaviour of Alpha Jackson and his Beta and Gamma. After hours, we reluctantly decided we had
too little information to come to a conclusion. We decided to keep a close eye on the pack and increase the patrols of the
borders. I could see how much it bothered Finlay to leave things open.
###Battle of Fate 28
Spring had finally come to the pack land and Finley had decided to celebrate it with a BBQ at his house. Invited was the
top tier, Matilda and Cadence family. Jake had trained the pups and adults in hiding and evading for almost a year. He
had become close to both me and Sam and the pack had a new appreciation for him. He was an amazing strategist and
was good at handling the pups, making the training into playtime. Finley stood on his deck and manned the BBQ. I kept
him company as the others were setting the table inside and cooked the side dishes.
“You look happy,” he said.
“I am. I got an invitation from CeCe today. You remember her, right?”
“Sure. The woman who was there when we picked you up.”
“Right. So, Jessie, the man who was there to see me off,” I clarified for him. Finlay nodded but didn’t look happy. “He
proposed to CeCe, it was about time if you ask me, so they sent me a save the date for their wedding. June twenty fifth,”
I told him. I didn’t expect him to get all giddy like I had been when I red the invite. But I hadn’t expected him to look like
he had bitten into a lemon either. “What?”
“Nothing,” he said. I gave him a look and he sighed.
“The gathering of packs is the same week,” he reminded me.
“Crap. I had totally forgotten. It’s okay, I’ll just tell them I can’t make it.”
“No, you should go. they are your friends and a wedding is a big deal,” Finlay insisted.
“It is. But the pack comes first. You need someone to go with you and then someone needs to stay with the pack.”
“I don’t need someone to go with me. I’m a big Alpha, I can manage on my own. Beside, most Alphas take their Lunas as
the plus one. I will be fine,” he insisted. I hesitated. We didn’t talk about it but his brother would be there and from what I
could tell, the previous years hadn’t been easy when the two met.
“Why do you both look like thunderclouds? It’s spring, we are having a BBQ and we are supposed to be happy,” Martin
said as he came walking with a beer each for us.
“Thank you,” I said, taking one.
“We were discussing that Amie has received a wedding invitation for her friends’ wedding the same weekend that I’m to
go to the meeting of the packs,” Finlay said.
“Oh. So you told her you would go alone to the meeting and I would go with her, leaving Sam and Medow to watch over
the pack and she didn’t like it?” Martin asked. I stared at him.
“What?” I said.
“I hadn’t got quite as far,” Finlay told him.
“Well, it’s the only reasonable solution.”
“Wait. Why do I need an escort? I’m going to a small town wedding with people I know, humans. Finlay is going into week long meeting with every other pack. Some are openly hostile towards us. If anything he needs an escort,” I
ed. Martin looked at Finlay and shrugged.
“He can look after himself,” he said.
“Look, red. Just do as he says. The two of you can have some fun and we will feel safe knowing you are not alone. I will
know to be on the lookout for trouble. But if trouble finds you, it will be unexpected,” Finlay said.
“Fine.” I caved. “As you are being kind enough to tag along, I will make sure to introduce you to all the single ladies in
the town. They will have a field day with you,” I told Martin. He laughed and looked pleased. We had grown close and I
saw Martin like an older brother. He always took the opportunity to tease me or make a joke that had me blushing. But at
the same time he was protective of me and more than once when we had met other packs did he team up with Finlay to make sure single wolves stayed away from me. I didn’t mind.
“Sounds like I’m the lucky one. I’ll let the others know,” Martin said and walked inside. Finlay and I stood in silence. It was
a nice silence. I was looking out over his garden where Cadence was running around.
“You should get going with your garden, soon it will be too late,” I told him.
“My garden?” he asked, as if he had never heard of the concept.
“Yes. You know, milling and turning the soil, cutting down the perennials, planning what to plant in the garden patches.
All the good stuff,” I explained.
Just a heads up: novel5s.com is the only place to read the complete version of this book for free. Don’t miss out on the
next chapter—visit us now and continue your journey!
“Oh, I don’t do that.”
“You don’t do that?”
“No.”
“Then what do you do with your garden?” I asked.
“Nothing really.” He must have seen the look on my face, because he continued. “When I built my house, I thought it was
a good idea to have a garden. I imagined a mate, some pups, and then a garden was a nice touch. The pups could play
out here, we could grow some vegetables. It felt right. But now. It’s nice to be able to come out here in the summer. But I
don’t have the time to tend to the garden and I barely eat at home, so the produce would go to waste,” he explained. Mates were a topic we usually stayed clear of. Not like it was a forbidden topic, but with my past and Finlay not having
found his mate, it was a subject neither of us enjoyed.
“You shouldn’t let it go to waste. You have such an amazing garden,” I insisted.
“It was my aunt who designed it,” he told me. It didn’t surprise me.
“I’m guessing she isn’t happy with the state of it,” I told him with a knowing smile.
“No, I’m not,” Matilda said as she joined us. “I have told him he needs to take care of it. I didn’t plan it and oversee its
creation to let it become overgrown,” she added.
“Come now. It’s not overgrown. I pay the Hudson kid each summer to mow the lawn and I usually cut down things that
get too big,” Finlay defended himself. Matilda rolled her eyes.
“I’m going to come over next weekend and sort out your garden. I will give you suggestions on what seeds to get and I
will grow them for you. We can give the crop to the pack kitchen,” I told him. Matilda smiled and nodded while her
nephew just looked at me.
“Do you have time for that?” he asked. I shrugged.
Just a heads up: novel5s.com is the only place to read the complete version of this book for free. Don’t miss out on the
next chapter—visit us now and continue your journey!
“If you do it the right way, it doesn’t have to take up that much time. I don’t have a garden of my own and I kind of miss working in one,” I said honestly. Growing up, it had been part of my brother’s and mine tasks to help out in my mother’s
beloved garden. We had both protested, but secretly we both enjoyed it.
“Are you sure?” Finlay asked.
“Just accept her offer and say thank you,” his aunt told him. “I would have done it myself if I was younger.”
“Thank you,” Finlay said to me. I laughed.
“It’s okay. I will enjoy it.”
“Isn’t it time you start looking at getting a house of your own?” he asked. I scrunched my nose. I had the means to build
a house. My salary from the pack was good and I didn’t have things I spent my money on except for my share of the
food budget in the pack house. But I had no desire to build my own house. I was happy in my apartment. I had been in
the pack for almost a year and I had turned the room into my own.
“I think I will hold off on that,” I said.
“Oh, honestly. The two of you. Clueless,” Matilda told us. “I thought it would be nice with some spring air. But this is just
frustrating,” she sighed and walked away to talk to Candance.
“What is she talking about?” I asked.
“I have no clue. It’s probably something obvious to her but not to anyone else and she is annoyed that we haven’t
figured it out yet. She’ll tell us when she is tired of us not seeing it,” he said. “Are you sure you are okay with looking
after the garden? I know you have a lot on your plate.”
“I am. It will be relaxing, and I have missed gardening.”
“Then just give me a list of what I need to get and I will make sure you have it. I trust you know what is best. The only
thing I will ask is that you grow sugar pees. I love picking and eating them,” he told me.
“I think we can make that happen. I’ll stop by on Saturday and when I’m done for the day, you will have your list.”
###Battle of Fate 29
artin refused to ride in Beula to the wedding. He told me no self respecting wolf would ever be seen in a car like that,
and we would most likely end up stranded by the side of the road if we did. I thought he was being judgmental. Beula
had done me good. She had always been reliable. But since he refused, we were sitting in his car with him behind the
wheel. It had been over a year since I left the little town to join the pack. I had kept in touch with CeCe but it still felt
strange returning. The part of my life where I had lived as a human felt like a dream.
“Excited to go back and see your friends?” Martin asked.
“I am. It will be nice to see everyone, and I’m happy for CeCe and Jessie. This has been a long time coming,” I told him.
“So, how do you want to introduce me? As your boyfriend?” he asked with a grin. I laughed.
“Don’t be gross,” I said. He laughed as well.
“Come on, I thought it was a big deal to have a date for events like these when you are human,” he insisted.
“I guess it is. I never understood that part of their culture. Maybe because I’m werewolf and we don’t tend to place as
much importance on dating. Or maybe it’s because of the whole rejection thing. And since I’m dragging you to this
thing, I don’t want to block you from having some fun. The ladies will go crazy for you, trust me. You have a high chance
of scoring at this thing. But it won’t be with me,” I told him and gigged.
“Of course not with you, who is being gross now? I don’t need to score, I do good on that department when I want to.
Are you planning to score?” he asked.
“You know me. I’m staying away from anything romantic.”
“Yeah, I know. And I get why in the pack. All single wolves have a potential mate out there, it’s a one-sided risk in your
case. Totally get it. But these are humans, there is no such risk here.”
“Maybe not. I’m not interested in a one-night thing. I know these men, they are not someone I would consider for a
relationship. I guess it would make sense for me to have a relationship with a human. But I don’t like the idea. There is a
huge gap between how we live and how we see the world,” I said. And then there was this thing between Finlay and me. I
didn’t say it, but I knew that as long as I had unresolved feelings for our Alpha, no one else would feel right.
“You should know since you lived among them for years. Then I don’t see why you don’t just tell people I’m your
boyfriend.”
“Because we are going to a wedding. One of the most romantic social events in the human world. If I show up with my
boyfriend they will expect us to act all lubby dubby, kissing and cuddling and slow dancing and stuff,” I explained and
looked at him. I made a face and I laughed. I loved Martin and I knew he loved me, but we were as brother and sister and
anything else felt wrong. Imagining kissing Martin felt the same as imagining kissing Elder. “Thought so.”
“Fine, I get it. But just so we are clear, I will make sure other men stay away from you.” I laughed and shook my head.
“And why is that? You just asked me if I planned to get laid.”
“That was to scope your intentions. Now I know I don’t have to talk sense into you and I can just do my thing,” he said,
and sounded pleased.
“What is up with you?” I asked. He glanced over at me and sighed.
“Let’s talk about the elephant in the car.”
“Do we have one of those?” I asked.
“We do. You know I love you like a sister.”
“I do.”
“And Finlay is my best friend.” Oh shit, I thought. “I’m not blind, I can see whatever it is between the two of you. It’s
frustrating to watch but it’s up to you to deal with. I’m just making sure that since he can’t be here, I will make sure I
keep you safe.” My heart was pounding in my chest. I thought I had been hiding my feelings.
“Does everyone know?” I asked.
Just a heads up: novel5s.com is the only place to read the complete version of this book for free. Don’t miss out on the
next chapter—visit us now and continue your journey!
“No. Matilda does, because she sees everything. Maybe Medow does as well, but she hides it well if she does. Sam has
no clue. The rest of the pack. I don’t think they see what I see. But everyone knows the two of you are close. Why do you
act as if it’s a problem if the others know?”
“I don’t know. It’s between Finlay and me and even we don’t talk about it. It’s just kind of just is.”
“And why is that?”
“Because if we talk about it we need to make a decision on how to move forward and I’m too big of a coward for that,” I
said. He laughed, but when he noticed me not laughing, he glanced at me.
“You are serious?”
“I am.”
“But what is there to be scared of? And I have never seen you scared, why are you running away from this of all things?”
“Because. Because there are two outcomes. Either we decide to start something or we decide to leave it and pretend it
doesn’t exist.”
“Right.”
“What if we give it a try and he finds his mate?” I asked.
“Yeah, I see that it’s a shitty option. But he is almost twenty-five and he hasn’t found her despite having been to several
packs the last years in his Alpha role. The risk is low that he will find her. She could be dead or mated and then he never will,” Martin told me.
“But if he does?”
“I have seen how he looks at you, Amie. I don’t think that will change. My guess is he would choose you.”
“And then I will be the reason why someone gets rejected. I know how that feels, I wouldn’t wish it on my worst enemy. How could I do that to someone?”
“I see your point. But if the two of you mate his link to his true mate will be cut. Then there would be no rejection,” he
pointed out.
“Just someone that will forever be looking for their mate that I stole. And could I do that to Finlay? His true mate is his
perfect match. This whole thing is such a fucking mess. I hate it,” I sighed and shook my head.
“I’m sorry, Amie. I didn’t want to make you upset. I just see how the two of you act and to me it’s obvious the two of you
belong together. I didn’t consider all the things around it. I get why you don’t talk about it.”
“It’s okay. I just don’t want things between me and Finlay to become strange or awkward. He is too important to me. So
for now, we will continue this, whatever it is.”
“I get it. If you need to vent, you can always talk to me. I will keep your secrets safe,” he promised. I smiled.
“You are amazing and I’m thankful you’re in my life. And thank you for coming with me to this wedding. I won’t feel
lonely when you are here,” I told him.
“Hey, you are my little sister in all but blood. Of course I came with you. Just know that our talk hasn’t changed my mind.
I will still make sure the men keep away from you,” he told me. I laughed.
“I don’t mind.”
###Battle of Fate 30
We arrived in the town in the afternoon and I guided Martin to the diner. I had barely got out of the
car when I found myself in a hug. CeCe squealed as she hugged me. I laughed and hugged her
back.
“You look amazing!” she told me.
“Look who’s talking. You are radiating,” I said to her. She giggled.
“I am annoyingly happy,” she confessed, making me laugh.
“As you should be. Come and meet my friend,” I said and pulled her over to where Martin stood
with an amused smile. “CeCe this is Martin, Martin this is CeCe, the bride to be,” I introduced
them.
“Hello, and congratulations,” he said.
“Thank you and welcome to the metropolitan we call home.” CeCe leaned in to me. “That’s not the
man you left with,” she whispered. Martin could hear her with his improved hearing, and he had to
fight not to laugh.
“I know,” I whispered back.
“Where is the other one? Did you dump him?” she continued our whispered conversation.
“I told you, me and Finlay are just friends. He had to go on a business trip,” I explained.
“And you just had a spare hunk lying around? What is this place you have moved to and can I come
as well?” she asked. Martin had to pretend to look for something in the back of his car. But my
hearing and the slight shaking of his shoulders told me he was laughing.
“CeCe!” I pretended to be shocked. “You are getting married tomorrow.”
“I know. But I mean,” she said, doing a small gesture behind Marin’s back, indicating his ass. I
laughed.
“I’m happy you haven’t changed,” I told her. She sighed and shook her head.
ll go to the coffeeshop. Mrs Andersen has turned the apartment
. We could have stayed in
guests. It’s only right that we put you u
old her as he reached for my overnight bag as well
h looked relaxed for a couple who had a wedding the next day. Very little had changed in town and
the diner was still a meeting hub, the locals had heard about my return and many came by to say ‘hi’
and talk a little. Martin kept his word and made sure men kept a distance from me.
ur life,” she huffed as she showed us the apartment. At least the apartment had changed since I saw
it last. It was now decorated in an idyllic c
Just a heads up: novel5s.com is the only place to read the complete version of this book for free.
Don’t miss out on the next chapter—visit us now and continue your journey!
‘No one is buying the friends act,’ Martin mind linked me as we said goodbye to Mrs Andersen.
‘Apparently not. We are lucky we didn’t decide to pretend to be dating. They would have made
tomorrow into a double wedding,’ I told him and I could see him snickering. We got ready for bed.
Martin offered to sleep on the floor, which I refused. We were all adults and I trusted him. The bed
was big enough for the two of us to sleep in without it being awkward. Before we went to bed, I
called Finlay and Martin called Sam. Everything was going well at the meeting of the packs,
according to Finlay. But I heard how tired he sounded and I knew something was up. But it wasn’t
the time to talk about it. If he told me everything was fine, whatever it was that bothered him didn’t
have an impact on the pack. So it could wait until we all were back home again.
*
e ceremony would take place in the afternoon out on Jessie’s
On a farm?” Mrs Andresen huffed. “It’s only
mes. People are getting married in all kinds of exciting places nowadays. I read
n said. Martin and I listened while the
ing Mrs Andersen in her Sunday best hiking out into the middle of the woods, listening to vows
being said in honour of
t take long, as there really wasn’t much to show. But it was nostalgic for me. Martin was sweet
about it and listened to me rambling on about the place. We got a lot of attention, mostly from the
sing
eady for the wedding. I used the same dress I had worn
good,” I
“Thank you. You look beautiful as always,” he said. We drove out to the farm. CeCe and Jessie had
hired the entire senior highschool class to act as sober drivers. It meant people didn’t need to skip
the alcohol. The ceremony was beautiful. CeCe was dressed in a long, lace gown that moved in the
wind. Jessie looked at her with so much love it had me in tears. Marin held out his handkerchief and
I smiled as I took it.
‘Thank you,’ I mindlinked him.
ple and it’s easy to see how much they
n true CeCe and Jessie spirit. The barn was decorated with lace fabric and hay bales. The tables
were scattered throughout the open space and were decorated with wildflowers and fairy lights.
Outside there was a f
was an amazing ceremon
y did it,” CeCe giggled. “Is that the dress I
“It is, and thank you.”
rink and have a lot of fu
congratulate them. “You heard the man, time to have some fun,” Martin to
###Battle of Fate 31
Both Martin and I had surprisingly much fun at the party. After we both had refused a couple of offers to dance, people
got the picture and we spent most of the time chatting with people. Martin asked me to dance and he was a good
dancer. Neither of us had been drinking and as evening turned to night and the party got a little wilder, we decided to
head back to town. CeCe and Jessy had left at one point and we just waved to the sisters and some of the guests as we
left.
“That was a nice wedding. I was afraid it would feel stiff as I didn’t know anyone but you,” Martin said as we were in the
car.
“CeCe and Jamie are easy going. I’m not surprised they had an easy going wedding. It suited them,” I told him. We
parked on the back of the coffeeshop. “Want to take a walk before we turn in?” I asked.
“Sure.” We walked along the lake and ended up on the same picnic table where Finlay and I had sat when we first met.
The night was quiet, as most people in the town were at the wedding.
“What about you?” I asked.
“What about me, what?” Martin tried to evade.
“Are you looking for your true mate?” I asked, not letting him get away.
“Yeah. I can’t see myself settling down with anyone else, always wondering who is out there and if she is waiting for me.
I’m not saying I don’t scratch the itch once in a while,” he told me and gave me a grin. “But it’s always with someone
who knows it’s just for the night. We have a night of fun and everyone is happy.”
“Sounds like a good deal.”
“I’m not going to offer it to you,” he said.
“I hope not. I would hate to have to beat you up,” I told him. We looked at each other and laughed. We texted Sam and
Finlay while we sat looking out over the lake. Then we headed back to sleep.
***
I was stretching out on the bed in my small room and was looking at the selfie Amy had sent me. It was of her and Martin
sitting in the same place where I had got to know her the first time. They looked happy and relaxed. Amie was wearing
her teal dress with the large flowers on it, and she looked even more beautiful than usual. I regretted that I couldn’t be
the one who accompanied her to her friends’ wedding. But I needed to be here at the meeting of the pack. I was happy Martin had gone with her, I knew he would keep her safe. The two of them had grown close, in one way or the other they
had both lost a sibling and they had found a surrogate in each other.
A: Don’t think you are fooling me with all the talk about how great the gathering is going. I know you can’t talk freely
with all the wandering ears around you. But know that when you get back home, we will talk about whatever is bothering
you. I’ll be waiting with a beer and if I’m in a good mood, I will have made a pie from those gigantic rhubarbs in your
garden. Stay safe, Alpha.
I read Amie’s message and smiled. It was nice to have someone who knew me well enough to see through my facade. It
was irritating, but nice. The thing rubbing me the wrong way was my brother. Nothing new under the moon. It had been
almost five years since I left his pack and he still hadn’t let it go. What was worse, he had involved our mother and had
taken her to this gathering as his plus one. My brother, I could ignore. Especially since I knew it drove him insane when I
did it. My mother, that was another matter altogether. My mother had taken every opportunity she could to tell me how
much she missed me. How the pack wasn’t the same without me and all the others, and how my brother had grown and
things were different. On one hand, I felt the guilt of hurting my mother. She had always been a good mother, and I loved
her. On the other hand I felt hurt that she so clearly took my brother’s side. She didn’t take the time to talk to me, to see
how happy I was. She didn’t ask about the pack and every time I tried to tell her, she just changed the subject. As if it wasn’t important. I sighed and put my arm over my eyes. I should really get some sleep. Two more days of this and then I
could go home. I smiled as I imagined Amie making a pie in my kitchen. It wouldn’t be the first time she cooked at my
house. Ever since she had started tending to my garden, she insisted I needed to eat some of the produce. Most of it she
collected and handed in to the kitchen. But sometimes I would get home and there would be a bowl with carrot and
green pea soup waiting for me with instructions on how to reheat it. Or an upside down cake with whatever berries she
had picked on that day. The best times were when I got home while she was still in the middle of cooking. I would offer
to help and she would refuse to let me. So I would sit at the kitchen table watching her cook, talking to her about our
day. Evenings like those were everything I ever dreamed of. Maybe add a pup or two to the mix. It confused me how right
it felt. Amie wasn’t my mate, I knew it, my wolf knew it. In the past, when I had flirted with women, my wolf had always
remained reserved. He allowed me to have some fun, but was always cold towards it all. A silent reminder to not get
attached. But with Amie, he had no reservation. He enjoyed the evenings in the kitchen as much as I did. He revelled in
the late night runs in the forest with her wolf. All in all, it confused me and my wolf. I think it was just as confusing for
Amie as well. Which is why we didn’t talk about it. If we kept it undefined, we wouldn’t need to deal with the possible fall
out. It was a cowardly way of dealing with it. But too much was at stake. I still worried. If you buried your head in the
sand, you only had a higher chance of getting shot in the ass. I felt myself gliding into sleep. Then there was a knock on
the door and I sat up straight in the bed, scenting the air. I got up and put my pants on as I headed for the door. I pulled
a t-shirt over my head as I opened the door.
Just a heads up: novel5s.com is the only place to read the complete version of this book for free. Don’t miss out on the
next chapter—visit us now and continue your journey!
“Councilman Rador, what do I owe the honour?” I asked and bowed my head ever so slightly. The elderly wolf outside my
room returned the gesture.
“Alpha Finlay, I apologise for the late visit. May I come in and talk?” he asked. I stepped aside and showed him in. The
room I have for the gathering was not much. But I had a queen size bed, a small desk pushed into a corner and a small
round table with two chairs. I showed him to the table and he sat down.
“Can I offer you something to drink? I only have water and ice coffee,” I offered.
“No thank you. I won’t be long.” I nodded and sat down in the other chair.
“Your brother has been talking to the council,” Councilman Rador told me. I felt my mood souring.
“He has asked you to force a reconciliation?” I asked. The councilman looked at me with an appreciative look.
“You’re smarter than you look, son. Yes, he has. The council has denied his request as we know the wolves who left with
you did so of their own free will, and we don’t want to take that freedom from them.”
Just a heads up: novel5s.com is the only place to read the complete version of this book for free. Don’t miss out on the
next chapter—visit us now and continue your journey!
“But?” I asked. He wouldn’t be here if they straight up had refused my brother.
“But. Are you sure this is the road you want to walk?” he asked me.
“I am. My pack is doing good. Better than good. We are thriving. Our land is vast and we have just purchased more. The
pack members feel seen and heard, they create a stable pack. Everyone has their place in the pack and no one is more
important than the others, not even me. It makes the pack feel safe to put down roots. Our settlement is growing and so
is the pack. Two of our females are expecting pups. You know as well as I do the births of pups signals a stable pack. We
are on good terms with the closest humans and there is harmony,” I told him. It was all I had wanted to tell my mother. He nodded as he listened.
“But as an unranked pack, there are dangers,” he pointed out. It was my turn to nod.
“We are aware of them. We hope the unknown acts as a deterrent, but we don’t rely on it. We have taken precautions. We train everyone in the pack on what to do if the worst comes to worst.”
“At least you have a plan. It means you and your top tier have at least thought about it. I won’t try to persuade you to
return to your brother’s pack. I have quite liked to have you as an Alpha. You are doing a good job. The state of your
pack is a testament of it. It will be interesting to see what you will do in the upcoming games. Only five years left. Oh well,
time for me to go. I’m too old to be up this late. Have a pleasant evening,” the councilman said as he stood up.
“Thank you for coming to see me,” I told him as I held open the door. He just nodded and left. This was a new low for my
brother. I needed to think about what this could mean for the future, and why he was so determined to force us back into
his pack.
###Battle of Fate 32
I looked out over the two new houses being built at the edge of the small town that were continuing to grow. I couldn’t
believe I had been here for over three years. One of the new houses was for a lone wolf we had recruited. Ramses had
been with us four almost half a year and he was fitting in like he had always been with us. The other house was for one of
the pack who had found her mate during one of the allied parties we had started to attend. The two had chosen to settle
down in our pack. We were slowly growing. It was important to all of us that we didn’t grow too fast. I turned around and
headed back to the pack house for breakfast. The fall air was clear and the red and yellow leaves were slowly falling.
“How does it look?” Finlay asked as he came walking from the other direction and met me by the front door to the pack
house.
“They are coming along great. It looks like they will be waterproof before the first storm hits,” I told him as we walked
inside.
“Perfect.” We sat down at our usual table and Matilda joined us and started talking about the next hide and seek
tournament. They were a beloved twice yearly tradition by now. Jake proved with each one that his skills were developing.
There was the usual chatter in the dining hall. It all felt familiar by now. Suddenly, the room got dead quiet and everyone
scented the air. I was the first one out of my chair and hurrying over to Medow, sweeping her up in a tight hug.
“Congratulations!” I shouted. The room burst out in activity as everyone wanted to congratulate the expecting parents.
Finlay and Martin were congratulating Sam, who desperately tried to keep an eye on Medow. Medow was thanking
everyone for their well wishes with a blush on her cheeks and a hand on her stomach. Sam finally managed to get away
from his friends and get to Medow’s side and place an arm around her.
“Don’t fuss,” she told him as he was about to to the next batch of pack mates that wanted to congratulate the
couple.
“Oh, just let him. It’s part of the experience,” Matilda said as she beamed a smile at the couple.
“Finally, someone sane,” Sam said, sounding relieved. After reluctantly letting the rest of the pack congratulate them,
Sam guided Medow to our table and had her sit down. She looked at me, rolled her eyes, and then giggled. I got the
impression she didn’t hate it nearly as much as she pretended to. Which was good as we would have seven months of
Sam trying to protect her from any kind of danger. Well, more like six months. A pregnant wolf’s scent didn’t change
until the third or fourth week of pregnancy, when the hormones really started to do their thing. The conversation had
started up around the room again when, for the second time, the room felt silent and everyone scented the air. It was
Shelly and Jake who had walked into the dining room, closely followed by a beaming Cadence and Mari. Again, the room
erupted into chaos as everyone wanted to congratulate the couple. Jake was as protective of his mate as Sam, even if it would be their third pup.
“Two pups at once,” I commented to Finlay when we sat down again.
“I know. It’s brilliant,” he said with a huge smile. I understood his happiness. Not only was he happy for his friends, it was
also a sign the pack was thriving. Everyone knew fertility rates were closely connected to the stability of the pack when it
came to werewolves. More pups were born in packs where the members were happy and felt safe, than in packs with
unrest. It was such a clear sign of the pack’s health that Alphas would often boast about the number of pups born during
a year in their packs. “Aunt, do you think you can arrange for a celebration for dinner?” he then asked Matilda.
“I would love to,” she said.
“Let me know if you need my help,” I said.
“Alpha, we would like for Medow’s parents, or at least her mother, to come here for the birth. Would that be okay?” Sam
asked. Finlay smiled at him and Medow.
“The Cayote Hill pack is an ally and has always shown us kindness and friendship. I can’t see why your parents couldn’t
come and visit us. Feel free to invite them,” Finlay said.
“Thank you, Alpha,” Medow said. When the conversation changed to another subject she turned to me.
“I was hoping you would be there when I give birth,” she told me.
“Me?” I asked, a little choked.
“Yes. My mom will be there and so will Sam. My mom will have her hands busy with me, but I need someone to be there
for Sam. We both know he will get all rallied up and he will try and protect me and the pup and I just want someone
there who can calm him down,” she told me. I smiled at her. She knew her mate.
“I would be honoured to be there. And don’t worry about Sam. He will be amazing and if it’s needed, I will step in. I will
even make sure to catch him if he faints,” I promised. Medow giggled and squeezed my hand.
“Thank you. I knew I could trust you.”
The day had started off good, and it continued in the same way. I helped Matilda make a huge cake for dessert and then
joined the others as we had a top tier meeting to discuss a new business proposal Ramses had submitted. I had read
through it and it looked promising. We were in the middle of debating it when two things happened at once. The first
thing was the alarm in the pack house when off, alerting everyone our boarder had been breached. The second was a link
from a patrolling warrior reporting a large amount of unknown, shifted wolves had entered into our land. We all stood as
one.
“You need to stay here, lock yourself in the storage room with the others,” Sam told Medow.
“I will not!” she ed. Finlay, Martin and I were mindlinking different part of the pack, making sure people knew what
to do.
“I will carry you there if I have to,” Sam insisted.
“If you so much as touch me, I will use my claws on your privates and make sure this will be your only pup,” Medow
growled. The fierce display from the usually sweet and mild tempered Medow, had the room dead silent with all focus on
her.
“Sure, baby. I won’t do that,” Sam told her.
Just a heads up: novel5s.com is the only place to read the complete version of this book for free. Don’t miss out on the
next chapter—visit us now and continue your journey!
“Good. Why are we all standing around?” she asked, and we all sprung into action again.
“Martin, take a team of warriors and head to the south. I will take a group to the west. Sam, set up a defence here in
town. Medow, make sure all those who can’t fight are safe and report back to us if something is wrong. Amie, take the
group with our best stealth warriors and gather as much info about these wolves as you can, preferably without being
seen,” Finlay gave out orders as we hurried through the pack house.
“Yes, Alpha!” we all said as one. Outside, we didn’t take time to strip. We shifted as soon as our feet hit the ground. It was
the first time I shifted through my clothes. It wasn’t a pleasant experience. As my clothes ripped at the change, some
parts remained, clinging to my body. I had to use my claws and teeth to get them off. Pack members too weak or sick to
fight were heading towards the pack house. Medow, who hadn’t shifted, stood by the door giving out orders. Matilda
joined her and together they organised the pack. The rest of us set off in different directions. I had just called the warriors
I had been given responsibility over to me, and was on my way to lay out the plan to them when Jake mindlinked the top
tier.
‘I need to head to the east hill,’ he told us.
‘No. You are to man the operation room together with your group. You are responsible for the security system and the
mechanical defences we have,’ Finlay linked back.
‘I’m sorry, Alpha. Cadence just mind linked me. He and Jon were out collecting pine cones in that area and he has
mindlinked me that they have hid in a small cave, but the area is full of unfamiliar wolves. I need to go and get them.’
This was bad, I realised. Jon’s father and mother were both warriors, they couldn’t abandon their post in the middle of an
attack.
‘I will go,’ I linked. ‘I have a higher chance of getting there undetected. I can scope out the situation and if possible guide
the boys out. Worst case scenario I will protect them until help comes,’ I added. There was a short pause of silence.
‘Do it,” Finlay said.
‘Thank you, Amie,’ Jack linked. I quickly told the warriors around me about the change of plans and gave them their
mission. They sat off to gather information as I sat off towards the east hill. I thought I knew what cave Cadence and Jon
had hid in. It was hard to find if you didn’t know it was there. But it was small.
###Battle of Fate 33
‘Stay safe, if you need help, don’t be too proud to ask for it,’ Finlay linked me in our private mindlink.
‘I’m not a man, I will be careful. That goes for you as well. Don’t let that Alpha pride be your downfall,’ I answered.
‘I will be careful.’ I ran through the forest, trying to move as fast as I could while still being aware of my surroundings. I
had a secret fear I would hesitate when I needed to act. I had never killed another werewolf. I had hunted deer and
rabbits and other game who ran in the forest. But it was different with another werewolf. My answer came as I reached
the top of a hill and saw another wolf standing at the foot on the other side. She was a stranger and my wolf did not
hesitate. The strange wolf was a threat to me, and to my pack. I ran down the hill, the unknown wolf ran towards me as well. Halfway down the hill, I braced and leaped towards her. I took her by surprise and she didn’t even try to swat at me with her claws as I sailed over her. As soon as I hit the ground, I turned around. The other wolf was trying to stop her
forward movement. When she finally could turn around to come at me, I was ready. I swiped at her eyes with my claws,
she turned her head away from me to avoid being hit, exposing her neck. I threw myself at her and closed my jaws
around her throat. I felt her jugular tear and the warm fluid was everywhere. She tried to fight me off by clawing at my
chest and face. She was losing strength quickly, and I only felt one or two wounds from her attempt. When I knew for
certain she had no fight left in her and she would not survive. I let her go. I didn’t have time to spare on celebrating my
first victory. I turned around and kept running towards my goal. The closer I got to where I thought Cadence and Jon were, the more careful I was not to be spotted. The air was filled with the scent of strange wolves.
‘Cade, Jon, are you okay?’ I mindlinked the boys.
‘Amie!’ they both mindlinked back.
‘We are okay, but there are a lot of wolves outside who we don’t know,’ Cadence told me.
‘I know. I’m close. Are you in the small cave behind the pine tree?’ I asked.
‘Yes.’
‘Good job. That is the best place to hide around here. Stay where you are and stay quiet.’ I was now moving as slowly as
possible to not let the other wolves know I was there. I was hoping to sneak close to the cave and keep watch as the boys
sneaked out. Neither of them had their first shift yet, so they had to stay in their human form. It complicated things a bit,
but I had hope. I slowly crawled to the top of the hill the cave was located in. I looked over the edge and any thought of
getting the boys to sneak out of the cave was gone. Below was a large group of wolves, it seemed this was where they
had set their base for the invasion. ‘Finlay, the main force of the attackers are just below the cave by the pine tree where
the boys are,’ I mindlinked him.
‘Fuck, okay, they need to stay in place and we will all work our way towards you. Stay put!’ he replied.
‘Amie?’ Cadence’s link was full of fear.
‘I’m right above you, Cade. There are too many wolves out here for you to try and sneak out. Stay where you are.’
‘A-are we going to be okay?’ It broke my heart to hear how scared he was. I made the decision based on pure instinct.
‘I’m going down to them,’ I linked Finlay.
‘Dame it, Amie! Stay put! If you are seen it will be an issue,’ he told me.
‘If I’m seen, I will continue down the hill and turn north. The boys will be safe.’
‘But you won’t!’
‘They are scared, Finlay. If they panic they will give their location away. If they do, I don’t stand a chance of saving them. I
need to do this.’
‘Fine. But be careful and stay safe until we get there.’ I took a deep breath and wondered if I should shift into my human
form. But decided against it. My human form was smaller, but it lacked advantages my wolf form had for traversing down
the steep hill. I pressed myself as close to the ground as I could get and inched my way down the hillside. I made sure to
use all the trees and bushes as cover and the gods smiled at me as the wind was blowing towards me. It made the scent
of all the unknown wolves hit me, but my scent was blown away from them. Just as I was about to crawl into the cave, I
caught the scent of a wolf I thought I recognised. I couldn’t place it and I tried to hone in on it. Then I snapped out of my
thoughts and focused on the task. I managed to get into the small cave without being noticed. I was grateful the first
snow hadn’t come. My red wolf stood out like a sore thumb against the white snow. But in a forest with fall colours, I
blended in. Inside the cave, Cadence and Jon were huddled at the far wall. Their eyes were big and full of fear as they watched me enter the cave. As soon as they saw it was me I could see them relaxing. The cave was too small for me to
stand in and it was cold. I did my best to manoeuvre myself inside, keeping quiet. I turned around so I was facing the
entrance and backed up to let my body press into the boys. Even though they had on jackets, the coldness of the cave
and them sitting still for so long had them shivering. I shared my body heat and comforted them with my presence.
‘Are the two of you okay?’ I asked the boys in a mind link.
‘Yes,’ Cadence answered.
‘Better now that you are here,’ Jon linked.
‘The others are coming and will take care of the wolves outside. Until then, I will protect you. Stay close to each other and me to keep warm and stay quiet,’ I told them. The small cave would work to our advantage. Even if we were discovered,
the wolves outside couldn’t rush in all at once. At the most they could come one at the time. I could defend our position
against one wolf. ‘I’m with the boys. They are safe but cold and scared. No one saw me. We are staying put,’ I linked
Finley.
‘We are on our way,’ he told me. It felt like hours. I was focused on the scents and the sounds from outside. Ready to
attack at any sign of an intruder. At the back of my mind, the familiar scent was gnawing at me. I knew I had scented the wolf before, but I couldn’t place it.
Just a heads up: novel5s.com is the only place to read the complete version of this book for free. Don’t miss out on the
next chapter—visit us now and continue your journey!
‘I can’t wait for the first snow,’ Cadence mindlinked me and Jon.
‘Same here,’ Jon replied.
‘Yeah? What is the best thing about the snow?’ I asked to keep them going and keep them occupied with happier
thoughts.
‘When you take us out into the woods. It’s always fun and you always pack hot cocoa and treats,’ Jon said without
hesitation. I smiled internally at the answer. It was nice to know they liked our outings and picnics. The thought of having
picnics with the pups triggered the memory I associated with the scent. A picnic table covered in snow and an offer of
coffee and sandwiches. I reached out to Finlay, Martin and Sam.
‘It’s the Rolling Hills pack,’ I linked them.
‘That is attacking?’ Sam asked.
‘Yes. I scented their Gamma. It took me a moment to place the scent, but I’m sure it’s him,’ I told them. We hadn’t heard
anything from the pack since our meeting with them. Finlay told us that even at the joint pack gatherings, they stayed
clear of him.
‘They must have become desperate,’ Finlay linked. ‘Now we know it’s not a loosely put together group of loner wolves. Make sure everyone knows it’s a pack that is attacking and adjust the tactics.’
‘Yes, Alpha,’ we all answered.
‘How are you holding up?’ Finlay linked me in our private link.
‘We are doing good.’
Just a heads up: novel5s.com is the only place to read the complete version of this book for free. Don’t miss out on the
next chapter—visit us now and continue your journey!
‘It’s taking us longer to reach you than I thought, but if we are fighting a pack it makes sense. They have trained together
and are working as one. Just hold on and don’t do anything stupid,’ he told me.
‘I won’t. And the same goes for you.’ I continued my wait. I could sense Cadence and Jon mindlinking each other. It was
good they kept their mind off the situation and I appreciated them leaving me out of their conversation so I could focus
on listening and scenting. There were still a large amount of wolves outside. But they seemed to keep to the forest floor
below the hill, most likely thinking they were alone and the steep hill would keep them hidden. Then something changed.
The first growl I heard I took for someone being impatient. They had clearly been given orders to wait while their pack mates were out fighting. The second growl I heard was not one of impatience, it was aggressive.
‘Are you close? Something is happening outside, someone is getting pissy,’ I mindlinked Finlay, Martin and Sam.
‘We are at least ten minutes away,’ Finlay was the first to answer.
‘It’s about the same for us,’ Sam linked.
‘We are closer, but not close enough to make them react,’ Martin told us. There was a new set of growls from outside the
cave. This time it wasn’t an individual, I could clearly hear three distinct growls. The sound of fighting followed.
‘They are fighting,’ I reported.
‘With who? I don’t have any reports of our warriors being in the area,’ Sam asked.
‘I think they are fighting amongst themselves. There are no familiar scents I can identify.’ Some of the growling outside was turning into yelps and whines. Someone was losing. My blood froze as I heard the loser starting to claw themselves
up the steep incline. They were trying to get away from their pack mates and heading straight for us. ‘They are coming
towards us,’ I informed the others and stood up as best as I could in the small space. ‘You two, huddle as close to the
back wall as possible. I will block anyone trying to come in. The pack is on its way,’ I told Cadence and Jon. Their eyes were huge, but they nodded.
‘Amie,’ Finlay linked.
‘It will be fine. We are fine. Don’t take stupid risks. We can hold them off,’ I told him.
‘I’m giving you a direct order not to die. I will be truly pissed as your Alpha if you disobey.’
‘Understood.’
###Battle of Fate 34
‘We are coming, Amie,’ Martin mind linked me.
‘Be careful. There are a lot of them outside. I can keep the cave safe for a while if they discover it. Don’t do anything
foolish,’ I told him. I heard the wolf outside get closer. My wolf and I both focused on the sound. I could tell the moment
the wolf saw the opening, they stopped moving and I could hear them scenting the air. There was no way they could
avoid catching my scent now that they focused on the opening. A growl was heard and it was accompanied by others. Oh great, they have made up in order to kill us, I thought. The moment I saw a black paw in the opening of the cave, I
lunged at it and sank my claws into it before drawing back just as quickly. The paw disappeared back out and a new set
of growls was heard. Next a grey wolf tried to rush into the cave. They hadn’t taken the size of the cave into account and
their forward movement halted as they lowered themself to the ground. I again jumped forward, and this time I swiped
at their eyes with my claws. They turned their heads at the last second, but couldn’t turn all the way because of the
narrow opening. My claws ripped deep gouges into their cheek and I shredded their left ear. They roared and tried to
swipe out their claws at me. I jumped back and due to their awkward position, they couldn’t pursue me. I jumped
forward again. This time I aimed my claws at their throat and shoulder. The grey wolf turned around and snapped its
teeth at my paw. I withdrew it to avoid the razor-sharp teeth, but in doing so, I left my left shoulder exposed. I could feel
the claws digging into it and I roared. I took a page out of the attacker’s book and bent down and sank my teeth into its
paw. It was their turn to roar in pain, and I clamped down my jaw and refused to let go. They struggled against my bite,
but they were only halfway inside the cave and the small opening restricted their movements. I could hear their pack mates outside, trying to push past them to help. But there wasn’t enough space. I heard the bones in the paw snapping
and I felt it beneath my teeth. I wanted to spit it out, it felt gross as the warm blood seeped into my mouth. But I steeled
myself. As long as I had their paw, they were stuck, and the boys were safe. I growled and put more pressure on my jaws.
The grey wolf whimpered and in a desperate attempt to get free, they put weight on the paw in my mouth. The
unexpected extra weight made me lean my bad shoulder against the cave wall. I growled and as I did, my opponent
yanked on their paw and with a loud yelp they freed it. But it was badly mangled. Pieces of flesh and skin had been
ripped from it and I spit them out. The grey wolf retreated slowly from the cave, its mangled paw held as high above the
ground as it could manage. I growled as loudly as I could and inflated myself to look as big as possible. My red wolf took
up almost the entirety of the cave. My growl got a response this time. A familiar growl came as a reply and it was
followed by a group of others. Martin and the group of warriors he had taken had arrived. I heard the commotion when
the two groups collided. A whimper escaped from the boys behind me. I put my tail over them, it was the only comfort I
could provide. There was still at least one wolf outside the opening to the cave. Probably to keep me from attacking the
back of the group fighting Martin. I wouldn’t have joined the fight even if I could have. My duty was to keep the boys
safe. If the wolf outside the cave hadn’t been there, I would have tried to sneak them out while the others were
distracted. But now I had to wait. The wounds in my shoulder made me less agile, and I wasn’t confident I would win in a
fight against the wolf guarding us. I knew I couldn’t afford to lose, so I had to wait and listen to the sounds of the battle.
The air was filled with the scent of blood and death. I couldn’t tell from the sound and scent who was winning. I didn’t want to mindlink the ones fighting, afraid I would distract them. My ears strained to pick up sounds from the wolves that were a part of my pack. I heard a sound I wished I hadn’t. Martin growled and his growl slowly faded, I could hear him
struggling to keep it going, as if he refused to give in. My wolf growled and as Martin’s growl started to fade into
nothing, my growl turned into a whimper.
‘He will need you. Stay safe, little sister,’ Martin mindlinked me. When I tried to reply, to tell him to hang in there. I was met by emptiness, there was nothing to connect to even though I desperately tried. I needed to connect to him. I needed
him to be okay. The alternative was unthinkable. My wolf’s whine turned into a howl. That is when it hit us all. The raw
pain radiation from our Alpha. Finlays sorrow and pain felt like a physical punch and I was almost on my way to charge
the offending wolf outside the cave. I needed an outlet for the pain and the grief.
“Amie,” Cadence said, his voice weak, full of fear and pain. It stopped my attack. I backed further into the cave to press myself against the two boys.
‘It will be okay,’ I mindlinked them, even if I knew it wouldn’t.
‘What’s wrong with the Alpha? Is he hurt?’ Jon linked back. I realised they hadn’t understood the meaning of Martin’s
growl, they didn’t know.
‘He will be okay. It’s not something that will stop him,’ I said. As I said it the wave of immense pain from Finlay stopped.
He had closed himself off to stop the pain from affecting the pack. He put it on his own shoulders and isolated himself
for the good of the pack. For now. He will need you. Martin’s words rang in my head. My human part desperately wanted
to cry, my wolf part wanted to leave the cave and rip every single wolf outside to pieces. Neither of us did what we wanted. Instead, I pressed my body against the boys and my wolf growled continuously in a long, deep growl from the
belly. We both hoped one of the enemy wolves would dare to set a paw inside the cave. We craved the outlet of anger
and revenge. As I listened, I could hear how more of our pack arrived, the intruders were soon outnumbered.
‘You can come out. The boy’s mothers are waiting on the top of the hill,’ Sam mindlinked me.
‘We can get out of here now. I want the two of you to grab hold of my tail really well. When we get out of the cave, I
want you to look up towards the top of the hill. Do not look down. Do you understand?’ I linked the boys.
“Yes Amie,” they both said as one.
Just a heads up: novel5s.com is the only place to read the complete version of this book for free. Don’t miss out on the
next chapter—visit us now and continue your journey!
‘You have both been really good and done a good job. Your parents will be so proud of you,’ I told them as we moved
forward. It was a little awkward getting out of the cave. The boys had been inside it for a long time and their muscles were cold and stiff. Outside, I used my claws to make sure both I and the boys could scale the steep incline. I tried to make sure there were trees and bushes blocking the view below us, in case they got curious and wanted a look. Pain
radiating from my shoulder, but I blocked it from my mind. There was a bigger pain in my chest and I focused on getting
us safe to the top of the hill. When we got up there, the boys’ mothers engulfed their sons in tight hugs and looked them
over.
“Thank you Amie,” Shelly told me. I nodded at them and turned around to head down to where the fight had taken
place. When I cleared the bushes and could see the forest floor below me, I would see the massacre. There were dead wolves everywhere. I tried to take stock and concluded I didn’t recognise most of them. I saw Martin’s brown wolf laying
a little up the hill. I steered my steps towards him. My wolf nudged him with its nose, waiting to see if its friend would
stand again. When the nudge didn’t get a response, both me and my wolf sighed. I looked up and saw where Finlay and
Sam stood, both had their focus on a badly injured wolf. I scented the air as I walked closer. Alpha Jackson. A growl
escaped me. Both Finlay and Sam turned their heads to look at me. I could see the pain and anger in them both. Finlay
looked down at my shoulder.
‘You are hurt,’ he linked. I shrugged, which was a bad move as the pain got worse and made me flinch.
‘It’s nothing,’ I told him. “What do we do now?” I asked.
###Battle of Fate 35
‘Now we make sure the wounded are looked after and the wolves we have captured need to be kept safe. We have
questions for this one,’ Finlay linked us. An agreeing growl came from both Sam and me. While Finlay and I stayed to
keep watch of the enemy Alpha, Sam walked around and organised the warriors. He made sure those who were injured
but could walk, headed for the pack house. He had men coming to collect the injured and the dead. And then he had
some warriors guarding the captured enemies. When we were all set, we indicated to the captured Alpha to get moving.
All three of us stayed close to him and made sure he headed in the direction we wanted. He was clearly injured and was
limping on two legs and left a trail of blood behind him. No one cared. Anyone we met growled at him and it soothed
my soul to know we reacted as a pack. Back at the pack house, we had cells that could withstand a werewolf’s strength.
They were rarely used, but on occasion someone had too much to drink and needed a safe space to sober up in. Alpha
Jackson was placed in one of the cells and the remainder of his pack was put into the newly built school gym, guarded by
warriors.
‘Go and shift back, take a shower and we will meet back here in thirty minutes,’ Finlay told us. We headed off in different
directions. I changed back outside my door and walked inside to take a quick shower and put on some clothes. I looked
at my shoulder in the mirror. The wounds from the claws were healing, but they were deep, and it would take a couple of
days for them to be gone. At least they weren’t bleeding. I just let them be and pulled a sweater on and walked back to
the cells. Finlay was already there in his human form. He had an expression on his face I hadn’t seen before, it was a mix
of hate, anger and sadness and it almost broke my heart. I knew now wasn’t the time, so I just stood next to him and
looked at the prisoner, still in wolf form. Sam and Medow walked in next. Sam had his arm around his mate and Medow
looked devastated. She looked at me with red rimmed eyes and I stepped up to her and gave her a hug.
“Are you sure you want to be here?” I asked her. She looked at Sam and snuggled in closer to him and gave me a nod. I
understood, she needed to be close to her mate.
“Shift,” Finlay told Alpha Jackson. We all turned our focus to the wolf inside the cell. Nothing happened.
“Too weak?” I asked and let my voice remain light and mocking. I knew how his pack viewed women and me suggesting
he was weak would be more effective than any attempts of ordering him to change. He growled at me. Which made
Finlay growl at him. Finlay’s growl was more powerful than the imprisoned Alpha’s. With a glare at me, Alpha Jackson
shifted to his human form. In his naked state it was easy to see the injuries he had. But more than that, the Alpha seemed
to be in a worse condition then when I had seen him last time. It had been years since then. But he was an Alpha in the
prime of his life. He should not look thin. He tried to hold himself up in a confident pose, but it was easy to see he was
hurting.
“Speak! Why have you done this?” Finlay asked him as he tossed a pair of shorts at him. The Alpha smirked and did his
best to keep up his arrogant behavior. He waved the shorts in his hand.
“Afraid your women will see how a real Alpha looks?” he asked. I snorted.
“Please, I have seen bigger on pups. Let’s hope you’re a grower, or this is really embarrassing for you,” I said. Behind me,
Medow giggled and Sam laughed. Even Finlay pulled one corner of his mouth up in a half smirk. Alpha Jackson growled,
but was ignored by everyone. He put the shorts on and had to lean against the wall to do so.
“Now. Why the fuck did you attack us?” Finlay asked again.
“You refused to merge with us,” Alpha Jackson told him.
“That was two years ago,” I ed. The Alpha shrugged.
“The pack didn’t want to attack you. Me and my Beta were for it from the start but my Gamma and the pack in general were against it. They felt it was too big of a risk. You seemed to be strong according to them. I tried to tell them no pack
is strong when it has just split from another pack. And a pack that lets a female into its top tier without being a mate to
the high ups, they are weak,” he said.
“I guess you should have listened to your Gamma and your pack,” Sam told him.
“If we had just attacked two years ago, we would have won. We waited too long. They are all a bunch of cowards. In the
end, I had to use my Alpha status to make them. I told them that anyone refusing to take part in the attack would be
named a traitor and made rogue. Much help that did. The fuckers were too weak. My own Gamma turned against me
when we got here. When our pack members started dying, he wanted to withdraw. Fucking coward. He didn’t
understand that I sent those pack members in first, as I knew they were weak. They were to tire you out, to pave the road
for our victory. But he didn’t like that. Didn’t think it was the honourable thing to do. Well, it didn’t end well for him.” The
fighting I had heard outside the cave.
“I will inform the council of what has happened,” Finlay told him.
“Are you not Alpha enough to finish me off without their consent?” Alpha Jackson mocked him.
“I will not take revenge on you on a whim, because I can’t control my emotions. We both know what sanctions the
council can put on a pack for something like that. My pack will not suffer just because I feel like ending your pathetic life.
Not when I have enough evidence to secure they grant me full right to do so. I will see you again once their decision is
made,” Finlay said. We all knew that was the end of the conversation and we all headed for the main floor. “I will call the
council, they need to know what has happened. Amie, check on the pack, make sure they feel that we have things under
control. Talk to my aunt. I’m sure she is already working on it. Sam, you need to make a schedule for the warriors. If
rumour spread about the attack, others might strike against us, thinking we are weak,” Finlay gave out orders.
“Yes, Alpha,” we all said. Sam and Medow headed to his office.
“Do you want me to call Martin’s mother?” I asked Finley. He had stopped outside his office in the pack house and for a
moment he dropped his mask and I could see how tired he looked. He rubbed his hand over his face.
“No, I will call her,” he said after hesitating.
Just a heads up: novel5s.com is the only place to read the complete version of this book for free. Don’t miss out on the
next chapter—visit us now and continue your journey!
“You have a lot on your plate, I can do it,” I insisted. He looked at me and then he turned his eyes to my shoulder.
“Have you been seen by a healer?” he asked.
“It’s not that bad. It will heal,” I told him.
“Don’t be so stubborn. Go and have yourself checked out, then make sure the pack is alright. I will make the call to the
council and then I will call Martin’s mother.”
“Fine. Let me know if you need me for something. I will be around,” I said.
“Thank you.” We stood there for a moment before I saw him slip his mask on and head for his office. I headed for the
room where the healers had set up. There weren’t many people in there, as most who needed help had already received
it . They took a look at my shoulder. I got a stern talking to for not coming sooner. They put on some ointment and told me to come back if I got a fever or if the area around the wounds got hot. I headed out and spent the rest of the day just
walking around, talking to the pack. Most of them were relieved the attack had been over so quickly, but everyone mourned the loss of our Beta. There was a lot of anger, but I tried to steer the feelings towards community and helping
each other. Besides Martin, we had lost two warriors and five more were severely wounded. We needed to make sure to
take care of them and their families. Matilda was right there and worked with me. I had asked her to organise the
funerals. Medow was making sure the injured wolves had what they needed as well as their families. Overall we were in a
better condition than I would have thought.
‘The council has decided the Alpha of the Rolling Hills pack has forfeited his life. The execution will be done tomorrow by
my hand,’ Finlay sent a mindlink to the pack later in the evening. ‘The rest of the captives are ours to do with as we
please. We will make the decision tomorrow as well,’ he continued. The news affected the pack positively. Everyone felt
they had been given the chance to seek the revenge we all wanted. By the time I was ready to end the day, it was close to midnight. Instead of going to my apartment, I headed for Finlay’s house. I didn’t bother to knock, but walked inside and
into the living room.
###Battle of Fate 36
Finlay was sitting on the couch in the dark room. His elbows on his knees and his head resting in his hands. I walked up
to the fireplace. I knew he always kept it stocked this time of year. It lit without an issue. I walked over to the couch and
sat down next to him.
“I don’t know if I can do this,” he said without looking up.
“I know how you feel, but you will find a way,” I told him.
“Did you get your shoulder checked out?”
“I did. They told me I was wasting their time,” I said. Finlay turned his head and gave me a sideway look. “Fine. They
scolded me for not coming sooner and gave me an ointment. But that’s just because all healers think it’s the end of the world if you don’t come and see them when you stub your toe.”
“I can’t deal with losing you as well.” His voice was frail and thin. It was like the thought itself hurt him. I sighed and bent
forward so I would lean my forehead on his slumped shoulder blade.
“You won’t. It really isn’t that bad. It hurts like hell but it’s healing and at the most I will have a scar on my shoulder. But
I’m not going anywhere,” I promised him.
“Good.” We sat like that for a while in silence. “How are the boys doing?” he asked.
“Good. I talked to them after dinner and they have got over the worst of it. Give them a week or two and they will see it
as scary, but exciting. I think we kept them away from seeing the worst of it. They were more than happy with all the hot
coco and attention they got after.”
“You,” he said.
“Sorry?”
“You kept them away from the worst of it, not we. And you kept them safe when you were discovered.”
“And I failed to get them out of there. I decided we needed to stay put and by doing so I forced the rest of you to come
and rescue us. It’s my fault we lost him,” I told Finlay.
“Amie,” he ed and sat up for the first time. I took a deep breath and shook my head as the tears started rolling
down my face. I had been keeping them at bay until now. But right now it was just Finlay and I knew I could be weak
around him.
“I made the decision that ended with us losing Martin, our Beta. That is on me,” I insisted.
“It’s not your fault. You made the only reasonable decision you could make. If you had tried to get the boys out you would have been detected and we would have lost the three of you,” Finlay told me. He gently put his arm around me
and drew me closer to him. I rested my head on his shoulder and he rested his on top of mine. “His mother was
devastated. She cried and asked if I would send his ashes back to them.”
“He wouldn’t have wanted that,” I said.
“No, he wouldn’t. I told her we would scatter his ashes over our pack land. The land he gave his life to protect and which
he loved.”
“It was the right thing to do,” I assured him.
“I know. But it felt horrible.” I put my arms around his waist and we sat like that. We shared our sorrow and let each other
have time to think. When dawn’s first light was visible outside, Finlay sighed. “We will need a new Beta,” he said. My first
instinct was to . The position belonged to Martin. But he wasn’t with us any longer. I nodded as best I could in my
position.
“Do you have any candidates?” I asked.
“One.”
“Who?” I asked while I tried to figure it out on my own.
“You.”
“Me?” I asked, feeling confused.
“You’re the only one I can think of that can fill his chair.”
Just a heads up: novel5s.com is the only place to read the complete version of this book for free. Don’t miss out on the
next chapter—visit us now and continue your journey!
“But I already have a seat at the top tier table,” I ed. “Who will fill my seat?” To make me even more confused,
Finlay chuckled. It sounded genuine so I sat up and looked at him. He smiled at me.
“You are usually brilliant, so I forget what an idiot you can be,” he told me and ruffled my hair. I didn’t even try to avoid
his hand as I was trying to figure out what I was missing. “The seat you have is made up. It was created for you as we wanted to give you a seat at the table. When you move to the Beta chair, your chair will be removed, because no one else
can fill it,” he told me.
“Oh.” Yeah I should have remembered he had created the advisory role for me. I was just so used to it by now. “If I take
the Beta chair we will always be one person short. I don’t have a mate so that chair will remain empty,” I told him.
“You don’t know that. Things can happen,” he said. I gave him a smile.
“It will remain empty,” I told him. He shrugged.
“So be it. Look, the pack loves you, they trust and look up to you. I trust you. I don’t have it in me to find a replacement
for Martin who isn’t you.”
“Okay. Count me in. If this is what you and the pack needs, I will do it. I will do my best and I’m counting on you to tell
me if I’m messing up.” Finlay let out a deep sigh and put his arm around me again, pulling me with him as he leaned
back on the couch.
“It will be fine, red. You are the daughter of a Beta, it’s in your blood.”
“So our pack will have a second born Alpha, and a second born Beta. It has a nice symmetry,” I told him as I relaxed
against him. We sat and watched the sun come up.
“Time to get some food, red. It will be a long day,” Finlay told me. He got up and pulled me with him. For a moment we
stood almost toe to toe, looking at each other. For a second I thought this was it, this was our moment. Then we both woke up and took a half step back.
“Come on, Fin, time to show the pack we still got our shit together,” I told him, gave him a smile and headed towards the
pack house.
“Fin?” he asked as he walked close behind me. I shrugged.
“It is long overdue that I get a nickname for you,” I said.
“Works for me.” We entered the dining hall and saw that most of the pack had decided to eat breakfast together. As we walked up to our table both Medow and Matilda gave me long hugs. We were all trying to get our lives back to a place
that made sense. It was important to support and get support from your pack mates.
“Did you ask her?” Sam asked Finlay as we sat down.
“I did.” There was a pause in the conversation where everyone around the table but me looked at Finlay.
“And?” Sam asked.
“Did you think I would say no?” I asked him. He grinned at me and relaxed back in his chair. He put his arm around
Medow and pulled her chair closer to him.
“No, you are smarter than that,” he said.
“What are you talking about?” Medow asked.
“I asked Amie to become the new Beta,” Finlay said.
“Oh. That’s good,” Medow said.
“The only option,” Matilda said and gave me a smile. I smiled back and nodded. We ate breakfast and when we were
done, Finlay stood up and signed for me and Sam to join him.
“Yesterday was a tough day for the pack. We lost loved ones and others were hurt. But we also showed that we are a
strong pack. We will not give up without a fight. We protect our pack and our land. Beta Martin gave his life in that
pursuit. Today we will take revenge for him and for the others we lost. We can’t be without a Beta. It’s more important
now than ever before to show that we remain strong. Our new Beta will be Amie, I don’t think I need to explain why. She
will officially be sworn in as we lay Beta Martin to rest. But I know that you will all treat her as Beta from now on. If you
have questions, or have concerns, you are always welcome to talk to anyone in the top tier. We are here for you. Thank
you everyone for your part yesterday. Everyone did what they should do and took the measures we have asked of you.
It’s because of this we could win and only lose a few of our own. I am proud to be your Alpha,” Finlay told the pack. I got
a lot of congratulations via mindlink and also pack members telling me they felt safe with me as Beta. It was
overwhelming to feel everyone’s support. “In an hour the Alpha of the attacking pack will be executed outside the pack
house. After that we will talk to the remaining members of his pack. You will decide their faith,” he then told them. After
he was done, the pack scattered. Families with young pups wanted to get them away from what was about to happen,
others wanted to stay to bear witness.
‘Ready?’ I asked Finlay in a mindlink.
‘Ready,’ he confirmed.
###Battle of Fate 37
he area in front of the pack house had been cleared and the pack had gathered around the edges of it. Alpha Jackson
stood in the middle of the area. He was guarded by Sam and a warrior. My wolf’s hatred for the other Alpha was strong
and I shared his feelings. Alpha Jackson was the reason I had lost my best friend. Whether it was by his own hands or not,
his actions had caused my pack the loss of our Beta. If it wasn’t for Amie, I don’t know how I would have made it through
the night. I was even more grateful for her stepping up as our new Beta. She walked beside me and I could feel her anger. We stopped in front of the defeated Alpha. I scanned the crowd, making sure no pups had sneaked out to see what was
happening. When I knew the only ones around were pack members who should be there, I walked up to Alpha Jackson.
Sam had him on his knees and I looked down on him.
“Bring out the representatives of the Rolling Hills pack,” Amie called out. The pack members to the left of us made way
for a group of warriors who guided an older man and woman to stand a bit away from where we stood. After what the
Alpha had revealed in our integration, we had let the Rolling Hills pack choose two representatives amongst the
survivors.
“I, Alpha of the Blue Mountain pack, have talked to the council and presented the evidence of the Rolling Hills pack’s
attack on us. The council has decided the Alpha of the Rolling Hills pack has forfeited his life for his failure to protect and
lead his pack to victory. As the winners, we may claim the blood debt for our fallen pack members,” I told everyone with
a clear voice. I let the information sink in. “The council left it up to us to decide what to do with the remainder of the
Rolling Hills pack. We will deal with the issue next. But first, we will claim payment of our debt. For Beta Martin, Warrior
Brian and Warrior Megan, we demand the blood of Alpha Jackson.” I smiled down at the Alpha before me. I had no
regrets about what I was about to do. I let my claws extend on my right hand and I used one of them to knick his artery. I
did not want to give him a quick death. I took a step back, standing next to Amie. Everyone looked as Alpha Jackson
slowly bleed out. As he swayed on his knees, the blood loss made it hard for him to remain kneeling. Sam and the warrior
on the other side of the Alpha took a grip on his shoulders to keep him up. A while later I gave them a nod and they let
the Alpha go. He fell forward into the leaves on the ground and his own blood. We all listened to the gurgling sounds as
he took his last, desperate breath. Amie stepped forward and bent down over him to listen. She felt for a pulse.
“He’s gone,” she said. The pack raised their heads and howled. The victory was officially ours.
“Time for the next part,” I said and everyone quieted down to listen. “Members of the Rolling Hills pack, your former
Alpha admitted he planned and executed this attack against the will of your pack. That is the only reason you are still
standing here alive. Members of the Blue mountain pack, I will leave the decision of what we are to do with the
remainder of the Rolling Hills pack up to you. Discuss it among yourself and this evening after dinner, we will have a pack
meeting and decide their fates. Until then, bring the representatives back to their pack members,” I told the pack before
turning around and walking inside the pack house. Amie, Sam and Medow followed me and we gathered in the meeting
room. I walked up to the chair Amie usually sat in and moved it to where it once had stood by the wall. Then I sat down
in my seat. Sam and Medow also sat down. Amie remained standing, staring at the chair Martin usually sat in. “It’s yours
now,” I told her.
“It feels disrespectful,” she ed.
“He would have wanted you to sit there,” Medow said and Sam nodded. Amie looked at me, I could see how
uncomfortable she was and the sadness she tried to hide.
“It’s okay,” I said. She sighed, nodded and sat down on the edge of the chair. I resisted my urge to take her hand to
comfort her. After our night mourning together, it felt as if the wall between us had weakened. I could feel it was harder
to hold back the urge to be physically close to her. I rained in my emotions, now was not the time. “What is the state on
the boarders?” I asked.
“No further attacks seem to be imminent. The warriors report it’s peaceful,” Sam told me.
“How are the warriors holding up?” Amie asked.
“We have had one shift change so everyone on duty now has had a chance to rest and get food. We are all feeling the
loss, but morale is high. The victory did them good,” Sam said. We all nodded.
“What about funerals?” Medow asked.
“Tomorrow, after we settled things with the Rolling Hills pack. Then we will lay them to rest,” Amie said. I grunted my
approval. “I will talk with Megan’s family. See if they have any special wishes,” she added. Megan was the only one of the
dead who had family in the pack. Brian had always said his family was the other warriors, and Martin, Martin was my
family, and Amie’s, and Sam and Medow’s. We would give all of them a worthy send off.
“What do you think the pack will decide?” Medow asked us.
“I don’t know,” I honestly said. We weren’t a violent pack, but everyone was upset over the attack and the people we had
lost. Revenge could make the calmest wolf bloodthirsty.
“They won’t demand blood,” Amie said with confidence.
“Are you sure?” Sam asked. “The anger is palatable,” he pointed out.
“I am. They will talk and at first they will be upset, but they will see the truth in the end. The remaining members of the
Rolling Hills pack are no threat to us, and they were forced to be here. I don’t doubt the pack will find a way to punish
them. I just don’t think it will involve taking their lives,” she said. It was a typical Amie statement, she had absolute faith
in our pack but not in a na?ve way. No, she was a realist. She just spent so much time with the pack members she knew
how the pack as a whole worked. After watching her work with the pack for years, I wasn’t surprised the moon goddess
had placed her to be Luna of a pack. I would have her as my Luna in a heartbeat. I had met her former mate during the
joint pack meetings. He seemed to be a reasonable Alpha. I had met her brother as well and I liked him, he reminded me
of Aime. Each year I would ask Amie if she wanted me to bring a message to her brother. Each year she declined. But she
kept sending her postcards. A knock on the door awoke me from my thoughts. Aime asked them to come in. My aunt
stepped inside the room, pulling a trolly with lunch on.
“Since all of you seemed determined to starve yourself to death, despite someone needing the nutrition more than
others,” she said, giving Medow a look. Poor Sam paled. “I brought lunch to you.”
“Thank you, aunt. How are things out there?” I asked. She walked around the table, putting down plates with food.
“As well as can be expected. It was a nice thing to let the pack decide the fate of the poor wolves left of the other pack,”
she told me and placed a kiss on my cheek before putting a big basket of bread and a pitcher with iced tea in the middle
of the table.
“I’m happy you approve,” I said.
“Thank you, Matilda. This looks amazing,” Amie told her. My aunt placed a hand on Amies’ back.
Just a heads up: novel5s.com is the only place to read the complete version of this book for free. Don’t miss out on the
next chapter—visit us now and continue your journey!
“I’m happy to do my part. Don’t brood too long,” she said and took the trolly with her as she left. We started eating and
discussed what was next on our to-do list.
“I will handle the dishes,” Medow said as we were done.
“I will help you,” Amie offered.
“You have people to talk to,” Medow said. Amie just shrugged and Medow nodded. We all needed to be around people we considered family.
“I will be right back, baby. I just need to check on the wounded warriors and then take a quick tour around the border to make sure things are as they should be,” Sam told Medow.
“You can check on the injured warriors, I will run the border,” I told him. He looked like he was about to , then he
looked at his mate and nodded.
“Don’t worry, I’m not fragile and Amie will be with me,” Medow told her mate and kissed his cheek. Sam and Amie
exchanged a look and Amie nodded. I knew Amie and I both would make sure Sam and Medow could be together as
much as possible. I admired Sam for not losing his marbles in the situation with Medow being pregnant. He was a strong wolf and we were lucky to have him as our Gamma.
‘Be careful, look after your shoulder and mindlink me if something happens,’ I linked Amie as I walked out of the pack
house.
‘There is nothing wrong with my shoulder. Take care out there,’ she replied.
###Battle of Fate 38
When Sam had come back and I was sure Medow was okay, I talked to Megan’s father and sister. They didn’t have any
requests for the funeral. I stayed for a while and talked about Megan. They joined me on the walk back to the pack
house. Most of the pack was heading there for dinner and then for the meeting. I watched as other pack members made
sure Megan’s family wasn’t alone as I headed for the table where Finlay and Matilda already sat. They both looked tired. I
knew Finlay hadn’t slept for two days, I hadn’t either. We had a couple of more hours of work before we could think
about going to bed. Medow and Sam joined us and we ate our dinner in silence. The rest of the room was mostly silent
as well. There was the sound of pups playing and a muted conversation here and there. But it was a vast difference from
how a pack dinner usually sounded. When everyone was done and the dishes were put away, everyone looked towards
Finlay. He stood up.
“We all know why we are here. Have you made a decision as a pack?” he asked. Jake stood up.
“Yes, Alpha, we have,” he confirmed. Finlay nodded and asked them to tell him of their decision.
***
An hour later, we had all gathered in the new school gym. Finlay had arranged for video conference equipment to be set
up and the screen switched on and showed a conference table with thirteen men and women sitting around it.
“Council, thank you for joining us,” Finlay said.
“Alpha Finlay, under the circumstances we felt it necessary,” said the man at the head of the table. Finlay nodded.
“I can confirm that Alpha Jackson has paid his debt,” Finlay told the council and I could see them nod. “We are here to
determine the punishment for the rest of the Rolling Hills pack. Bring the representatives forward,” he continued. The
same two wolves stepped forward from the group of prisoners.
“Alpha,” they both said and bowed.
“The Blue Mountain pack has made the decision. As punishment for attacking our pack we won’t claim a blood debt,”
Finlay told them and I could see the surprise in the representatives’ eyes. They had counted on not leaving the building
alive. “But there will be no rebuilding of the Rolling Hills pack, no new Alpha is to be chosen. The remaining members will
be allowed to go home one last time to collect their belongings. But twenty-four hours later, they need to leave the old
pack land. From then they will be lone wolves. Families may stay together but otherwise they should not have contact with each other. If other packs are willing to accept them into their pack, we will not hold any resentment towards that
pack. The pack land should be sold and the money should be handed over to the relief fund controlled by the council so
it can help wolves in need,” Finlay ended his sentencing. I smiled. The pack had found a way to erase the Rolling Hills
pack from the map without bloodshed. I had never doubted them.
“That was an odd way of dealing with it,” the head of the council said.
“But surprisingly likeable,” another councilman said. His statement was met by humming and nodding from the other
members.
“The council will uphold this sentence. We will send our warriors to escort the remaining prisoners to their former pack
land and deal with the rest. Alpha Finlay, members of the Blue Mountain pack, you have done a good job and shown mercy. You are a strong and I think this will deter other packs from doing the same,” the head of the council said.
“We thank you,” Finlay told him and did a half bow.
“Next game will be interesting. We might see some rearrangement at the top,” a woman in the council said. I felt pride
bloom inside me. We had a good pack. Finlay was concluding the call with the council.
“Beta Amie?” I almost didn’t react to my new title. It would take getting used to.
“Yes, Cade,” I said, turning towards Cadence.
“How is your shoulder?” he half whispered. I smiled at him.
“It’s much better, almost healed. Thank you for asking. How are you feeling?” I asked him.
“Oh, I’m fine. My mom fusses over me and even Mari is nice to me. It’s a bit weird,” he told me. I chuckled and messed
his hair up. As Finlay was done and turned off the equipment, I told Cadence I had to go. I was walking towards Finlay,
Sam and Medow.
“Beta? Excuse me, Beta?” I turned around at the unknown voice and saw the older woman from the Rolling Hills pack
trying to get my attention. Two of our warriors made sure she couldn’t go past the area we had dedicated to the
prisoners. I walked up to her, but kept my distance. I nodded to the warriors and they stood to the side.
“Yes?” I asked.
“Regarding the sentence. Can you ask the Alpha to change it? We know the pack land we have isn’t much. But it kept the
pack alive until our latest Alpha started spending money as if we could grow them. We can’t lose the land our pack has
lived on for generations,” she begged me. I looked at her, she must have called me over because she thought it would be
easier to sell me a sob story.
“No. I know your Alpha didn’t listen to you, but in this pack, when the pack speaks, the Alpha listens. And it’s not your
pack land anymore, you don’t have a pack. You lost that privilege when you attacked my pack. We may be peaceful and we don’t like to be cruel. But we aren’t weak. You tried to take us over. For that, your pack will be erased from the surface
of this world,” I told her.
“Please, show mercy. We didn’t want to attack your pack. We had no choice,” she said.
“You had a choice. You could have warned us, you could have told the council that your Alpha was forcing you. There were several things you could have done.”
“It would have been to betray the pack,” she ed.
“No. It would have been to honour your pack, but betray your Alpha. You made your choice. Now you have to live with
the consequences of that decision. I feel my pack has been more than generous in how they decided to handle you. Be
happy you are walking out of here and can reunite with your families. Not many packs will be willing to take you in, but at
least you have a chance to find a new pack. Be grateful.” I turned my back on her and walked away.
Just a heads up: novel5s.com is the only place to read the complete version of this book for free. Don’t miss out on the
next chapter—visit us now and continue your journey!
‘Are you okay, red?’ Finlay mindlinked me as I joined him, Sam and Medow.
‘Fine. If one of the prisoners happens to die during the night, would that be bad?’ I answered. He grinned and shook his
head.
“I think it’s time we all head to bed,” he said out loud. “Some of us are starting to get grumpy.” Medow nodded and
yawned.
“I will carry you,” Sam offered his mate.
“I can walk,” she ed. He sighed, but nodded. The pack was splitting up as well, everyone heading for their home
except the one who would relieve the warriors on duty. I waved as Medow and Sam split from us to head to their house.
“You will be okay?” Finlay asked again as we paused outside the pack house. I was gong inside and he was heading to his
house.
“I will be. I’m tired enough to fall asleep the second I will hit the bed. How about you?”
“I will be happy if I can hold out until I get upstairs to the bedroom. It’s a fifty-fifty chance I won’t make it past the
couch,” he told me.
“Suck it up, Alpha. You need a good night’s sleep. Sleep in your bed,” I told him.
“Aye, aye, Beta Amie,” he joked. I shook my head as we parted. I wanted to follow him back to his place. What I would do
if I did, I didn’t know. I forced my feet to take me into the pack house. It was the safer option.
###Battle of Fate 39
Three pyres were built in the glade where we usually celebrated the full moon. A body laid on top of each pyre. As the
day turned to dusk, Megan’s father and sister stepped forward and shared memories of her. Then some of the warriors
talked about Brian. Then Finlay stepped up.
“Martin and I met as pups. We grew up together, we learned about life together and how to be wolves together. He was my brother. He never hesitated to follow me when I broke off from our old pack. He loved this pack, and he was proud of
what we have become. Martin made the biggest sacrifice anyone can make. He gave his life for this pack and we honour
him for it.” Finlay stepped back and I took a step forward.
“When I arrived at this pack, Martin was one of the more enthusiastic to get to know me. He knew I grew up in a Beta
family and he wanted me to teach him to be a good Beta. I never needed to teach him anything. He was a natural.
Instead of becoming his teacher, I became his friend. In Martin I found a friend, a confidant, and an older brother. As I
shoulder the mantel he left behind, he will be my inspiration and my role model. He was our first Beta and we will
remember him as a Beta all other Betas will look up to.” I stepped back to stand between Finlay and Sam. Medow, Matilda and Megan’s sister stepped forward. They all had a lit torch in their hands. Each of them litt a pyre and then
stepped back. We watched as the fire took hold and soon all three pyres were in full flame. After a while, the pack walked
around, talking to each other, eating from the food that was laid out, and sitting down to talk amongst themselves. I walked over to Matilda and gave her a hug.
“How are you holding up? You are always looking after us, but don’t think I don’t know you have spent most of your waking hours in the kitchen, making sure the pack is fed,” I told her.
“I’m okay. They were all good wolves and I hate to see them go this early. But I like to keep busy,” she said. “Thank you
for looking after my nephew. This has been hard on him. The two of them were inseparable since they were pups. I know
he doesn’t like to let it show, but he is devastated,” she added, and we both looked in Finlay’s direction. He looked up at
me as if he felt me looking and raised an eyebrow. I smiled at him and turned back to Matilda.
“To be honest, he is helping me as much as I’m helping him. I feel like I have lost my brother.” Matilda smiled a sad smile,
and we hugged again.
“It will get better. It’s never easy to lose the ones we love. But we learn to live with it and find our way to a new way to
live.” She walked away to make sure Medow and Shelly had things to eat. Finlay walked up to me.
“Were the two of you talking about me?” he asked.
“Now, now, Alpha. Don’t let that ego get the best of you. There are other subjects than you,” I teased him. He smiled.
“Will you join me as I make the rounds?” he asked.
“Sure,” I agreed and we walked around the pyres, talking with the pack and listening to memories they wanted to share,
fears they had and how they now, more than ever, felt like this pack was the right choice for them.
***
I stood in the door opening and looked into the Beta office. It was the day after the funeral and Finlay had ordered me to move into my new office. It was a direct order, there was no way to interpret it differently. I got it. If he had let me do it at
my own pace, I would probably have taken years to move my things from my office, the former storage room, into my
official one. I sighed and looked over the room.
‘Have you started?’ Finlay mindlinked me.
‘Yes,’ I answered.
‘Have you actually stepped inside the room?’ Sometimes I hated how well he knew me. I place one foot inside the room.
‘I have,’ I told him.
‘Just do it, Amie. Everyone will feel better when things settle down. The more things we leave in the air, the harder it will
be.’ I knew he was right.
‘I know. I’m on my way.’ I took a proper step inside the room, and as I did, something started to ring. I froze in place and
felt like a burglar that had been caught red-handed. Until I realized it was the landline phone. All the top tier offices had
one. I shook my head at myself and walked over to the desk.
“Amie Sage,” I answered the phone.
“Hello, my name is Bridget. Am I talking to the Beta of the Blue mountain pack?” a woman said on the other hand. I knew
the name.
Just a heads up: novel5s.com is the only place to read the complete version of this book for free. Don’t miss out on the
next chapter—visit us now and continue your journey!
“Hi, it is. Are you Martin’s sister?” I asked.
“I am. I’m sorry to call like this, I didn’t know if Alpha Finlay would have time for my call and I really don’t have the
phone number for anyone else,” she explained.
“No, no. I don’t mind and neither would Fin… the Alpha,” I told her. “What can I do for you?”
“I…” there was a pause and then a sigh. “The family couldn’t attend the funeral for my brother. It wasn’t the right time,”
she started over. I could read between the lines, either her mate or the Alpha had denied her to come. “I would like to ask
if it would be possible to send some of my brother’s personal effects to me or my mother?” she asked.
“Of course, we would be more than happy to do so. We will clear out his house tomorrow. Martin had a will and he
specified which things should be sent back to you. I will make sure you get them,” I promised.
“Oh, thank you. I can’t believe he is really gone. I always thought we would have time to put things right between him
and dad. That I would get to see him again. And now he is gone.” I could clearly hear the grief in her voice.
“He talked a lot about you. He missed you.” I didn’t know if I was making it better or worse.
“Thank you. We would call each other at least once a month to talk. He talked a lot about you as well. He liked you and
saw you as a close friend,” she told me. I smiled with tears in my eyes.
“He was an amazing wolf,” I said.
“He was,” she agreed. “I need to go, my mate will be home from training soon and I like to have dinner ready when he
does. It gives us more time to hang out in the evening. It was nice talking to you and thank you for giving me your time.”
Just a heads up: novel5s.com is the only place to read the complete version of this book for free. Don’t miss out on the
next chapter—visit us now and continue your journey!
“It was my pleasure. I’ll make sure the things will be sent to you. If there is anything else you need, give me a call. Or
Alpha Finlay.” As we hung up, I felt better than I had done before the call. I started looking over the things in the office,
sorting Martin’s personal things from the things that were Beta related. Two hours later, Finlay leaned against the door
frame and looked at me.
“How is it going?” he asked.
“I’m almost done. I have packed Martin’s things in that box and I have packed my things in my office. I’m just doing a bit
of dusting before I go and get my things,” I told him.
“Feeling better about the move?”
“Yes. I spoke to Martin’s sister. She wanted to know if we could send some of his things to her. I said I promised to make
it happen.” He nodded. “Thank you for pushing me. I needed it,” I added. He gave me a weak smile.
“We all need it right now.”
“Have you heard from the council?” I asked.
“The Rolling Hills pack land is now empty of wolves and the pack is officially disbanded,” he told me. It was my turn to
nod. “It’s time for lunch, I will help you carry Martin’s things to his house after we eat and get your things. But my aunt
will be worried if we skip another meal,” the told me.
“You know I can carry the boxes myself,” I said as I walked up to him.
“I know, red. But I will do it.” Stubborn Alpha. I didn’t , I would find a way to pay him back.
###Battle of Fate 40
‘Amie!’ The mindlink from Medow woke me up.
‘Medow?’ I asked.
‘It’s time,’ she told me. I was wide awake at once.
‘On my way,’ I linked her as I was putting on my pants and trying to pull a t-shirt over my head at the same time.
‘Please hurry.’ The last link had me worried something was wrong. We had been preparing for weeks for Medow’s and
Sam’s daughter to be born. Her parents had arrived two weeks earlier and they were lovely wolves. Her mother and I had
got along amazingly as we helped Medow get ready. I sprinted out of the pack house and headed for their house. Finlay
joined me and we both grinned at each other.
“Shelly has also gone into labour,” he informed me.
“Two pups the same night? Did you put something in the food?” I teased him. He laughed.
“I will head over to Jake and Shelly first. Let Medow and Sam know I will be there to keep her dad company as soon as I
can,” he said. I nodded as we split up. I arrived at the house, knocked on the door and walked inside. Medow dad was
walking back and forth in the living room.
“The Alpha will be here soon, we have another pack member giving birth as well,” I told him. He smiled at me and
nodded. I headed up the stairs and headed for the bedroom. I knocked on the door and heard a loud growl. Oboy, Sam
was in a good mood.
‘That better be you, Amie,’ Medow mindlinked me. I stepped into the room.
“Oh thank goddess!” she exclaimed when she saw me. She was sitting on the edge of the bed, leaning against her
mother that held a cloth to her neck. Next to them, Sam stood and looked from me to the two healers that stood in a
corner.
“For the sake of the moon, Sam. Get a grip. We are all here to help Medow,” I huffed as I closed the door behind me.
“She is in pain,” he said. I could hear the equal parts of fear, panic and anger in his voice.
“I know. But she won’t be in any less pain because you act like a cave wolf.” I told him. I walked up to Medow and kissed
her head. “You are doing amazing, I’m proud of you. Don’t worry about the idiotic mate you have. I got him,” I told her.
She relaxed and let out a giggle.
“I knew it was a good idea to have you here,” she told me. I smiled and walked up to Sam and put my hand on his
shoulder.
“You should focus on supporting your mate. I will make sure no one does something stupid. The only thing that matters
is Medow and the pup. That is your job. I will take care of everything else. Finlay will make sure everything is okay
downstairs when he arrives. He just needed to look in on Jake and Shelly. You are not the only one who is getting ready
to have a pup today.”
“Oh, that’s exciting,” Medow said.
“The pack is doing good,” her mother remarked. I smiled and agreed.
Just before dawn, Finlay sent out a pack mindlink to let everyone know Jake and Shelly had a daughter, the pack had a
new member. They named her Rose. Three hours later, Medow gave birth to a girl. She was perfect and had a generous
amount of almost white blond hair on her head.
“You did good,” I told Medow as she rested in bed with the little one in her arms, Sam was sitting next to her, with his
arms around her. He was mesmerised by his daughter. Medow’s mother was thanking the healers. There was a light
knock on the door and Finlay stepped into the room.
“Congratulations,” he told our friends with a huge smile.
“Thank you, Alpha,” they both said. I made place for him by the bed so he could bend over and have a look at the pup.
“She is perfect,” he told the proud parents. “Have you decided on a name?” Medow looked up at her mate with a smile.
“Martina,” he told Finlay. I felt a pang in my heart and both Finlay and I smiled.
“A good name,” Finlay told them and then he sent out the second pack link of the day to announce a new pack member
had been born. I gave Medow a gentle hug and kissed Sam on the cheek before I left them in the capable hands of
Medow’s mother. Finlay and I walked downstairs and I talked a little with Medows’ father before he headed upstairs to
see his grandchild and Finlay and I headed towards the pack house.
“Aunt Matilda is orchestrating a fest both for lunch and dinner,” Finlay told me.
“That sounds right,” I said and tried to hide a yawn.
“Take the morning off and take a nap,” he suggested.
“I’m fine. I just need some coffee and I’m good to go. You have been awake just as long as I have and I don’t see you
napping,” I told him.
“I just sat around waiting, you actually did things.”
“I can’t argue with that. Sam certainly had it out for the poor healers at one point.” Finlay laughed.
“The pack is grateful you saved two of our healers’ lives. They are useful to have around.” I laughed as well.
“How about breakfast?” I asked.
“How about we wait thirty minutes and grab lunch instead?” he countered.
“Is it really that late?”
Just a heads up: novel5s.com is the only place to read the complete version of this book for free. Don’t miss out on the
next chapter—visit us now and continue your journey!
“It is.” He looked at me. “Maybe you should get some food and head off to bed.”
“It’s not that bad. I will be fine.”
“Amie!” We both turned around to see Cadence and his sister walking towards us.
“Hi Cade, Mari. I hear congratulations are in order. How is your mom?” I asked.
“She and the pup are both well, thank you. They are resting and dad is keeping an eye on them. He sent us to have lunch
in the pack house,” Mari told us.
“How do you feel about being a big brother, Cade?” I asked.
“It’s okay. She is really small so there is not much for me to do right now,” he told me.
“Sounds about right. My brother told me I was really boring the first year of my life. You just need to hang in there, it will
get better,” I said.
“Yeah. You were boring as well,” Mari told her little brother. Cadence didn’t look happy about that. Finley and I
exchanged an amused look. We joined the two of them for lunch and the other pack members came by to say
congratulations to the two siblings.
“I’ll get the casseroles I know Matilda has ready and hand them to the two families,” I told Finlay after we had eaten.
“I can send some on if you need a nap,” he offered.
“No need. I will take a nap once I’m done,” I promised. I reluctantly nodded and I headed for the kitchen. As I had
expected, Matilda had a big food package for each of the families and I headed off with Mari and Cadence. We stopped
at Medow and Sam’s place. Her father took the food and thanked me. I didn’t want to disturb the new parents so we
headed for Mari and Cadence’s house next. Cadence walked right inside.
“Mom, dad, we’re home and we brought Beta Amie!” he called at the top of his lungs. Mari sighed and shook her head.
“Cadence, you need to keep your voice down. Rosa and your mother are trying to sleep,” his father told him.
“Sorry,” Cadence whispered and looked like a sad puppy. His father ruffled his hair.
“Welcome, Beta,” he then said.
“Thank you. I’m just here to hand over some food. I think it’s enough here for at least five days. If you need more or any
other help, please let us know,” I told him and handed him the basket of food.
Just a heads up: novel5s.com is the only place to read the complete version of this book for free. Don’t miss out on the
next chapter—visit us now and continue your journey!
“Thank you. It is greatly appreciated. You would think it would be easier when it’s your third, but it’s still just as world
shattering,” he said with a smile. It let me know he didn’t mind the process at all. He paused for a moment. “Shelly asked
if you have a moment to come and see her and the pup?” he asked.
“Of course. I’m not disturbing her and the pup?” I asked.
“No, no. If she asked for you, it’s okay,” he said. “Cadence, show the Beta to your mother and I will put away the food,”
he added. Cadence nodded.
“I will help you dad,” Mari said as Cadence and I headed further into the house. The house was a one story home and the
bedroom was at the back of the house. I gently knocked on the bedroom door and then Cadence and I stepped inside.
“Beta, thank you for seeing me,” Shelly said from the bed. She spoke in a hushed voice. The little newborn pup was in a
bassinet next to the bed.
“Not at all, how are you feeling?” I asked in the same hushed tone.
“I’m fine, just a little tired. I wanted to make sure you didn’t take offence that we named the little one after you,” Shelly
said. I smiled at her.
“Not at all, it is an honour.” She returned my smile. She reached out and brushed her hand over Cadence hair. He was
standing and looking into the bassinet at his little sister.
“After what you did for our boy, it felt like the right thing to do,” she said. I joined Cadence and looked down on the
sleeping pup.
“She is beautiful. Just perfect,” I told her mother. Shelly beamed.
“She is. How is Medow?” she asked.
“Doing good. We stopped by on our way here and she and Martina were sleeping,” I told her.
“I remember being a first time mom. It takes some getting used to. I hope the two of us can lean on each other,” Shelly
said.
“I think she will like that,” I agreed. I said goodbye and walked back to the front of the house.
“Beta,” Jake said.
“Yes?”&nbsp;
“I hope this doesn’t take me out of the running for the games. I know it sounds bad. But they are still four months away
and I think Shelly will be able to manage for a month without me. She has Mari and Cadence to help,” he told me. I
smiled at him. He had been so reluctant at first to even consider participating. But the last couple of years, he had put his
all into training.
“It doesn’t. We will choose the participants in about three months and talk to the one we chose before we make it public.
If everything is okay then, we are good,” I told him. He relaxed. As I made my way back to the pack house, I tried not to
yawn. I really needed a nap. Jake’s question had the nerves in my stomach come to life. They always did when thinking
about the games. One part was the games themselves. They were important for the pack’s future. But if, or rather when, I went, there was no getting away from running into James and my brother. No more hiding in the shadows. It would also
be the best chance for Finlay to find his mate. The closer the games got, the worse my nerves felt.
###Battle of Fate 41
I was in my office and looked at the short list of potential members to take to the games. We could bring five and we
needed a rounded team, ready to take on everything. There was a knock on the doorframe, my door usually was open
when I was in my office. I looked up and saw Medow and Martina. I smiled at them.
“Hello, if it isn’t the cutest wolf in the pack,” I said.
“Hi, it is, and she has her daughter with her as well,” Medow said and we both laughed. “What is the birthday girl doing
all hidden away?” Medow asked. “The rest of the pack is preparing your celebration.”
“I know. I just have a couple of more things to do,” I told her. For years, my birthday had been my least favorite day. It
held memories I would rather forget. When I lived in the human world, I had done my best to avoid it. But since coming
to the pack, I had started to celebrate it again. It was hard to avoid, as both Medow and Matilda insisted, and Finlay had
refused to help me tell them no. I had become better each year. But this year was tricky. We were a month away from the
games and my nerves were on edge. Medow walked up to me and held Martina on one arm as she put a hand on my
shoulder.
“Do you want to talk about it?” she asked.
“No. I’m fine,” I told her. She raised an eyebrow and I had to giggle at how good she had become at the ‘mom-look’.
“Do I need to tell Finlay?” she asked.
“Okay, I’m mostly fine,” I corrected myself. “It’s just a lot at the moment with the games, and trying to prepare for
meeting James and my brother again,” I confessed. Medow sat down in my visitor’s chair.
“I can understand that. Is it just bad nerves?” she asked.
“No. Part of me is looking forward to the games. I think we have a good chance at doing really well. And I’m looking
forward to meeting Elder. I just hope he isn’t too angry with me.”
“It will be fine,” Medow said. “I’m a mother, I know these things,” she added. I laughed.
“Thank you for cheering me up,” I said.
“You are welcome. You can pay me back by babysitting Martina next Saturday so me and my mate can have some alone
time. I think the little monster has a built-in sensor for when we are starting to get things going.”
“Hey there! No need to tell me things. I would love to babysit. Just drop her off and the two of us will have a girls day,” I
agreed.
“Thank you. Now I think you could use a walk and then you need to get ready. I’m not letting you miss your own
birthday party. I’m sending Finlay to get you at six. At least I know he won’t let you stay at home.”
“Fine, fine. I will yield,” I said and put my things away, shut down my laptop and closed my office. “I’m taking a stroll by
the creek, if you need me just mindlink,” I told her and caressed Martina over her head. I took the path Martin and I
always used. I plopped down in our spot and let myself feel how much I missed him. I relaxed and listened to the water
and enjoyed the summer sun. It did wonders and half an hour later I was ready to head back to the pack house to get
ready. Medow, Shelly and I had taken a shopping trip a couple of weeks ago. The two of them felt they needed new
clothes after the pregnancy, and I joined them. I found a forest green summer dress I fell in love with. It was just what I
needed for the party. After a shower I put the dress on and for once I pinned my hair up. I was happy with the result as
there was a nock on the door. I looked at my phone, six o’clock on the dot. I smiled as I opened the door.
“Hello, Alpha,” I said. Finlay smiled back at me.
“Happy birthday Amie, you look beautiful tonight,” he told me and held out a tiger lily.
“Thank you,” I said and took the flower. “One moment,” I said and walked into my room to find something to put the
flower in. I placed it on the table by the window and could feel Finlay’s eye on me as I moved around. When I turned
back to him, he was leaning against my door frame, looking sexier than anyone had the right to. I hoped he couldn’t hear
how my heart skipped a beat and then set off at a rapid pace.
“And a birthday gift,” he said. From nowhere he pulled out a small box.
“Finlay, we don’t give each other gifts,” I ed. Everyone in our friend group had agreed on it. The only ones we gave
gifts to were the children, well, the child.
“Uhu, that is why you got me my favourite pen on my birthday?” he asked.
“That was just something I happened to run into around your birthday,” I told him.
“Just open the gift, red,” he told me. I walked over to him and took the little box.
“Thank you,” I said.
“Traditionally, you thank someone when you have seen what the gift is,” he pointed out. I smiled and untied the ribbon
and opened the lid. Inside was a thin gold chain with a gold pendant. The pendant was round and flat. Engraved on it was a howling wolf with a mountain as a backdrop. Instead of a moon, there was a red stone set in the pendant.
“Fin, it’s beautiful. Thank you!” I told him and let my finger caress the pendant.
“I’m happy you like it. It’s your birthstone,” he told me.
“I love it. Will you help put it on?”
“Sure,” he said and stood up. I took the necklace out of the box and handed it to him. He placed it around my neck and
fastened it. I put my hand over the pendant. “Ready to have some fun?” he asked.
“I am.” Together we walked downstairs and out. Thanks to the amazing weather, the party was to be held in the glade
where we had most official parties and gatherings. I could hear the music and see the bonfire long before we arrived. As we arrived, Matilda saw us.
“The birthday girl is here!” she called out, and everybody cheered. Matilda, Medow and Shelly all came to hug me.
Cadence ran up to me and gave me a wooden wolf he had made himself. It was a little crooked and lopsided, but it was
cute and still looked like a wolf.
“How much food have you cooked?” I asked Matilda. She laughed at my comment.
“I’m anticipating we will be here all night, we will need food,” she told me. I had let my friends make my birthday party
bigger than usual. Everyone was tense about the upcoming games. They needed to have some fun and my birthday was
just the distraction they needed. I talked to Sam as we both loaded our plates with food. As we stood around, talking and
eating, pack members came around to congratulate me and tell Medow and Matilda what an amazing party it was. When
everyone had got the first round of food, Matilda banged on a lid, everyone went silent.
“Time for cake,” she announced. Everyone cheered again. Three of the kitchen staff came carrying an enormous cake. It made sense as it needed to be enough for the entire pack. But it was a throwback to my eighteenth birthday, and I
fought against the memories. The cake was decorated as a large, blue mountain with trees and wolves spread all over it.
It was an amazing cake. I focused on the differences to stay in the moment. The pack gathered around the cake as Matilda lit all the candles. They all sang Happy Birthday and I did my best to blow out all twenty-eight candles in one go.
There was another cheer as I succeeded and next thing the cake was being cut into portions. I got the first piece and I
discovered it was red velvet cake with fresh raspberries and blueberries in the layers.
“Matilda, you are amazing. This is the best cake I have ever had,” I told her after the first taste. She smiled and blushed.
The party continued. People talked, laughed, danced and some shifted to run in the woods. The food was amazing and I
lost count on how many pieces of cake I had eaten. I had danced with Finlay, Sam and James and turned down three
other men. It was well after midnight and I stepped away from the bonfire as I needed to cool down.
“Tired?” Finlay asked as he walked up to me.
“Mostly hot,” I said. “But I’m starting to reach my limit for partying. I’m getting old,” I said and laughed.
“Watch your tongue,” he said in a huff and then chuckled. I laughed even more as I knew he was a year older than me.
“How about we steal a piece of cake each and head over to my place. We can sit on the porch and watch the creek while we eat it. It should cook you down before bed,” he suggested. It was too good of an offer to turn down. I did a little
round to say good night to my friends while Finlay stole some cake. We met up at the path back to the pack house and
he handed me a plate with a big piece of cake.
“I will have dreams about this cake,” I happily told him as we walked back. He just chuckled at me.
###Battle of Fate 42
Finlay and I sat down on the step leading from his porch to the garden. The heat of the day had given way to cooler air,
the moon was a week from being full and the creek flowed at a steady pace. We didn’t talk as we ate. We were used to
each other’s company and it was a comfortable silence.
“Have you had a good birthday?” he asked me as we both had finished our cake.
“It has been amazing,” I told him.
“I was afraid it would trigger too many bad memories,” he said.
“It had its moments. But in the end, this birthday was much better and completely different.” He nodded.
“How do you feel about the games?” he asked.
“About the games or about what will happen when we won’t be playing?” I asked. He looked at me and smirked.
“The later,” he said.
“I don’t know. I’m nervous. I look forward to seeing my brother, but I’m scared he will be angry with me. With James… I
just don’t know what to think. I don’t have feelings for him, those died a long time ago. And I think I mostly have
forgiven him for what he did, it led me to end up here. But I’m afraid the bitterness will surface when I see him,” I told
him honestly.
“Would you prefer to stay home?” he asked.
“No.” I didn’t need to think about it. Despite my mixed feelings, I knew I would never skip the event. My pack needed me. “How about you? I’m not the only one with complicated family matters,” I asked him. He grunted.
“I have dealt with them at the alpha meetings. I’m predicting my brother will try to force a joining of the packs. Again.”
“At least we will have each other,” I told him. He gave me a smile.
“That is true.” We sat a moment longer, thinking about what we had talked about. I felt better after sharing my fears with
Finlay. I always did. “Ready for bed?” he asked. I nodded, and he stood up and reached his hands towards me. I took it
and he helped me up. We stood on the porch in the moonlight and neither of us had let go. Our eyes met and after a
couple of heartbeats during which none of us did anything, Finlay tugged lightly in my hand. The tug wasn’t hard
enough to do anything. But I found myself walking towards him until our toes almost touched. Our hands were still
connected and the air was filled with the tension which usually was under the surface whenever we were close. Now it
had been released and it was almost palatable. I don’t know who made the first move, or if we made it together. One moment we stood looking at each other, the next moment we were kissing like it was the only way to survive. Finlay’s
free hand had moved to my cheek and he gently held my face as he kissed me. My free hand had landed on his waist,
keeping me anchored with him. Finlay tugged on my lower lip and with a moan I opened my mouth to let his tongue
inside. I had kissed other men, even if it was a long time ago, but nothing could have prepared me for this kiss. I set my
body and soul on fire. Everything I held back for six years came flooding out. Finlay responded with a flood of his own.
His hand moved back into my hair and he gripped a handful of it. It didn’t hurt, but it was a possessive gesture that had me moaning for the second time. As if my moan had unlocked something in him, Finlay locked his arms around me and
picked me up. Next thing I knew, I was inside Finlay’s house, in the hallway he let me down and pressed me up against
the wall. My hands had wrapped around his neck and one of my hands tangled in his blond hair and the other caressed
over his shoulders. A growl escaped Finlay as he pulled my leg up to wrap around his waist. The skirt on the dress hiked
up to expose the leg. Finlay’s strong hand rubbed all over my naked leg and all I could do was roll my hips against Finlay.
This was new territory for me. Finlay grunted and moved his hips with mine. It almost sent me over the edge. His lips left mine as he kissed down my neck. Both my hands grabbed his hair in desperation. His hands had landed on my ass and were pulling me towards him in pace with me rolling my hips.
“Finlay,” I moaned.
“Amie,” he growled in response. I tried to ignore the voice in my head telling me I couldn’t do this. I could, I needed to
do this, I told the voice.
“Finlay,” I whimpered. He froze as he heard the change in my voice. I hated myself. He tilted his head so his forehead
rested on my shoulder. I could feel his heavy breaths against my skin and my hands were still tangled in his hair. “We
can’t do this, Finn,” I told him in a whisper. I felt close to tears. He looked up at me and cupped my face with both his
hands.
“Amie, I can’t ignore this thing between us any longer. It’s eating me up when I can’t act on the instinct to show you
affection, take your hand, put my arm around you, kiss you. Every day I have these instincts, my wolf pushes me to stake my claim to you,” he told me. I caressed his face.
“I know. I feel it too.” I told him.
“Then why can’t we?”
“In four weeks we will go to the biggest meeting of wolves in the world. The chance of you meeting your mate there is
high,” I told him. For once I didn’t hide how the thought pained me.
“Amie,” he said, leaning his forehead against mine.
“No Finn. It is what it is.”
“I will reject her. I don’t want anyone else but you,” he told me. There was so much certainty in his voice.
“If you did it would break me,” I honestly said.
“Why?”
“Because it would be my fault someone would be rejected. How can I live with that?”
“Amie, love, it would be my decision. I love you and I can’t see myself loving anyone else this way.” His declaration of
love had the first of my tears running over.
“I love you too. And it scares me how much. I’m terrified of what will happen when you meet your mate. If I give myself
to you like I want to and I have to give you up.” I paused to collect myself. “I won’t be able to pick up the pieces of myself
after. IT will be so much worse then when I was rejected.”
“I would never do that to you,” he insisted. I smiled at him through my tears.
“I know you wouldn’t do it intentionally. But we both know that things happen when you meet your true mate. And if
you do, I wouldn’t want to stand in your way.” Finlay kissed me. It wasn’t full of fire this time. It was soft and gentle.
“Please don’t cry, red. You are breaking my heart,” he said, wiping away my tears and kissing the skin where they had
been. “I’m not getting younger. If I want a family I can’t wait forever.” he said. I chuckled.
“The games are four weeks away, Finn. I don’t think your balls will shrivel up until then.” He smiled and kissed my
forehead.
“Probably not,” he agreed.
“I will make you a deal,” I told him.
“Like the one that let me lure you to the pack?”
“Something like it. We will hold off on this and focus on preparing for the games. If you don’t find your mate during the
games, we will revisit this when we get back home,” I suggested. He looked at me.
“I have one condition,” he said.
“And what is that?” I asked.
“When we are alone, we don’t pretend this doesn’t exist. I get to tell you I love you and I get to hold your hand and be
close to you. As long as we don’t cross any lines. And I get to make sure to keep other males away when we are at the
games,” he told me.
“I think there is more than one condition. But I will agree to it, as long as I can do the same, with the exception if you meet your mate,” I said. He smiled.
“I give you permission to chase my mate away as well,” he told me. He gave me a long kiss. “To keep me going for two months,” he said. It would be a long two months, I thought.
“I should go,” I told him. He didn’t move, but kept me caged against the wall.
“Do you want to leave?” he asked.
“No. But I feel like it wouldn’t be fair of me to stay. I may be inexperienced with these things. But I don’t want to tease
you,” I told him.
“Inexperienced… Amie, have you ever…?” his question remained half unfinished. I blushed.
“No. I was eighteen when I was rejected. Remember? After that, I lived with humans and then I met you,” I told him.
“Fuck. Maybe it was better you stopped me. When we do this, it needs to be done right,” he told me. I giggled.
“I trust you on that,” I said.
“Stay. I don’t want you to leave. Not like this, not when we finally have got all of this out.” I looked at him and nodded. He stepped back and held out his hand. I took it and he led me to the couch. He sat down and pulled me into his lap.
When he was sure I was comfortable, he put his feet up on the coffee table and leaned back. I felt him relax. I snuggled
up in his arms and enjoyed the closeness, his body heat and the scent of forest which always surrounded him. “Go to
sleep, red. We will deal with everything when the sun is up,” he told me.
“Good night, Finn. Thank you for a perfect birthday.”
“Anything for you, love.” He kissed my hair, and I felt at peace.
###Battle of Fate 43
After Amie’s birthday, things changed between us. For the better if you ask me. The tension that had been smouldering
under the surface had been released and it felt like a relief. Our deal had me frustrated at times, but it did give me a
timeframe for when I would finally get what I had longed for. I understood her fear, she had been let down by someone
she trusted, someone who would be the one person she should have been able to rely on. But I had no doubt how all of
this would end. No matter what happened during the games, when we got back home I would make her my Luna. Now I
knew she felt the same for me as I did for her and with that, I knew the future was with her. I had also stopped holding
back when it came to social touching. When we interacted on a day to day basis I let myself place a hand on her
shoulder, or place my hand on her back when we were walking. Amie did the same. I had seen the looks my aunt was
giving us, the smile on her lips told me she approved.
It was almost a week after Amie’s birthday and I had asked the top tiers to meet in our meeting room. It was time for us
to choose who would go to the games. Amie was already sitting in her chair when I arrived. I smiled and walked up to
her. I bent down and placed a kiss on her cheek.
“Hello, beautiful,” I told her. Her hand went up and caressed my neck.
“Hi there. Having a good day?” she asked, I heard her smile in her voice.
“I am,” I told her and created a little space between us as I heard Sam and Medow come walking. I enjoyed our brief moments of intimacy. We took our seats at the table and Medow put Martina on the playmat we had set up. “Time to
decide who will be going to the games,” I told them and they all nodded. “We have five places to fill for the game and we are allowed another ten people for support staff. Let’s make sure we get the best of the best. The floor is open.”
“You and Amie are the obvious choices for participants in the game,” Sam said and Medow nodded.
“As are you, Sam,” Amie added.
“I don’t know,” Sam said and looked at Medow. We all knew Medow was not a top candidate for the games. She had a
lot of good qualities and I knew we were lucky to have her in our top tier, but her strengths were not relevant to the
games.
“Medow, it would be good to have you as part of our staff,” I said. She smiled at me and then glanced down at her
daughter.
“Thank you, Alpha. But I don’t think I will join this year. Martina is too young. I don’t want to bring her to a place with so
many unknown wolves and I can’t leave her here for a month. But my mate will be going,” she told us. Her reasoning was
good, I thought.
“Baby,” Sam ed.
“No, sweety. You need to go. You have trained hard for this. You are the pack’s best warrior and one of us needs to bring
glory to the family name,” she told him with a smile.
“But it’s for a month. I will surely die being separated from you and the little one for that long,” he complained.
“I think you will survive.”
“Fine,” Sam surrendered.
“Good,” I said and put his name down.
“I’m thinking of Jake and Ramses as the final two for the game. Jake has worked hard, he is brilliant and he has even made progress on the physical parts. Ramses has been with us for a year and he is dedicated to the pack. His life as a
lone wolf gives him a good rounded skill set,” Amie said. I felt a brief pang of jealousy towards Ramses. He and Amie had
a lot in common. But it went away just as quickly. I nodded. They were both good choices.
“Any other suggestions?” I asked. There were none and I was happy with the group we had put together. We turned our
attention to the support staff. The games weren’t just about the games, even if it was the focus. The games were spread
out during four weeks. In between them there were council meetings, social gatherings, panel discussions and time for
packs to sit down and talk. It meant we needed a diverse group of pack members to take with us. Healers, in case of
injuries, wolves that could feed us, we decided to bring the pack lawyer and two of our elders. I sent out mindlinks to the
ones chosen who were not in the room. I asked them to come by the meeting room spread out over the day. We talked
to all of them. Asked if they were willing and able to join us. To my relief no one turned us down. Then we talked about
what we expected of them. By the end of the day it was only my aunt left. She walked into the room and smiled at us.
“What is this all about?” she asked.
Just a heads up: novel5s.com is the only place to read the complete version of this book for free. Don’t miss out on the
next chapter—visit us now and continue your journey!
“We want to ask you to come with us to the games, aunt,” I told her.
“A old woman like me? I don’t think I will be any good at climbing and jumping. Surely we have better wolves in the
pack,” she said. I was stunned to silence. Did she think I had offered her to take part in the games? Amie looked at me
and laughed.
“Matilda, you know you can’t tease him like that. He takes you too seriously to see the joke,” she told my aunt and
patted me on the shoulder. My aunt laughed, as did Sam and Medow. It looked like I had been the only one who hadn’t
caught onto her joke.
“Oh, right. Funny,” I said. It made everyone laugh even harder.
“Why do you want me to come?” my aunt asked.
“We could use you both in your role as an elder and with you there we know we will have amazing food to keep us
going,” Amie answered.
“That is sweet of you. What about the pack, who will be looking after them?” my aunt asked.
“I will. I don’t want to bring Martina to the games. And Shelly can help me as well,” Medow said.
“I could use you,” I told my aunt. She looked at me and her face turned serious. We both knew my brother was likely to
try something. She nodded.
Just a heads up: novel5s.com is the only place to read the complete version of this book for free. Don’t miss out on the
next chapter—visit us now and continue your journey!
“Okay, you need someone to take care of you, I guess,” she said. “Let me know when we are leaving and I will be ready.”
“Thank you, aunt.”
“Dinner will be ready in twenty minutes, I expect to see you all there. That includes you, Alpha,” she said and walked out. We all chuckled.
“I think we have a stinker that needs to be changed,” Medow said, scrunching her nose. She picked up Martina and
headed for the bathroom, Sam trailing after her to make sure they were safe on the twenty feet walk. Amy stood up and
walked to stand behind me. At first I was confused by what she was doing. Then her hands started kneading my
shoulders and I let out a huff as I felt the muscles relaxing.
“Do you want to talk about it?” she asked. My brain was too focused on her hands for me to make sense of what she was
asking.
“Huh?” I asked.
“Your brother,” she said, and I heard the smile she had in her voice.
“Not really. I don’t enjoy talking about him in general and I definitely don’t want to ruin a nice moment like this by
thinking about him.” She hummed in the way I knew ment she wouldn’t press me, but she was filing it away to bring it
up later. She continued to massage my shoulders and I tilted my head back to lean against her stomach. My eyes were
closed and I enjoyed the moment. After a while she stopped and leaned down to place a kiss on my forehead.
“We need to get to dinner before your aunt comes and drags us to the table,” she told me. I sat up, took one of her
hands off my shoulder and placed a kiss on it.After Amie’s birthday, things changed between us. For the better if you ask me. The tension that had been smouldering
under the surface had been released and it felt like a relief. Our deal had me frustrated at times, but it did give me a
timeframe for when I would finally get what I had longed for. I understood her fear, she had been let down by someone
she trusted, someone who would be the one person she should have been able to rely on. But I had no doubt how all of
this would end. No matter what happened during the games, when we got back home I would make her my Luna. Now I
knew she felt the same for me as I did for her and with that, I knew the future was with her. I had also stopped holding
back when it came to social touching. When we interacted on a day to day basis I let myself place a hand on her
shoulder, or place my hand on her back when we were walking. Amie did the same. I had seen the looks my aunt was
giving us, the smile on her lips told me she approved.
It was almost a week after Amie’s birthday and I had asked the top tiers to meet in our meeting room. It was time for us
to choose who would go to the games. Amie was already sitting in her chair when I arrived. I smiled and walked up to
her. I bent down and placed a kiss on her cheek.
“Hello, beautiful,” I told her. Her hand went up and caressed my neck.
“Hi there. Having a good day?” she asked, I heard her smile in her voice.
“I am,” I told her and created a little space between us as I heard Sam and Medow come walking. I enjoyed our brief moments of intimacy. We took our seats at the table and Medow put Martina on the playmat we had set up. “Time to
decide who will be going to the games,” I told them and they all nodded. “We have five places to fill for the game and we are allowed another ten people for support staff. Let’s make sure we get the best of the best. The floor is open.”
“You and Amie are the obvious choices for participants in the game,” Sam said and Medow nodded.
“As are you, Sam,” Amie added.
“I don’t know,” Sam said and looked at Medow. We all knew Medow was not a top candidate for the games. She had a
lot of good qualities and I knew we were lucky to have her in our top tier, but her strengths were not relevant to the
games.
“Medow, it would be good to have you as part of our staff,” I said. She smiled at me and then glanced down at her
daughter.
“Thank you, Alpha. But I don’t think I will join this year. Martina is too young. I don’t want to bring her to a place with so
many unknown wolves and I can’t leave her here for a month. But my mate will be going,” she told us. Her reasoning was
good, I thought.
“Baby,” Sam ed.
“No, sweety. You need to go. You have trained hard for this. You are the pack’s best warrior and one of us needs to bring
glory to the family name,” she told him with a smile.
“But it’s for a month. I will surely die being separated from you and the little one for that long,” he complained.
“I think you will survive.”
“Fine,” Sam surrendered.
“Good,” I said and put his name down.
“I’m thinking of Jake and Ramses as the final two for the game. Jake has worked hard, he is brilliant and he has even made progress on the physical parts. Ramses has been with us for a year and he is dedicated to the pack. His life as a
lone wolf gives him a good rounded skill set,” Amie said. I felt a brief pang of jealousy towards Ramses. He and Amie had
a lot in common. But it went away just as quickly. I nodded. They were both good choices.
“Any other suggestions?” I asked. There were none and I was happy with the group we had put together. We turned our
attention to the support staff. The games weren’t just about the games, even if it was the focus. The games were spread
out during four weeks. In between them there were council meetings, social gatherings, panel discussions and time for
packs to sit down and talk. It meant we needed a diverse group of pack members to take with us. Healers, in case of
injuries, wolves that could feed us, we decided to bring the pack lawyer and two of our elders. I sent out mindlinks to the
ones chosen who were not in the room. I asked them to come by the meeting room spread out over the day. We talked
to all of them. Asked if they were willing and able to join us. To my relief no one turned us down. Then we talked about
what we expected of them. By the end of the day it was only my aunt left. She walked into the room and smiled at us.
“What is this all about?” she asked.
Just a heads up: novel5s.com is the only place to read the complete version of this book for free. Don’t miss out on the
next chapter—visit us now and continue your journey!
“We want to ask you to come with us to the games, aunt,” I told her.
“A old woman like me? I don’t think I will be any good at climbing and jumping. Surely we have better wolves in the
pack,” she said. I was stunned to silence. Did she think I had offered her to take part in the games? Amie looked at me
and laughed.
“Matilda, you know you can’t tease him like that. He takes you too seriously to see the joke,” she told my aunt and
patted me on the shoulder. My aunt laughed, as did Sam and Medow. It looked like I had been the only one who hadn’t
caught onto her joke.
“Oh, right. Funny,” I said. It made everyone laugh even harder.
“Why do you want me to come?” my aunt asked.
“We could use you both in your role as an elder and with you there we know we will have amazing food to keep us
going,” Amie answered.
“That is sweet of you. What about the pack, who will be looking after them?” my aunt asked.
“I will. I don’t want to bring Martina to the games. And Shelly can help me as well,” Medow said.
“I could use you,” I told my aunt. She looked at me and her face turned serious. We both knew my brother was likely to
try something. She nodded.
Just a heads up: novel5s.com is the only place to read the complete version of this book for free. Don’t miss out on the
next chapter—visit us now and continue your journey!
“Okay, you need someone to take care of you, I guess,” she said. “Let me know when we are leaving and I will be ready.”
“Thank you, aunt.”
“Dinner will be ready in twenty minutes, I expect to see you all there. That includes you, Alpha,” she said and walked out. We all chuckled.
“I think we have a stinker that needs to be changed,” Medow said, scrunching her nose. She picked up Martina and
headed for the bathroom, Sam trailing after her to make sure they were safe on the twenty feet walk. Amy stood up and
walked to stand behind me. At first I was confused by what she was doing. Then her hands started kneading my
shoulders and I let out a huff as I felt the muscles relaxing.
“Do you want to talk about it?” she asked. My brain was too focused on her hands for me to make sense of what she was
asking.
“Huh?” I asked.
“Your brother,” she said, and I heard the smile she had in her voice.
“Not really. I don’t enjoy talking about him in general and I definitely don’t want to ruin a nice moment like this by
thinking about him.” She hummed in the way I knew ment she wouldn’t press me, but she was filing it away to bring it
up later. She continued to massage my shoulders and I tilted my head back to lean against her stomach. My eyes were
closed and I enjoyed the moment. After a while she stopped and leaned down to place a kiss on my forehead.
“We need to get to dinner before your aunt comes and drags us to the table,” she told me. I sat up, took one of her
hands off my shoulder and placed a kiss on it.
###Battle of Fate 44
“You need to spill it,” Medow said as she sat on my bed, feeding Martina as I was packing.
“Spill what?” I asked as I tried to figure out if I needed more than one dress.
“Oh no, you don’t get to be all oblivious about this. As your friend I need to know what’s going on between you and
Finlay,” she said.
“I don’t know what you mean,” I said. It sounded fake even in my own ears.
“Amie,” she said in her best mom voice.
“Fine!” I paused and sat down on the bed as well. “So this thing happened on my birthday,” I started.
“You slept together?!” she exclaimed.
“No! And keep your voice down. We’re in a house full of werewolves with super hearing,” I hissed.
“Sorry, sorry. I got a little excited. So what was this thing?”
“We kissed. Well, that is an understatement, but it’s the word I’m going to use so I don’t give you an aneurysm.”
“Oh my, oh my. This is amazing. Finally!” she said. She almost bounced on the bed in excitement, but remembered Martina was eating and settled down. I gave her a short version of what had happened, carefully edited to keep the more
spicy bits out. “So the two of you just decided to pause everything?” she asked when I was done.
“Kind of. I know it’s not fair to him. But I’m petrified when I think that he might find his mate. I’m already way too deep.
If I let myself think he is mine and he ends up being someone else’s…” I let the rest hang in the air. Medow gave me a
sad smile.
“I get it. We wolves are lucky in the sense that we have mates. It makes it less scary to give our hearts away,” she said.
“Yeah. Until your mate rejects you and the big, sexy Alpha both you and your wolf get hung up on hasn’t found his. Then
it just complicates things,” I told her.
“Yeah, it does. But, I’m still happy for you. The two of you have been hovering around each other since the day you came
here to visit. It’s good for you to finally get it out and talk about it. And if it helps at all, it’s easy to see how much he
cares for you. I know you don’t want him to reject his mate, and I get it. But I think he would in a heartbeat. If I didn’t
know he would have swooped you up and claimed you a long time ago if it was true, I would say you were mates.” I
blushed.
“We aren’t, but it’s sweet of you to say,” I told her. Matilda gave up a satisfied burp and Medow placed her on the bed
with a soft rattle to occupy her with. I tickled her tummy before getting up to get back to packing. “One dress should be
enough, right?” I asked.
“No. You need at least three. One never knows,” Medow told me. I scrunched my nose.
“Then I would need another bag,” I told her. Medow giggled.
“Amie, you will be gone for four weeks. I think it’s okay if you can’t fit it all into one bag,” she told me.
“How many is Sam bringing?” I asked as I took out another bag.
“I have no clue. By the amount of ‘may be useful to have’ things he keeps piling up. I would guess closer to twenty.” I
laughed.
“Okay. So two should be okay,” I agreed.
***
Later in the afternoon we all gathered in the dining room. It was the day before leaving and everyone who would be
going was sitting together. There were conversations about what the next four weeks would bring going on all around me.
“Are you ready to leave in the morning?” Finlay asked me.
“Yes. Medow helped me pack earlier. How about you?”
“All done.”
“Good. I talked to Matilda and she has made us some amazing food to eat during the drive. We still need to decide who
rides with who. We need to make sure we have room for the luggage as well as all the people. But we want to use as few
cars as we can,” I told him.
“It’s easy. I will take my truck, you will ride with me and we will take as much luggage as possible. Sam, Jake, Ramses and
aunt Matilda will go in Sam’s car and they will have the food we need. Then our two healers, elder Jona and Mandy will
go in one car with their personal belongings and the healing equipment. The rest will go in Robert’s SUV,” he told me.
“You and me in your truck? What about Beula?” I asked.
“Red, no one will voluntarily get into that car. And I’m not letting you drive there on your own. Besides, we can’t bring
that monstrosity and let the other packs see it,” he told me.
“Hey! She is a workhorse. She has been good to me for ten years. She is amazing,” I ed.
“Sure, sure. And you can drive her around here at home. But not to go and meet the other packs,” he insisted.
“Fine.”&nbsp;
***
The next morning we loaded into the cars. Matilda had given each car a snack pack for the first day. We would spend the
better part of two days driving to a remote part of Canada. We had planned out rest stops and food stops, but since we
could switch drivers, we wouldn’t need to stop for sleep. Finlay took the first pass at driving and it was nice being just the
two of us.
“How do you really feel about seeing your brother?” I asked once we had got out on the highway and relaxed. Finlay had
taken my hand and I knew this was the best time to have this conversation. He tried to shrug it off.
“I have met him once a year in the joint pack meetings,” he said.
“And it has never gone well. Each year he has tried something new to force us into his pack,” I reminded him.
“Yeah. I don’t see that changing,” Finlay admitted.
“Have you figured out why?”
“Pride, probably. He doesn’t want to look weak in front of the other packs. And I think they have realised that a pack
made up mostly of warriors and top tiers is no fun as they now need to do everything.” I hummed. If the pack’s warriors were led to believe they were bigger and better than everyone else, there would be trouble when you asked that warrior
to start cleaning toilets or cook for the pack. Which is why that kind of mindset always makes the pack fragile.
“I guess they would have a hard time recruiting new members that aren’t warriors if word got out how they are being
treated,” I thought out loud.
“That is my guess as well,” Finlay agreed.
“So? You haven’t answered my first question,” I insisted.
“I don’t like it. I hate that he tries to manipulate me using our mother and I hate the constant need to prove our pack is
not an extension of his,” he told me. I placed my other hand on top of his, sandwiching it between both of mine.
Just a heads up: novel5s.com is the only place to read the complete version of this book for free. Don’t miss out on the
next chapter—visit us now and continue your journey!
“This time you won’t be alone. We will deal with it,” I told him. He glanced over at me and smiled.
A couple of hours later we stopped at a rest stop and stretched our legs, used the bathroom, ate and switched drivers.
“Are you sure you can handle it?” Finlay asked for the third time as he got into the passenger seat.
“It’s a car, not a spaceship. I think I will figure it out,” I said confidently as I adjusted the seat.
“Fine. Just ask if you need to know something.”
“You are right next to me. It will be fine,” I assured him as I drove off. The biggest difference from my car was that the
truck was an automatic shift. It took a little while to adjust to not having to change manually.
Slowly but surely, we made our way towards the destination. The small caravan of cars had a surprisingly easy time
sticking together and only twice did we need to wait for someone to catch up.
“It will be nice to sleep in a bed tonight,” Finlay remarked as we got close to the area the games were held in. The council
owned a large piece of land in the middle of the Canadian wild. There were no humans for miles and it made it the ideal
place to hold the games as well as any joint pack meetings.
“Yes, I’m looking forward to stretching out on a bed,” I agreed. Sleeping in the car was not a comfortable experience
when you really couldn’t adjust the seat too much due to all the luggage we had in the back.
“Want company on that bed?” Finlay asked and wiggled his eyebrows. I laughed and punched him in his shoulder.
“In your dreams,” I said.
“Quite often,” he admitted.
“Perv.” We both laughed. On the council grounds there were cabins packs could rent for the month of the games. If you
didn’t want to rent one, or couldn’t afford to do so, there were areas for camping. The top five packs got bigger cabins,
free of charge. Those cabins had, in addition to the bedrooms, kitchen and living area all cabins had, a gym and a
conference room. For all other packs there were joint gyms that could be booked if you wanted private access and also
joint conference rooms. We had booked a cabin years ago. It was just a more comfortable option that would give us
advantages. We had made sure to budget for the rent. We had also booked private gym times well in advance. The last
couple of hours had been spent driving on a small gravel road in the middle of a deep forest. Seemingly out of nowhere
there was a checkpoint. One of the warriors manning it stepped forward to check who we were.
“Welcome Alpha Finlay. You have cabin twenty-five. If you scan this QR code it gives you access to a map of the area and
the schedule. The opening of the games is in two days’ time,” the warrior said. Finlay took out his phone and scanned the
code the warrior held up.
“Thank you,” he said. The gate was raised and we drove through. Finlay handed me his phone, and I guided him to our
cabin. The cabins were spread out over a large area in a forested part of the land. It gave the feeling of privacy, as you
couldn’t directly see another cabin. The cabin we had been given was nice. It was a large log cabin with ten bedrooms
divided on the top two floors, a kitchen and a living room on the bottom floor. It had already been decided the
participants in the games would each get a bedroom on the third floor and the supporting staff would pair up two to
each room on the second floor. We decided to spend the rest of the day unpacking and get se
###Battle of Fate 45
I woke up the next morning and took a moment to prepare myself mentally for the day. For each day
we spent here the chance of me running into someone from my old pack increased. I got up and got
dressed in a pair of jeans and a tank top, me, Finlay, and Sam would be doing a lot of walking
around. It made sense to dress comfortably in the summer heat. As I was about to exit my room
there was a soft knock on the door. I opened it and saw Finlay standing outside.
“Morning, Red,” he said and took half a step toward me.
“Morning, Finn,” I said with a smile.
“Ready for today?” he asked.
“As ready as I’m going to get. How about you?” He took my hand and placed a kiss on my palm.
“I’m ready,” he said. We went downstairs together and all of us sat down to have breakfast. We went
through what the goal for everyone was for the day and then we set off.
“I’m heading over to the gym to make sure our bookings are secured,” Sam told me and Finn.
“Good. Me and Amie will go over to the council building and make sure they have registered us and
look if any of our allies have arrived,” Finlay said. As we walked toward the official building, I tried
to take in as much of the surroundings as I could. We would be here for a month, the sooner I got
used to the place, the better. Most of the land was covered in forest. It was the old type of forest with
tall trees and minimal undergrowth. It gave the place a feeling of being a large building with a roof
and tall pillars. It was perfect for what we needed it to be. The area with the cabins had younger
trees that acted as privacy fences between the cabins and the same was true for the campgrounds.
The gyms, public kitchen and bathrooms were all located between the living areas and the council
building. I was just going to tell Finlay that the way the grounds were organised would make it easy
to navigate when I caught the scent of someone familiar. I stopped and looked around.
“Amie?” Finlay asked. For once, I ignored him as I turned towards where the scent came from.
About twenty feet away, I saw my brother. He was looking at me like he couldn’t believe his eyes. I
smiled at him, hoping he would be happy to see me. Elder covered the distance between us in
seconds and drew me into a tight embrace.
“Armeria,” he said and tightened the embrace.
“Hi, Elder,” I said and returned the hug. I felt Finlay standing just behind me. Close enough to
intervene if there was an issue, but not so close as to intrude on the moment. After a moment, Elder
took a step back and held me at arm’s length so he could look at me. He had got older, he didn’t
look as carefree as he used to. But then he was a Beta now. I understood the weight of the title.
“Amie, where on earth have you been?” he asked with a boyish smile. I had to laugh. My worries he
would be mad at me all melted away.
“A little here and there, but mostly at the Blue Mountain pack,” I said, looking over my shoulder at
Finlay. Elder followed my gaze and frowned. I knew what he was going to say. “I asked him not to
tell you. I wasn’t ready,” I explained. Elder looked back at me and nodded. His smile returned.
“It is good to see you. You are all grown up. You look good, little sister.”
“Thank you. So do you. The Beta title suits you,” I told him.
“I have a lot of things to tell you, and a lot of questions about your life as well,” he said. That is
when I noticed the mark on his neck and I grinned.
o you,” I teased him. It was natural to fall back into how
“I have. I found my true mate a couple of years back, Becky. She is perfect. Both mom and dad
adore her. And, you are an aunt. We had a son almost a year ago. Armino is back home with mom
and dad, but Becky is here. I can’t wait for you to meet her,” he excitedly told me. I smiled at him,
he sounded happy and I loved it.
“Congratulations, big brother. I’m so happy for you. I can’t wait to meet your mate. I have some
good stories about you she needs to hear,” I told him. He laughed and tried to ruffle my hair. After
years of avoiding the same move from Finlay, I easily dodged his hand. He continued to laugh and
pulled me into another hug.
“I really have missed you, little sister. Dad and I wanted to find you, but mom forbade us. She said
you would let us know when you were ready,” he said in a serious voice. I sent a silent thank you to
my mother.
I needed time,”
nly way forward. I wished I could hav
Just a heads up: novel5s.com is the only place to read the complete version of this book for free.
Don’t miss out on the next chapter—visit us now and continue your journey!
s just what needed to be done. I’m happy, I have a good life and I’m in a good pack,” I told him. We
let go of each other a
. You are okay with me telling
“Of course. I would never ask you to keep it a secret.”
ou,” he told me. I smiled and nodded. He added my number to his phone. Elder turned hi
ur pack and looking after her, Alpha Finla
sk for a better Beta,” Finlay said
?” he
he fact he looked older and more mature that had my heart pumping like crazy. It was the fact I still
felt the mate bond between us. I stepped backwards, away from my brother. I instinctively sought
out my safe place. Finlay read my body language and he took two quick strides and placed himself
between me and both my brother and Ja
took a step towards me. I took a step backwards
Elder said. Looking betwe
###Battle of Fate 46
We all walked into the council building together. I made sure to keep Amie separated from the other two. Her reunion
with her brother had gone better than expected and I was happy for her. It wasn’t hard to see how much her brother
adored his sister. But something was off. This mate bond thing felt off. I had seen the way Alpha James had looked at
Amie, like a wish come true. I was not ready to let her go. In my mind and my heart, Amie was mine. By her reaction to all
of this, I would say she wasn’t thrilled either. I had never seen her back away from anything before. With my hand on her
back to make sure she knew I was there, I walked straight up to the desk where a clerk sat.
“We need an emergency meeting with the council,” I told him. The wolf behind the desk was about to say something as
he looked up. He met my eyes and then looked over to Alpha James. He seemed to change his mind about what he was
about to tell us.
“Yes, there seem to be some upsetting feelings. May I have your names and packs and I will tell the council.” We gave
him what he asked for and he asked us to wait for one moment. He directed us to wait in separate areas. I was grateful
for his tact, as it gave me a chance to make sure Amie was okay.
‘Are you okay to do this? Should I ask Sam to come and take you to the cabin?’ I asked her in a mindlink. She gave me a
shaky smile.
‘No. I’ll be fine. I need to do this, I need the answers,’ she replied. She seemed to hesitate for a moment. Then she took
my hand. I gave her hand a squeeze to let her know I understood, and then I let her be with her thoughts. She would let
me know if she needed me. I had my back towards Alpha James and made sure to block his view of Amie.
“Please follow me,” the clerk said and showed us into the council room. The council members sat around the conference
table and we stood at the end of it.
“Alpha Finlay, Alpha James, we were told you needed to speak with us, the head councilman said.
“We do. We need your help with understanding a situation,” I said. “My Beta will explain.” Amie took a deep breath and
explained the situation to the council.
“The bond is still there,” she ended her explanation. “I don’t understand why.” The council members looked at each
other.
“Is this a true description of the situation, Alpha James?” one of them asked. Alpha James glanced at Amie. He must
know the story showed him in a bad light.
“It is,” he admitted.
“And when you rejected Beta Amie, did you perform the rejection in the correct way?” Another council member asked.
“The correct way?” Alpha James asked. There was a communal sigh from the council.
“This is what happens when the packs are afraid of educating their members about rejections because they think it will
put ideas into their heads,” a woman complained.
“Yes. If someone is going to reject their mate, they will do it. But if they aren’t taught the proper way, this happens,”
another agreed.
“For a rejection to be completed, the one rejecting has to first initiate the rejection, then the one being rejected has to
accept the rejection. If this isn’t done, the mate bond will remain. As it has been activated but hasn’t been accepted, it
will not be in full force. And, as you both have noticed, it will deteriorate as it’s not being maintained. But it will not go
away on its own and neither of the parties will be able to gain a second chance mate,” the head councilman explained.
“So all I have to do is to accept the rejection? Or do we need to start all over again?” Amie asked.
“No, you can just accept it and it will be completed. But, I will remind you that if you do so, both of you will have to sit
this year’s games out. Even if the bond between you is weak, it is still a bond and the rules are clear about newly rejected wolves,” the councilman reminded us. I cursed internally. We hadn’t counted on this happening and hadn’t brought a
stand in. We could use one of the support staff even if none of them was half as good as Amie.
‘It’s okay, Amie. Accept the rejection, we will figure it out,’ I mindlinked her. I hated the idea she would have to live with a
bond she didn’t want.
‘No, Finn, the needs of the pack come first. If we place low in games it means another ten years of living in fear of what
will happen. Another ten years of possible attacks and the possibility of losing more pack members. I won’t be
responsible for that,’ she told me.
Just a heads up: novel5s.com is the only place to read the complete version of this book for free. Don’t miss out on the
next chapter—visit us now and continue your journey!
‘Amie, there is a possibility of attacks even if we place high,’ I reminded her. She gave me one of her looks and it secretly
made me happy as it showed she was coming back to her usual self.
‘We both know the risk is much lower if you are high ranking,’ she pointed out. It was true, I had no good argument to
come back with.
“If I don’t accept the rejection now, when can I do it without causing issues with the games?” she asked the council.
“As soon as the final game has ended,” one of the council members said.
“I guess you aren’t keen on sitting this one out either?” Amie asked Alpha James. He frowned.
“No,” he agreed. She nodded and took a deep breath in. Amie walked around me before I could and looked Alpha
James dead in the eyes.
“Let’s make a deal. I won’t accept your rejection until after the final game. In return you agree that neither one of us has
a claim to the other and are free to continue our lives as if the bond does not exist. Deal?” she asked him and reached
out her hand.He looked at her for a long moment. I was almost convinced he would turn the deal down.
“Deal,” he finally said and shook her hand. His eyes grew bigger as their hands met. When Amie let go of his hand she
discreetly rubbed hers against her pants.
“Well then. If that was all. Please make sure to educate your packs so we can avoid this in the future,” The head
councilman said. I bowed at the council, as did the others and we walked out of the room. I wanted to take Amie straight
back to the cabin so I could talk to her, make sure she was alright. But she stopped outside the building to say goodbye
to her brother and make sure he knew she still wanted to meet his mate.
Just a heads up: novel5s.com is the only place to read the complete version of this book for free. Don’t miss out on the
next chapter—visit us now and continue your journey!
“Amie, why on earth are you participating in the games?” Alpha James asked. The tone of his voice had both me and my wolf on high alert. I would have growled at him again if Amie hadn’t placed her hand on my arm.
“Why on earth wouldn’t I?” she asked with almost as much sharpness in her voice. Her brother looked between his sister
and his Alpha.
“Amie, I think James is just worried. The games are relentless, and for someone without a wolf, they can be deadly,” her
brother said. Both Amie and I looked at him like he was an idiot. Then it dawned on both of us that neither her brother
nor Alpha James knew about Amies wolf. I felt a grin take over my face. Amie smiled at her brother.
“I would agree. But I have a wolf, so that won’t be an issue,” she told them and I enjoyed the look on both their faces,
especially Alpha James.
“Amie’s wolf is a tough one, large, fast and stealthy,” I said, just to rub some salt in the wounds.
“You have a wolf?” her brother asked.
“I do. She came to me after Finlay offered me a place in his pack. I guess she felt it was the right fit for her, and for me,”
Amie said. “I think we need to get going. This morning has not gone as planned and we have some catching up to do.
You have my number, please let me know when you are ready to introduce your mate,” she then said and then she
looked at me.
“Alpha James, Beta Elder,” I said and nodded to them. I then placed my hand on Amies’ back to lead her towards the
cabin. We had only walked a couple of steps when Alpha James called to Amie.
“Amie, one moment. Can we have a talk? There are things we need to sort out,” he said as he walked up to us.
“No, James. I don’t think so. We agreed this mate bond would not affect things between us. We have lived with it for ten
years. Another month shouldn’t make a difference,” she told him and turned her back on him.
###Battle of Fate 47
As Finlay took me back to the cabin, my world settled around me. We didn’t speak on the way back, or when he sat me
down on a chair on the sundeck at the back of the cabin. I heard him telling his aunt there had been a change of plans
and we would be spending the rest of the morning at the cabin. As usual, Matilda didn’t ask why. She just sent him back
to me with a tray loaded with tea and cookies. I smiled as he put it down next to me. Instead of sitting down on the chair
on the other side of the small table, he sat down on the ottoman in front of me.
“This doesn’t change anything,” he told me as he put a mug of tea in my hands.
“Doesn’t it?” I asked.
“No, Amie, it doesn’t. Unless you are thinking of honouring the mate bond.” I looked at him like he had lost his mind and
he chuckled. “I take that as a no,” he said.
“That is a definitive no. Why would I accept a mate bond with someone who doesn’t want me? Despite everything, James
and I were friends and I wouldn’t force a bond on him,” I told him. Finlay smiled and placed his hand on my cheek. I
leaned into his touch.
“You were in too much of a shock to see it. But Alpha James isn’t as unaffected by you as you think. And now he knows
you have a wolf. I’m predicting we will be singing quite a lot of the Alpha during our four weeks here,” Finlay told me. I
made a face.
“I don’t care. If he didn’t want me at my lowest, I’m not going to consider him at my highest. And, if we put all of that to
the side, I don’t love him. There is this other man who never looked down on me and who I know will be there for both
the good and the bad. That is sexy,” I told him.
“Tell me where I can find this man and I will challenge him,” Finlay said. I could see the humour in his eyes. I laughed at
him and he joined me. Then I sighed.
“This was not supposed to happen. You were the one to find your mate and I was supposed to pretend to be happy for
you,” I told him. He huffed and his hand on my cheek shifted to the back of my head. For a moment, I thought he was
going to kiss me. Instead, he tilted our heads so we leaned our foreheads together.
“Not going to happen. Part of me wish you were more selfish and would have accepted the rejection already. But then
that wouldn’t be you, Red. I have already submitted to waiting until this is over until I stake my claim on your feelings. I
can be patient. But it doesn’t mean I will be passive. I’m not going to sit and watch another Alpha take what I see as
mine,” he told me.
“I should have just let you mark me on my birthday,” I told him. He chuckled and placed a kiss on my forehead before
sitting back up.
“No, Red. You did the right thing. We needed to talk before taking that step and to be honest, if you hadn’t stopped us,
that is where we would have ended up,” he said. “I mean it when I say you are worth the wait. When we take the step, it
will be because we want to spend the rest of our life together.”
“You are just too good to be true, Finn. Thank you for believing in me,” I honestly told him.
“After six years, I know you, Amie. Will you be okay? You have had a lot of emotional things thrown at you today, and I
think you will get a call from your parents any minute.” At the mention of my parents I had to smile.
“I’m looking forward to the call. And I’m okay. Give me an hour and a call with my parents and I will be back to my old
self,” I told him. I then hesitated.
“What?” he asked.
“Nothing. You should get back out there. Our morning have been overturned because of me.”
“Red,” he said in the voice he used when he meant business.
“I was going to ask if you would stay for my call with my parents. I’m looking forward to it, but I’m also nervous and you
always keep me calm. But you have things to do. I will be okay,” I told him. He smiled at me.
“You think I was going to head back out before we have finished the cookies my aunt sent me here with? Dream on. I’m
going to sit here and eat cookies and we are going to plan what to do for the opening day tomorrow,” Finlay told me. I
smiled at him.
“I guess I can share the cookies,” I told him and gave him one.
***
I looked at the back of my Alpha as we made our way back to the cabin. My emotions were all over the place and of
course Becky felt it and stood waiting for me. I smiled as I saw her, I never could help but smile when I saw her. She
looked worried.
“Are you okay?” she asked as she hugged me. I kissed her and tried to think of an answer.
“I am. Mostly. I will explain, but I need to talk to James first. But overall, it is a good day,” I told her. She looked in the
direction where James had disappeared into the cabin.
“Okay. Is there something I can do?” she asked.
“No, sweetums. I will come and find you when I have talked to James.” I followed my friend and Alpha into the cabin. I
knew it looked like he didn’t care, but I also knew this would hit him hard. I found him in his bedroom, sitting on the bed
with his head in his hands. “James?” I said. He looked up at me and I saw how he fought to get his mask into place.
Just a heads up: novel5s.com is the only place to read the complete version of this book for free. Don’t miss out on the
next chapter—visit us now and continue your journey!
“Elder. Have you talked to your parents?” he asked.
“No, not yet.”
“Why not? They are going to be excited. I think I will have to call my parents as well. This will be big news back in the
pack,” he said.
“It will be,” I agreed. “How are you holding up?” I asked.
“Me?” he asked.
“Come on, it’s me. No need for the Alpha facade, remember?” He looked at me again, sighed and rubbed his face.
“I didn’t see this coming,” he said. I had to laugh. I ran my hand through my hair and sat down on the floor facing
James.
“Fuck, man. Neither did I. Amie, all grown up, Beta of a pack and with a wolf. And a mate bond. What are your thoughts
about that?” I asked. He made a face that showed regret and something I didn’t want to think too hard on.
“I shouldn’t have rejected her. I was young and impulsive and the thought of living up to the standards everyone
expected of Amies’ mate scared me. I was an idiot. I have been able to just pretend I did the right thing. But then here
she is. More beautiful than when I last saw her, how that is even possible. She is confident and carries herself like a wolf
who knows who she is. And she has a wolf. Fuck. This is a mess,” he told me. His confession had several statements I
didn’t particularly enjoy hearing about my little sister. But then he was her mate. I sighed. He had never opened up like
this before. He had never admitted it was a mistake to reject my sister. I was worried about him. When this news would
spread in the pack, it would stir things up again. Amie had been popular in the pack. As the Beta’s daughter she had
helped out with most things and she was sweet and kind. Everyone knew who she was and everyone liked her. When
James had rejected her, the pack had a hard time understanding why. His explanation of her not having a wolf, had
confused them. James’ popularity and the trust he had from the pack had taken a hit. It had taken a lot of hard work and
time to build it back up. Now I was afraid the news of Amie would cause the pack to doubt James again. Even I could see
what James saw in this new Amie. She was the living image of what Alphas dreamed about in their Luna. I had also seen
how her Alpha had looked at her and how my sister’s first instinct when she got scared was to seek security with him. I
sighed, this was a mess.
“I don’t think you will be able to swing this around. At least now we know why you haven’t got a second chance mate. Maybe this will be a blessing,” I tried to tell him. He shook his head.
“I need to at least try. She doesn’t wear a mark. It means I at least have a chance.”
“Just don’t go overboard in the other direction. You have suffered the consequences of your Alpha stubbornness for ten
years. Let’s not do it all over again because you think you need to go the other way,” I told him. He sighed and nodded.
“I’m going to call my parents. I think it’s a good idea if you call yours as well.” I told him and got up.
“Elder.” I was almost at the door.
Just a heads up: novel5s.com is the only place to read the complete version of this book for free. Don’t miss out on the
next chapter—visit us now and continue your journey!
“Yes?”
“Do you think she would have become this person in our pack if I had accepted her?” he asked me. I cursed in my head.
“I don’t know, man. I don’t know what she has been through. Maybe I can answer it when I get to know her again.”
“Sure.” I walked out of his room and mindlinked Becky to come to our room.
“Ready to tell me what is happening?” she asked.
“I will. But to save some time, I will call my parents and tell you all at the same time,” I told her and gave her a quick kiss.
Just because I couldn’t not kiss her. She giggled.
“It sounds like you are going to announce you are pregnant,” she told me. I grinned at her.
“Not that far off,” I said as I dialled.
“Hi, son. How’s the first day going?” my dad answered. He was sitting in his office, probably reading some book on werewolf history.
“Hi, dad. It’s up in the air at the moment. Can you get mom? I have something to tell you.” It took a minute and my mom
showed up on the call. She tried to bend down beside dad, but he gripped her around her waist and pulled her into his
lap. She giggled and I had to smile.
“Hi, son. Your dad said you had something to tell us,” my mom said.
“Yes,”I said and got serious. My parents picked up on my mood and sobered up. I glanced up to Becky. I had all of their
attention. “I met Amie today,” I told them and heard both my mom and Becky draw a sharp breath. My dad looked like
his brain had stopped working.
“You saw Armeria? How was she? Is she doing well? Is she part of a pack? Did she look like she is eating well?” My
mother hurled questions at me.
“I have her number and she would like you to give her a call. But first I need to tell you something,” I told them. I could
see the light in their eyes as they understood they could be talking to their daughter again.
###Battle of Fate 48
The cookies were almost gone when my phone rang. I jumped as I had been waiting for it and was on edge. I picked it up
and saw someone was calling on FaceTime. I looked at Finlay. He smiled and took my free hand. I answered and my heart
did a double take when I saw my mom and dad. They were in my dad’s office, it looked just like it used to, back when I
last had seen it. My mom was in my dad’s lap and it made me happy to see they still acted like newly mated. They looked
a little older. My mom had fine lines around her eyes and my dad had some grey strands in his hair.
“Armeria.” It sounded like a breath that escaped from my mom.
“Hi mom. Hi dad,” I said. I felt myself tear up, and Finlay squeezed my hand.
“Hi, pumpkin. You have grown up,” my dad said. I smiled despite the tears in my eyes.
“I guess I have,” I admitted.
“You look beautiful,” my mom told me.
“Thank you mom. I guess I have good genes.” My dad chuckled.
“That you do, pumpkin. Thank the goddess you got all from your mother,” he said. My mom laughed and hit him jokingly
on the chest. As I watched them, I could see some of the things I did to Finlay.
“Tell me everything,” my mom said.
“Everything?” I asked.
“Everything that has happened since I last saw you,” she clarified. I laughed.
“Mom, that was ten years ago,” I ed.
“Well, then it’s best if you start talking,” she said. I started telling them about the last ten years in broad strokes. I
skipped over most of the four years I lived in the human world, just mentioning it briefly. Then I got to Finlay and my
pack and how I got my wolf. My mom had tears in her eyes when I told them that my wolf had come to me. “She is
bright red,” I told them.
“Oh goddess, I have never heard of a red wolf. Mine is more blond than red,” my mother said.
“She is one of a kind. And she is big, almost as big as my Alpha’s wolf, and that is the biggest one I have ever seen,” I
told them.
“I always knew you were special, pumpkin. I hear Alpha Finlay is a good Alpha,” my dad told me. I smiled, I knew he had
contacts throughout other packs. If he had heard Finlay was a good Alpha, that is what the grape wine was saying.
“He is. I was lucky he stopped at the diner I was working in and decided to recruit me. It’s an amazing pack and the last
six years have been some of the best in my life,” I told them.
“I heard you are a Beta,” my dad said. I could hear the pride in his voice and it warmed my heart.
“I am. We lost our former Beta in an attack almost a year ago. You rubbed off on me,” I told him. He laughed and looked
pleased.
“Your brother told us about… the new development with Alpha James,” my mother said. I felt my smile falter.
“It was unexpected,” I told her.
“Are you okay? Is there something we can do?” she asked.
“No, it’s okay, mom. I have people here who support me and it’s only for a couple of weeks. Then we can all leave this
behind us once and for all,” I told her. She looked at me with her mom gaze and then nodded. I felt Finlay stroke the back
of my hand with his thumb. “What about you? How is retired life?” I asked. My dad made a face and I smiled again.
“We are doing fine. Your dad has his books and Elder still asks him for advice from time to time. I have my garden and
my hobbies. And we take all the opportunities we can to babysit Armino. It works out great as Elder and Becky have their
hands full with being the Beta couple,” my mom said, I could see how much she enjoyed being a grandmother.
“I can’t wrap my head around Elder being mated and having a kid. It sounds so grown up,” I told them. They both
laughed.
“Neither of you are pups anymore. How about you, pumpkin? Elder said you aren’t mated, but do you have someone
you fancy?” my dad asked. I felt myself blush and I shifted my gaze from my phone to Finlay who sat behind it and
grinned at me. My mother elbowed my dad and gave him a look that said to not ask things like that. I understood she was worried it would make me uncomfortable with everything.
“There is someone. Nothing solid just yet. We have been circling each other for a while now. Well, it’s complicated,” I told
them.
“I’m happy you have someone, life is too short to not have love in it,” my dad said and gave my mother a kiss on her
cheek. I saw her roll her eyes, but I also saw the smile and the slight blush on her face. I could hear Sam talking to Matilda in the cabin and I knew he would be heading to us.
“I’m really happy that you called. I have missed talking to you both. But I have some things I need to do,” I said.
“Of course, it’s the day before the games start,” my dad agreed. He had been a participant in two games. “Are you
participating or supporting?” he asked.
“I’m participating,” I said. I could see the pride on both of my parent’s faces.
“Of course she is. She is our daughter,” my mother huffed. “We will let you get on with your day. But we will call you
again, and I expect you to keep us updated on how things are. Don’t you dare let it go another ten years,” she then told me.
“I promise, mom. I love you both,” I told them.
“We love you too, pumpkin. And we are so very proud of you,” my dad said.
“Thank you.” We hung up and I closed my eyes for a moment. I needed to collect myself as I felt how close my tears were. Finlay took my phone and placed it on the table and pulled me into his lap so he could put both his arms around
me. I put my head on his shoulder and relaxed.
“Sam,” I half heartedly ed.
“I asked him to give us a moment. He won’t come out here until I tell him to,” Finlay said. I nodded and let myself take a
deep breath of his scent. “They seem lovely,” he said. I smiled.
“They are amazing. I didn’t realise how much I missed them. When all of this is over, would you to me going to see
them?” I asked. It was nice to have got to see and talk to them. But I found myself craving my dad’s hugs and my mom’s
scent.
“Not at all. I’m sure we can arrange something. And they are welcome to our pack anytime,” he told me.
“Thank you,” I said and sat up. “All better.” I gave him a kiss on the cheek and he smiled. He didn’t as I sat back in
my chair.
“I’ll ask Same to come out here.”
“We need to tell him what has happened. We need to tell everyone,” I said.
“We don’t need to do that if you don’t want to,” Finlay ed. I shook my head.
“No, they need to know. We don’t know what will come of this,” I said.
“Come out of what?” Sam asked as he came walking. He took a seat on the chair on the other side of the table. I took a
deep breath.
“It has been an interesting morning,” I said, and started to tell him everything.
“Fuck. Are you okay?” he asked.
“I’m good, well, mostly good,” I told him. He frowned.
“And we are sure there is no other way around it? I don’t like the idea of you being bonded to this idiot,” he grumbled.
“It is what it is for now,” I told him. He looked at Finlay.
“I know how you feel. I even offered her to sit this game out and just get it over with. But you know Amie, she insists it would be unfair to both packs,” Finlay said.
“Well, then we just make sure he doesn’t get close to you and we pretend this isn’t happening. Then you can reject his
ass and we will go home and celebrate our new top rank,” Sam determined.
“Sounds like a plan,” I agreed, loving his positive take on everything.
“Best way forward,” Finlay said.
###Battle of Fate 49
We were all heading to the gathering point. It was the first day of the games and there would be an open ceremony.
Attendance was mandatory for everyone, participants and support staff alike. Finlay and I had told our pack what had
happened the day before, so everyone was aware. The support I had got was overwhelming. I knew it wasn’t a
coincidence I found myself in the middle of the group from our pack. I could have ed. As Beta I should be able to
choose where to walk. But it was sweet and I kind of liked not having to worry about running into members from my old
pack.
“You are taking this better than I thought,” Matilda told me as she walked next to me. I smiled at her.
“It makes them feel better, and it reminds me of what an amazing pack we have,” I said. She laughed.
“That’s the spirit.” We came to a building that resembled a big stadium. We were all filled into it, we had designated
seats. It was to keep packs with feuds from ending up next to each other. We were seated high up on the sloping stands.
On the inside, the gathering point were a combination between a stadium and an amphitheatre. When everyone was
seated, the head of the council stepped forward on the stage and held an opening speech. It was a long speech about
the history of the games, their importance to our community and that we all should treat this coming month with the
respect it deserved. Then, he reminded us this was a time not only for the games, but for us to come together and talk
between packs. When he finally ended his speech, I felt relieved and joined in the howls that followed it. After him
another council member took to the stage and went through the rules. We were free to adjust the groups who were to
compete up until we entered the first game, which would be tomorrow morning. The team that arrived for the first game
was the team we needed to use throughout all games. If one, or more, members of the teams were injured to the point
they couldn’t take part in further games, the team would not be allowed to fill their position with an alternate. They would need to continue with being a member short. They reminded us that fighting between teams was strictly
forbidden if the game itself didn’t require it. We were told the games were dangerous, all games were what they were
portrayed as. There were no safety nets, no fake dangers. There was real potential to get hurt or lose your life. We all
knew this. But for me it became more real as I listened to the councilman. There would be games where each pack did
the task separately and there would be games when all the packs performed the task at the same time. The rules for the
support staff were more straightforward. No fighting between packs, no sabotaging another pack, not helping the own
pack during the games. They were allowed to supply their pack with food and drink during a game, but the items should
be handed into designated spots and the council staff would make sure it reached the correct team. They were welcome
to watch the games and were encouraged to cheer for their own pack and taunt the others. When the rules had been
read, another speech commenced and I felt myself lose focus.
‘He brought our mother,’ Finlay mindlinked me. I followed where he looked. In seats which were among the best in the
stadium, I saw a woman who vaguely resemble Matilda. Even for my wolf sight, it was a little too far away to get a good
view. Next to the woman, there was a man. I assumed it would be Finlay’s brother. I had expected some resemblance, but
I didn’t see any. The man looked like he spent all his time lifting weights. Where Finlay was tall, lean and powerful, this
other Alpha just looked tall and strong. I looked at the group surrounding him and I could see all of them except three were men and all of them looked like their Alpha.
‘I can see why you and the others felt like you didn’t fit in,’ I couldn’t help but comment.
‘Yeah, my brother has a strong view of an ideal warrior. I see Martin’s sister is in the group as well,’ he linked. I looked
over at the three women and saw one I guessed was Martin’s sister. They had the same hair colour. As if she could feel
our gaze, she turned around and looked back at us. She inclined her head and both Finley and I did the same. The big
man sitting by her side with his arm around her shoulder looked in our direction as well when he noticed his mate had
her attention away from the stage. His eyes grew bigger as he spotted Finlay. He quickly faced forward again and nudged
his mate to do the same. It didn’t take many seconds before Finlay’s brother turned around to look at Finlay. His eyes
narrowed. ‘No love lost there,’ Finlay linked me. I reached for his hand and covered it with mine.
‘Don’t mind him. We knew he would be grumpy,’ I told him. Finlay looked at me and I saw he was trying to contain a
laughter. ‘What?’ I linked, wanting to get in on the joke.
‘My brother is giving me death glares and you call him grumpy?’ Finlay asked. I shrugged. ‘But you are right. We knew
this would happen.’
‘It’s not like it has been during your Alpha meetings. You are not alone and you don’t need to face your brother or
mother on your own.’ I reminded him. He nodded. We both tried to focus back on what was being said. It was a long list
of past achievements, heroic undertakings and the wolves who performed them. It kept going for three more hours
before they finally let us go with a reminder to make sure we were ready for tomorrow and the first game. We all filed out
of the stadium. Finlay, Sam and I made sure everyone in our pack stayed together. We had decided ahead of time we would go back to the cabin and eat lunch. Then we had a light training session planned for the team who were to take
part in the games, and then we would rest in the evening.
“Finlay!” someone called out. We stopped as one and turned in the direction of the voice. I saw who I guessed was
Finlay’s mother, come walking. Behind her came his brother and another male, who looked like he also spent too much
time lifting heavy things. Matilda, Sam and I all joined Finlay as the three wolves got closer to him.
“Go on ahead of us, we will be right there,” I told the rest out loud. They seemed to hesitate for a moment, but then
started to walk again. It made me smile, they wanted to be there for their Alpha.
“Finlay, it’s nice to see you. You look well,” his mother said and fired off a weak smile at him. Now when we were up
close, I could see Finlay had got his eyes from her. But otherwise I didn’t see a resemblance between them. Finlay even
looked more like Matilda than his own mother. His brother, on the other hand, was a spitting image of their mother. If she
had spent her days at the gym.
“Hi, mom. So do you,” Finlay said.
“Are you getting enough sleep? I know it can be hard being an Alpha and you were never trained to be one,” she said.
“Tamara, Finlay is an exemplary Alpha,” Matilda interjected.
“Oh, hi Matilda. Well, that is good to hear,” his mother said, she didn’t sound sincere.
“Mom, Ryan, you know Matilda and Sam. This is Armeria Sage, our Beta,” Finlay introduced me. I inclined my head to the
three wolves. Finlay’s mother returned the gesture, the two males did not. I wasn’t surprised, but I felt Finlay tense up
next to me.
“Really, brother? A female Beta? What, couldn’t get one of the males to accept the role after what happened to your last
one?” his brother said. I could feel the tension rise.
“Martin gave his life for the safety of the pack. Any Beta would do the same and it’s a testament of how great of a Beta
he was. Amie is as dedicated and powerful Beta in her own right,” Finlay told his brother.
“The pack loves her, and we are lucky to have her,” Matilda said and Sam nodded along. It was really sweet to stand up
for me like this. It wasn’t needed, I could care less what these men thought of me.
“We were so worried when we heard about the attack. Wouldn’t it be better to just come back to the pack?” his mother
asked.
“No. The attack was unfortunate and we mourn the loss of the three pack members who had to give their life for saving
the pack. But we are more determined than ever to stay as a pack. After these weeks it won’t be an issue any longer,”
Finlay told her. None of the three wolves liked the answer.
“Still not mated, I see,” his brother scoffed after looking at Finlay’s neck where a marking bite would be displayed. “If you
can’t even produce an heir, the pack won’t survive.”
###Battle of Fate 50
“I heard you found your mate, congratulations. I’m sorry to see she didn’t join you. I would have loved to meet her. And
don’t be too worried about me and the pack’s future. There is more than one way to get an heir,” Finlay told his brother.
It was his brother’s turn to scoff.
“She is too weak to go to a place like this. An Omega, who would have thought the gods would give me one of those for
a mate. But at least she will bear me sons,” Alpha Ryan said. His voice was so cold and void of feelings it made me flinch.
Finlay glared at his brother.
“You sound very happy, again, congratulations.”
“Back to the important topic. Stop being so fucking stubborn and come back to the pack before something goes really wrong. I will even agree to include the strays you have picked up on the way. It could be… interesting,” his brother said,
looking me up and down in a way which made me feel like I needed a shower and then be scrubbed with rubbing
alcohol.
“No thank you. I would rather be dipped in honey and dragged through fire ants’ nests,” I said. Matilda laughed, as did
Sam. Even Finlay’s mouth twitched.
“What did you say, bitch?” the other male wolf asked with a growl.
“Keep your Beta in check,” Finlay growled at his brother. “I won’t have him insult anyone from my pack.”
“I could say the same for you. That b… Beta has a mouth which will lead her into trouble,” his brother retorted.
“Amie had all the right in the world to snap back at you after the way you looked at her. You are a mated wolf,” Finlay
said. The tension between our groups increased by the minute.
“Okay. I think we all need some food in our system. Let’s head back before we start a growling contest, or worse, a dick
measuring one,” I said.
“So true, Beta, lunch is waiting for us. I prepared it before we left,” Matilda said in a cheery voice.
“Mom, Ryan, I hope to see you again and good luck in the games,” Finlay said. His brother made a face.
“As if we need it.” I urged Finlay and Sam to move. I knew if they stayed, it would end up bad. Probably in the realm of
disqualification type bad. Me and Matilda got the boys moving and we walked back to the cabin. The others were waiting
for us and even if no one asked, they all wanted to know what had happened.
“We are all fine. We exchanged some pleasantries and then they kindly offered us to join their pack, and we politely
declined. Now it’s time to eat. If you want to join in, make sure to help set the table and bring out the food,” Matilda
said. It put an end to the hesitant looks. The lunch was as amazing as always. But Finlay’s mood stayed the same. During
our light training in the afternoon, Finlay almost ran Jake into the wall and when he threw Ramses clear across the room,
Sam decided we had trained enough for the day. His bad mood continued during dinner and it affected everyone. I
helped Matilda with the dishes and afterwards I found Finlay in the living room, flipping through the channels on the TV. I
sat down next to him on the couch and took the remote from him.
“Hey! I was using that,” he ed.
“Hey yourself. How many times have you flipped through the ten channels we have on this thing?” I asked.
“I don’t know,” he said. I flipped through the channels, but at a much slower rate until I found some type of game show.
It looked good enough, so I stopped and placed the remote on the table.
‘What has got you in this bad mood? Okay, I know what has got you in the mood to begin with, but why can’t you shake
it?’ I asked him in a mindlink.
‘It’s stupid, I should just let it go. But then I think of the way Ryan looked at you and it pisses me off, or the way my
mother just assumed I couldn’t handle the role as Alpha, or the way they look down on our pack and I just get angry.
And I hate that I question my own judgment after I have talked to them. He seems so fucking confident. Did we go wrong when we went for a mixed team?’ Finlay answered. It was a long list of things. But I started with the last one.
‘Sure, they are strong. But let’s face it; they make an ox look slender and I bet they weigh more than an ocean liner. I for
one am looking forward to the point when we are made to crawl through some tight space and the first of them will get
stuck like chuck. I hope it will be an individual game so we get to watch,’ I told him. Finlay looked at me and started
laughing.
Just a heads up: novel5s.com is the only place to read the complete version of this book for free. Don’t miss out on the
next chapter—visit us now and continue your journey!
‘It paints a nice picture,’ he agreed.
‘Sure does. There are a lot of situations when their build and weight will act against them. And they will be forced to use
their brains as well. They don’t seem too well endowed in that department. Sorry, he is your brother,’ I then corrected
myself. Finlay was still chuckling and shook his head.
‘Don’t apologise, you are right,’ he told me. ‘Thank you. I needed a laugh.’
‘I’m always here. Just talk to me. Don’t be a brooding Alpha.’ I elbowed him in his side, which made him laugh again.
Sam popped his head into the living room.
“What are you watching?” he asked.
“Some game show, they are trying to crawl up a mountain of slime at the moment,” I answered.
“Cool.” His head vanished again and five minutes later he was back with a giant bowl of popcorn and sat down on
Finlay’s other side. Soon we were joined by Matilda who picked up her knitting. One by one, the others dropped in and
found a seat. Some brought snacks, some brought beer and pop. For each pack member who joined us, I felt Finlay relax
a little more. It was nice. We all relaxed and watched humans make fools of themselves. I looked at Matilda, she looked to
be enjoying herself as well.
‘Is that a new project?’ I asked in a mindlink, not wanting to disturb the others’ ongoing comments about the show.
‘It is,’ she agreed.
Just a heads up: novel5s.com is the only place to read the complete version of this book for free. Don’t miss out on the
next chapter—visit us now and continue your journey!
‘What is it?’
‘You know the rules,’ she reminded me, and I smiled. She never told me what she was making, I had to guess. I looked at
the project. It was a couple of inches long at this time and around twenty to twenty-five inches wide I would guess.
Matilda was knitting in a pale green yarn that looked soft, but the outer edge was in a cream colour.
‘A baby blanket?’ I asked.
‘You are getting good at this,’ she said with a nod.
‘For who?’
‘That I won’t say,’ she told me with one of her sly smiles. I frowned. Then I realised it was probably for Alpha Ryan. She
may not like what he was doing, but he was still her nephew. As he had mated, it was likely he and his Luna would
produce the first in the next generation of the family. I nodded. It wasn’t easy trying to navigate family dynamics. When it
was time for bed, the mood in the cabin had drastically changed. Everyone was happier and fired up for the next day.
“Hey, Red,” Finlay said as I was heading into my bedroom.
“Yeah?” I asked.
“Thanks for getting everyone in the right headspace. I should have been the one doing that,” he said.
“Finn, you can’t do everything. You are allowed to have bad days as well. That’s why you have a Beta. I’m happy to do it.
Sleep tight, Alpha, we will need you tomorrow.”
“You too, Red. We will show them not to underestimate us,” he said with a smile.
###Battle of Fate 51
The day had finally arrived. I had been waiting for it since I was a pup and first heard the stories about the games. I
dressed in my training clothes and when I almost ran into Finlay and Sam outside our rooms, we all grinned.
“Time to go, boys,” I said, heading for the stairs.
“Hey, who are you calling a boy? I’ll let you know I have a daughter. I’m all grown up,” Sam ed, and both Finlay and
I laughed. We joined the others for breakfast and there was a nervous excitement in the air. We didn’t know what the day would bring, but it was finally here. Matilda was ready for everything. She had made an array of different snacks, ready to
eat meals and beverages. Everyone who wasn’t participating would be watching the games. They would all make sure her
food got there and could be handed into the appointed space as needed. Jake was looking nervous.
“Are you okay?” I asked.
“Not really. Why did we need to start with a strength test? I’m useless on those,” he told me.
“It’s not my strong point either, no pun intended,” I told him and managed to get a smile from him. “But we are a pack
and we work together. You and I will do our best and we will rely on the other three to do most of the work. Then you
and I will take the lead when we need to use our brains,” I added.
“Yes, Beta,” he said and looked a little more relaxed.
“I feel like there was an insult embedded in that, but I can’t figure it out enough to be upset about it,” Sam told Ramses.
Finlay laughed. Despite the nerves, we were all in a good mood. After breakfast, we all headed towards the gathering
point.
“Participants, please go into the stadium, spectators please go to the right and you will be guided to where you can watch the game,” an official was telling us. Our party split up and the five of us headed into the stadium. We went to our
designated seats again. There were considerably less wolves there today as only five from each pack had been allowed in. We sat down and waited for what would happen. Nine o’clock sharp, there was a sound coming from the speakers and
then the voice of the head of the council.
“Good morning. Today marks the first game. It will be performed in seclusion. This means we have prepared four
identical areas. Each pack will do the game without any other packs present or able to see what is happening. You will not
be told what the game is until you arrive at it. You will have ten minutes to plan and twenty minutes to complete it. There will be equipment provided. You may choose to use all, some or none of it. All packs will have the same equipment
provided to them. The order in which the pack will perform the game has been drawn at random. Please stay in the
stadium until an official calls your name and follow the instructions given. Once you have completed the game, you are
free to join the spectators. Thank you for participating.”
‘Looks like we are in for a wait,’ I mindlinked the others.
‘Try and get as comfortable as possible and move around from time to time,’ Sam told us. We all nodded and did our
best to keep our nerves in check as we watched other packs being called. I saw Elder waving at me from the seats closer
to the stage and I waved back. He gave me a thumbs up and I smiled. Finlay pointed out some of the packs to me, letting
me get a look at what he thought would be the top contender for the high rankings. As he did, he placed his hand on my
arm. It was a simple gesture we both had started doing after my birthday. Just seeking out each other. In the middle of
him telling me about the Narrow River pack, I felt the sensation of being watched. I looked around. James was staring at
us, zoned in on Finlay’s hand on my arm. Finlay had noticed I wasn’t listening and followed my eyes to what I was
looking at.
‘Ignore him’ I mindlinked Finlay.
‘I don’t think this is just a way to get through the games for him,’ Finlay said, not looking away from James.
‘Don’t care, don’t have time to think about it. It is for me, and the ball is in my court. Now stop obsessing,’ I told him and
flicked his forehead with my finger. He looked at me and rubbed the spot. Sam looked highly amused, and I suspected he
had guessed what was happening. Jake and Ramses were deep into their own conversation.
“Blue Mountain pack, please follow me,” an official said. We all looked at each other as we stood. This was it. The official
guided us out of the stadium to a waiting mini-bus. They drove us into the woods and we could see a clearing up ahead. We were asked to step out and walk to the clearing. In the middle of the clearing there was a large rock structure. About
thirty feet from it there was a railing and on the other side of the railing there were benches for the spectators.
“Welcome to the first game, Blue Mountain pack. In the rock before you there are hand och foot holds carved. Your
ive is to get all five members to the top of the rock formation, using only the designated holds. It’s not allowed to
carve out new ones, use your claws to find a better grip or damage the rock formation in any way. You have been
provided with tools on the table to your right. It is up to you if you use them or not. You will get ten minutes to plan and
prepare and then you have twenty minutes to reach the top. If not all members reach the top, points will be deducted. If
none of the team reaches the top within the set time, no points will be given. We will look for physical and mental
strength and teamwork and will be awarding points based on how well you perform. Have you understood?” a speaker’s
voice explained.
“We have,” Finlay answered.
“Your time has started.” We all walked up to the table. Gloves, rope and talc powder.
‘Sam, give us your plan,’ Finlay asked.
‘I say we use the rope and talc powder. No gloves. I also say we go without shoes. From what I can see the holds look
shallow, we will get a better feel without them. I say you go first Alpha, Amie second, Jake you have the middle and then
Ramses, I will go last. We connect ourselves with the rope. That way we have the two strongest at each end,’ Sam
instructed us.
‘And me in the middle,’ Jake said. He didn’t look too pleased about the thought of climbing the rocks. I was with him. I wasn’t afraid of heights, but I was highly uncomfortable with them.
Just a heads up: novel5s.com is the only place to read the complete version of this book for free. Don’t miss out on the
next chapter—visit us now and continue your journey!
‘Yes. If someone falls, we have a better chance of holding them up with two strong endpoints. We can also see and adapt
the pace so everyone can keep up. We do this nice and slow. Twenty minutes is a good amount of time. I rather we use
eighteen minutes and all of us get up there, than spend twelve and lose one member on the way,’ Sam explained. We all
nodded as we removed our shoes and put on the bags of talc powder. Sam tied the rope to us and made sure he was
satisfied with the order and distance before he nodded.
“We are ready for the next phase,” Finlay said.
“You now have twenty minutes to reach the top,” the commentator said. We jogged up to the rock formation and Finlay
started to move up the first holds. He looked around to see if I was with him. I had no issues with the first holds. They were comfortable and even if the rock face was steep, they provided enough grip to let us climb them. One by one we
climbed up. The path the holds took wasn’t straight up, but instead it sneaked around the formation. It meant we could
only see a few feet of the holds in front of us and the ones above us. We moved at a slow but steady pace. I made sure to
keep an eye on both Finlay and Jake. The higher we climbed, the narrower the holds became. I was happy we had chosen
to go barefoot as I needed my toes to get the hold my feet needed.
‘It looks like we are approaching an out croup which will force us to use arm strength alone,’ Finlay told us. I leaned out
as much as I dared to get a look around him. A piece of the rock formed a ledge and the holds were carved on the
underside of it.
‘Get as close to it as you can and then stop. We will take two minutes to shake loose our arms,’ Sam said. We stopped
and did our best to restore a decent blood flow and shake the muscles back to life.
‘Here we go, try and keep moving forward once you start. Use your body’s momentum to move forward,’ Finlay told us
as he started moving under the ledge. I followed and could feel the hard stone dig into my fingers as my body weight
was put on them. I moved steadily forward, Finlay was almost at the end of the ledge. I was focused on him. If he made it,
I was almost there as well and I could give my fingers and arms a well-deserved break.
“Fuck!” I heard Jake’s call a heartbeat before I felt the rope around my waist pull tight. It knocked the wind out of me, but
I didn’t let go of the holds. My fingers weren’t just holding up my weight, they were now holding parts of Jake’s as well.
###Battle of Fate 52
‘Red, how are you holding up?’ Finlay mindlinked as he looked back at me.
‘Fine. I think I can hold on. But I don’t think I can pull him up,’ I said.
‘Ramses, Amie, stay put and hold on. Alpha, let’s make our way as close as we can. If they act as anchors, we can pull him
up,’ Sam said. I focused on breathing and not thinking about the pain in my fingers. Finlay came back and was next to me.
‘Ready?’ Finlay asked.
‘Ready,’ Sam agreed. Finlay used one arm to reach across to where the rope was holding up Jake, swinging below us.
When Finlay and Sam pulled on the rope, I felt relief as the weight was no longer on me. It was hard for them to pull him
up using only one arm each, but it didn’t take long before Jack reached up and took a grip on the holds.
‘Got it?’ Finlay asked.
‘Yes, Alpha. Thank you, and sorry about the trouble,’ Jake replied.
‘Don’t think about it. Let’s finish this,’ Finlay said and started moving across again. My arms ed as I started moving.
It was hard going from a standstill to swing forward. When we all had come past the outcrop, we took a moment to
breathe again.
‘It won’t get easier, let’s get it over with,’ Finlay told us and we moved again. The climb became steeper, the holds
smaller. As the top came into view, we could see how small it was. It would be a stretch for us all to fit. The holds were
barely enough for me to be able to put my weight on. All parts of my body ed as we pushed forward. ‘I’m up,’
Finlay declared, and I felt him pull on the rope to help me with the last part. When I got up on the small flat surface, we
took a hold of the rope connecting me to Jake and helped him up as well. We manoeuvred so Finlay could help Jake to
pull Ramses up and finally Sam joined us. We had to hook arms around each other for all to stay in place and not fall off
the edge.
“Blue Mountain pack, you have finished the game with four minutes to spare. One moment and we will get you down.
Congratulations on finishing the first game.” There were howls coming from our pack members who had been watching
us. Hidden in a crevice there was a long rope attached to an anchor. We used it to scale down the rock face.
‘Well done, everyone. Let’s join the others and watch the rest of the game and then we go back to the cabin and talk it
through,’ Finlay mindlinked us. We all walked over to where the rest of our team sat on the benches.
“You were brilliant. Well done!” Matilda said as she handed out bottles of water and sandwiches to us.
“Thank you,” I said as I was grateful to sit down. My arms were burning and my fingers and toes were chaffed. They would heal before the end of the day, but for now, they were painful.
‘Are you okay?’ Finlay asked in a mindlink.
‘I’m fine. A little bruised, but nothing that won’t get better before the day is over. Especially when I get Matilda’s food.
How about you? It was very impressive to see you and Sam pull Jake up like that,’ I told him. He gave me a smirk.
‘How impressive? Impressive enough to earn me a reward?’ he asked. I smiled and shook my head.
‘We will see,’ I said.
‘Eat,’ he told me and nudged me with his elbow.
‘You eat,’ I said, giving him a nudge back. We both smiled as we started in on our sandwiches. We watched as another
pack started up the rocks. They had also chosen to tie themselves together with the rope. About halfway up the rock, the
last one in their group lost his grip and fell. The second to last got the entire weight on him. There seemed to be
confusion in the group about what to do and, in a panic, the second to last member used his claw to sever the rope. The
member who was dangling from the rope gave a shout as he started free falling. I gasped. He hit the ground with an
audible thud. Everyone watched the body on the ground. There was a moan, and he rolled over on his back. We all drew
a sigh of relief. At least he was alive. The group, still on the rock, continued climbing and eventually reached the top.
‘What the fuck was that?’ Sam asked in a mind link.
‘Pathetic,’ Finlay said.
‘It’s not the first one. We have seen three packs who have lost team members on the way up,’ Hugo, one of our support
staff, said.
‘Three?’ I asked in disbelief.
‘Some didn’t even use the rope,’ Matilda scoffed. It was clear what she thought of those packs.
‘But teamwork was one part they were scoring,’ Jake pointed out.
‘Some packs have too much confidence in their own capabilities. I bet my tail on that they all expected their pack
members to make it to the top without issue,’ Finlay remarked.
‘Yeah, that’s true. They probably have a team with strong pack members,’ Jake said.
‘Strength isn’t always a positive thing for this kind of tasks. I think we will see that now,’ I told him as I saw their old pack,
led by Finlay’s brother, come to do their first run at the game. Finlay tensed up next to me.
‘They are strong at least,’ Jake said. I could hear in his voice he was blaming himself for his grip slipping.
‘They are,’ Sam agreed. ‘But they also have the body weight of three of you. There will be a lot of weight put on their
digits.’ We all watched as they stood in a group, mindlinking their strategy on the side of the rock formation. They didn’t
even look at the tools provided for them.
“We are ready,” Finlay’s brother called out after five minutes. The announcer started the clock for the game and all five of
the participants flew towards the rock formation. They made decent progress for the first third of the climb. I knew it was
after that point the holds would get smaller. I could see the speed of their progress decrease. It almost came to a stop as
they struggled. By the time they came to the outcrop, they looked visibly exhausted. As they started to make their way
under the ledge, they struggled. One of the men slipped with one hand and everyone gasped as he managed to keep his
grip with the hand he still had a hold with.
“Don’t fucking slip,” Finlay’s brother growled for everyone to hear.
Just a heads up: novel5s.com is the only place to read the complete version of this book for free. Don’t miss out on the
next chapter—visit us now and continue your journey!
“Yes, Alpha,” the team member said in a strained voice. I could see his efforts to raise himself high enough to be able to
get a new grip with the free hanging arm. Finlay’s brother had made his way to the other end of the ledge, and the other
tree had gone back so they wouldn’t have to wait while putting all their weight on their fingers.
‘Why aren’t they helping him?’ I asked Finlay.
‘Because that would be to show weakness,’ he told me. I disagreed with his brother. It was not to show weakness to help
a pack mate in need. It was to show weakness when you were too afraid to help those who needed it.
“Use your claws,” Finlay’s brother growled. Again, for all to hear. It was a clear sign of how tired and unfocused he was.
“But Alpha,” the man ed.
“Just fucking do it,” Finlay’s brother demanded. I could hear the claws digging into the rock and it let the dangling man
lift himself up and continue. His team mates followed after. They resumed the climb, but the mood was off. I could feel
the irritation in the air from where we sat. Their struggle to get all five members to stand on the top was interesting to watch and reminded me of a wrestling match. I tried my best not to giggle, but I heard several audience members failing
at the task. When all five pack members finally stood on the top the commentator was heard.
“Ocean shore pack, you have completed the game with two minutes to spare. You did use claws, which is a clear offence
of the rules. Your final score will be marked down by fifty per cent.”
‘Oh dear me,’ Matilda said. Finlay just shook his head. We watched the final packs as well. When the final pack of our
designated area had finished we packed up and headed back towards our cabin.
“Amie!” The pack closed ranks around me, as my name was called. I looked around me at my pack mates with a mix of
surprise and gratitude.
‘It’s okay, it’s my brother,’ I mindlinked them. They reluctantly parted to give me space to walk up to Elder.
“They are protective. I’m guessing you have told them about what’s happening?” he asked as he looked back at the
group from my pack. They stood a couple of feet away, none of them even pretended they didn’t listen to what we were
saying. I smiled.
“We did, and they are. How did it go for you today?” I asked.
“Good, I think. We all made it to the top within the set time. It’s a little nerve-racking we don’t get the points until the
final day,” he said. “How did you do?”
“Same here,” I told him.
“Good. I was wondering, tomorrow is set aside to let the packs talk to each other and arrange for diplomatic meetings. Would you be free in the evening to go for a run with me and my mate?” he asked.
“Just you and your mate?” I asked, I needed to be sure.
“Yes. Just family,” he reassured me.
“I would love to.” He smiled.
“Mom and dad can’t stop talking about your call. By the way dad boasts about his daughter being the Beta of her pack,
you would think I was a regular pack wolf,” he told me and laughed.
“I have always been their favourite,” I teased him.
“No way. Mom always gave me the bigger portions,” he ed.
“Because you were growing like an ogre,” I reminded him. We both laughed.
“See you tomorrow, Amie.”
“Looking forward to it.” I said. We gave each other a hug, and I returned to the pack. “See. I’m fine. Thank you for
looking out for me,” I told them. We went back to our cabin and Matilda and two others started with dinner while Finlay,
Sam, Jake, Ramses and I sat down to talk things through.
“We did good today,” Sam said.
“I messed up,” Jake ed.
“No, there was a mistake. It happens,” I insisted.
“She is right,” Ramses agreed. “If anything, it gave us an opportunity to show off our teamwork.” We all nodded.
“We all got to the top, followed the rules, and no one got injured. It was a good day,” Finlay said. There was a knock on
the front door.
“Looks like it won’t end yet,” Sam said as he got up to open the door. He returned and handed an envelope to Finlay.
“From the council apparently,” he said. Finlay opened it, read it, looked like he was going to kill someone and then took a
deep breath which he slowly released.
“Amie, Sam, with me,” he said and headed up the stairs. Sam and I looked at each other as we followed him.
###Battle of Fate 53
‘What’s happening?’ Amie asked in a joint mindlink with Sam as we walked into my bedroom. I didn’t want to have this
conversation around the others, even if we could use mindlink. I was feeling my temper slipping. I needed a couple of more minutes to collect myself, so I just handed her the letter. The letter from the council telling me my brother had filed
for a forced reconciliation of our packs. The council had set up a first meeting to discuss it tomorrow.
‘What the fuck!’ Sam sent to us as he read it.
‘They can’t take it seriously?’ Amie asked. She had put her hand on my arm and I took another minute to let the touch
calm me.
‘He has tried before, and failed. But I have a feeling he is going to use the attack against us,’ I told her.
‘We will fight it,’ she said, sounding so determined I almost smiled.
‘Of course we will,’ Sam agreed.
‘We will. But we will keep this between us. I don’t want the others to lose focus on the games,’ I told them. They both
nodded.
‘We have the right to bring two people to the hearing. You should take Amie, as she is the Beta. I will keep things in order
here,’ Sam suggested. I nodded. It was good of him not to point out that Amie had a better chance at stopping me from
losing control of my temper.
‘It would be good if you could head over to the Cayote Hill pack. They are our oldest and closest allies. We want to keep
close ties with them,’ I told him.
‘I would like that, Medow’s dad has joined them as support staff,’ he said. ‘Speaking of Medow. Are we done here? I
promised to call her before dinner,’ he added. Amie smiled.
‘Go. Tell her I will call her later,’ she told him. He nodded and walked out of my room. “Get up on the bed,” Amie said. I
looked at her.
“What?”
“Sit on the bed and lean against the headboard,” she instructed me. I had no idea what was going on, but I was going to
find out. I did as she told me, and to my surprise, Amie got into the bed and got comfortable in my lap, she wrapped her
arms around my chest and leaned her head against my shoulder.
“What is this?” I asked as my one arm moved to lay across her legs with my hand resting on her hip and the other hand
played with the end of the braid she had put her hair up in.
“Social touching. It’s your reward. Your neck muscles are about to snap with how tense you are. You need to relax. Dinner
is in half an hour, I checked with Matilda. You have twenty-five minutes to either take a nap or just sit there and relax. I
will make sure you get to dinner on time,” she explained. I took a deep breath and held it for a moment, letting Amie’s
scent roll around inside me, before slowly releasing it. She was right, I did need this. I leaned my head back and took a moment to enjoy her body heat and the soft puffs of air she sent over my neck.
“I envy your relationship with your brother.” It was the first thing that popped into my head and I had spoken the words
before I knew it. “You have been apart for ten years and you pick up as if you saw each other last week. The teasing, the
caring. I wish I had a similar relationship with my brother.” She hummed softly.
“I guess we have always been close. It’s only about a two year age difference, so we have always hung out. I’m sure he at
some point thought of me as irritating, but he has always been my protector. Maybe it was because of how close my
parents were. It was just natural to be close as a family. Elder and I used to try and team up against mom and dad. We
seldom won, but at least we lost together.”
“We were never like that. My father was a good father. I know what kind of reputation he had. But he was always loving
towards his family. Most of his time was spent on the pack or on Ryan. He felt he needed to train Ryan to become the
best alpha possible. It meant his time for me was limited. My mom… well, she is a different story. I know my parents
loved each other, but she always seemed to adapt to him. If he spent most of his attention on Ryan, so did she,” I told
her.
“Were you left to yourself?”
“No. I had Aunt Matilda. She lost her mate in a pack war when I was little, maybe three or four years old. She never took a
new mate and never had pups on her own. So she would help my mother with me and Ryan. Well, mostly with me. It
created the feeling of there being a separation in my family. It was my father, mom and Ryan and then there was me.”
“I’m sorry,” she told me.
“It’s okay. It’s not your fault and it’s an old wound. But I see you and your brother and I wish I could have the same
relationship with mine. It makes me feel the loss of Martin,” I confessed.
Just a heads up: novel5s.com is the only place to read the complete version of this book for free. Don’t miss out on the
next chapter—visit us now and continue your journey!
“I get that. Martin always reminded me of Elder and he helped me fill the void I had from being away from him.” We went back to sit in silence for a while. My thoughts swirled around in my head. I thought about my life before I split from
my original pack. I could remember the frustration of feeling I had potential of helping the pack, but didn’t get an outlet
for it. How much better life had become after I left, even if it sometimes were a hard life and the leadership could be a
heavy burden.
“If the council forces the two packs into one again, I can’t go back. I will become a lone wolf,” I told her. When the
thought had come to me, it felt like it was the only way.
“I know,” Amie told me.
“Maybe you can put in a good word for me with your old pack.” She started laughing.
“You and James would try to kill each other within the first week,” she giggled. The sound made me relax even more and
I chuckled.
“You are probably right,” I agreed.
“We could always buy some land and settle on. But I have a feeling after seeing you in action during the games, packs would want to recruit you if they heard you were packless.”
“We?” I asked. She looked up at me.
“Have you changed your mind?” she asked.
“No. No! But if the pack is dissolved, I can’t offer you anything,” I said. She huffed and poked me in the chest.
Just a heads up: novel5s.com is the only place to read the complete version of this book for free. Don’t miss out on the
next chapter—visit us now and continue your journey!
“Do you think I’m that shallow? I’m not going to join your brother’s pack while you go off and sulk in the woods on your
own. I have lived in Beula before and I can do it again.” She settled down again. The feelings surging through me made
me smile.
“I love you,” I told her and placed a kiss on her hair.
“I love you too. Stop being stupid.”
“I will do my best.” A small part of me feared she would still reconsider and go with her faited mate. I now understood
her fear of me meeting my mate at the games. Why she had been so reluctant to commit to me. It was terrifying to know
she had that connection to another wolf. I was greedy, I wanted her to myself. I would gladly fight Alpha James for her. I was confident I could win. I also knew Amie well enough to know she would hate it. If he got insistent, I would do it and
figure out a way to make her forgive me after.
“Times up,” she said and got ready to move out of my lap. My arms stopped her.
“Or we could just be late,” I said. She kissed my cheek.
“Not going to happen.”
“But I need more social cuddling,” I ed.
“You have had enough social cuddling, now you need some pack socialisation. You know you always feel better after
being around the pack,” she insisted. I hated that she was right. It made it hard to argue with her.
“Fine,” I agreed and let her get up.
“We will get through this as well. We always figure things out,” she told me before she opened the door. She was right. We would figure it out. The alternative was not an alternative. We would do well in the games, we would go back to our
pack and Amie would come with us and let me claim her. It was the only outcome I would accept.
###Battle of Fate 54
After dinner, when I knew Finlay was feeling better and didn’t look like he would kill the first person who asked him a
question, I headed up to my room and called Medow.
“Amie! Would it have killed you to call sooner? I have been forced to rely on information from Sam. The moon goddess
knows I love him to pieces, but he focuses on all the wrong things. He covered you meeting your brother, finding out you
still have a mate bond and that Finlay’s brother is trying to take over the pack in five minutes and then spent twenty
minutes detailing why you have a strategic advantage on all of them. Now tell me the important parts,” she told me. I
laughed and started to tell her everything. I missed talking to her. Things felt better after I had talked them out with her.
“Wow, Finlay must be going crazy. I’m impressed he hasn’t killed Alpha James,” she told me.
“It’s not like that. Finlay knows the only reason I let the bond stay intact is so I can participate in the games,” I said.
“I heard you. He knows it on a logical level, but emotionally…… Especially if this James keeps giving you looks like the
one Sam saw today,” she insisted.
“Yeah, that was strange. I don’t get it,” I admitted.
“Amie, you aren’t stupid, stop acting like you are. The Alpha got slapped in the face when he saw you after all this time
and you are this amazing wolf. Strong, confident and drop dead gorgeous. Here he was thinking he did the right thing by
rejecting you. Now he sees what a huge, huge mistake it was and he knows that because he was a jerk back then, he won’t have a chance now. Not only that, but you also have this other amazing Alpha hanging around you who worships
you and who has treated you like you deserve. No wonder he is looking at you like a lost pup,” Medow told me. I
giggled.
“You make it sound like a romance novel,” I said.
“It kind of is. Please just don’t go the reverse harem route.” We both laughed at the idea.
“I will be happy with one Alpha,” I promised.
“And you have to choose the right one,” she pointed out.
“It isn’t a choice. There is only one.”
“That’s right. You are talking about Finlay, right?” she asked.
“Of course I’m talking about him.”
“Good, great. Then I’ll be with you all the way.” We talked a while longer about the game and about what was happening
at home. “How worried should I be about this thing Finlay’s brother has cooked up? Sam said I shouldn’t worry at all. But
he’s my mate so he has to tell me that.”
“I don’t know. I don’t see what grounds a forced unification would have. It’s not like Finlay forced anyone to leave the
old pack. They all left voluntarily. But then I don’t know what his brother will say. We will know more after tomorrow. So
don’t worry too much about it. I’ll agree with Sam on this one,” I told her.
“Good. At least that is something.” After another half an hour, we ended the call. I was sitting on my bed and looking at
my phone. Before I could talk myself out of it, I called my mom.
“Armeria, I’m so happy you called. How are you?” my mother answered and I smiled.
“Hi. I’m good, mom. How are you and dad?”
Just a heads up: novel5s.com is the only place to read the complete version of this book for free. Don’t miss out on the
next chapter—visit us now and continue your journey!
“We’re fine. We are having fun with Mino. I have forgotten what it is to have a pup in the house,” she told me and I could
hear how much she liked it.
“Am I interrupting something?” I asked.
“Not at all. Your father is telling the old tales in a best effort to get the little monster to go to sleep. Has something
happened?” she asked.
“No. I don’t know. There are a lot of things happening right now.” My mother hummed.
“Elder told me your pack did well in the first game.”
“We did.”
“Is this about the man you fancy?” she then asked.
“Yes. And about James as well, I think.”
Just a heads up: novel5s.com is the only place to read the complete version of this book for free. Don’t miss out on the
next chapter—visit us now and continue your journey!
“It can’t be easy having the mate bond and at the same time having feelings for someone else,” she said.
“It’s easier than I thought it would be. That is what I have a problem with. Do you think there is something wrong with
me? I feel like I should be torn between my mate and… the other man. But I’m not. I don’t want James, not at all. I feel
the bond when we are around each other, but it’s more irritating than anything,” I explained.
“How about your wolf? They are more instinct driven creatures,” my mom asked.
“She’s the same. She has agreed with me from the start about the other man. She trusts him as much as I do and her
instinct is to choose him. It was strange, the first day when we found out everything. I shook James’ hand to seal our deal
and I could feel the tingling sensation everyone talks about when touching your true mate. But neither I or my wolf were
comforted by it. It was like having ants crawling over my skin, deeply disturbing,” I told her.
“There is nothing wrong with you, Armeria. James hurt you ten years ago. Not only was he your mate and therefore
someone you should be able to trust, but he was also your friend. So, in a way, his betrayal was double. I’m not surprised
your wolf doesn’t trust him and if she doesn’t trust him, she won’t acknowledge the bond. Why would she want to be
bonded to someone she doesn’t trust?” There was a pause, as if she was thinking. “I’m not saying you should trust him,
or that you should forgive him. That is up to you. But the bond is there. I would be lying if I said I didn’t like the idea of
having my daughter as my Luna. It is the way it should have been. Despite that, it is more important to me that you are
happy. If this other man is who will make you happy, then that is who you should be with. No god or mortal can change
that,” she said.
“Thanks mom. He makes me happy and he has always believed in me. It means a lot to me. He makes me feel safe and
seen.”
“I can hear how much you love him when you talk about him. Your heart has never let you down, Armeria. Even when it
led you away from us. It was the right choice for you. If you let it guide you, you will not go astray. I will always support
you in those decisions.”
“I love you, mom. I needed to talk to someone about all of this,” I told her.
“I’ll always be here if you need to talk.” We continued to talk about other less serious subjects. My mom had a bunch of
gossip about my old pack she told me. A lot had happened in the last ten years. I told her about my new life and my new
friends.
Almost three hours after I had gone up to my room, I came back downstairs. I had talked more than I usually did in a week, and I needed some tea and a snack. After getting my tea and a plate with Matilda’s cookies, I walked into the
living room. Most of the group were sitting there, watching TV. But there was an empty spot on the couch be
###Battle of Fate 55
We were back in the council building. Amie stood beside me and we both waited. For what, we didn’t know. On the other
end of the waiting area, stood my brother and his Beta. Every now and then, my brother locked eyes with me.
‘Don’t let him get to you,’ Amie mindlinked me. I looked away from my brother.
‘He is up to something,’ I told her.
‘Of course he is. He wouldn’t have brought this to the council unless he thought he had something to tip the council in
his favour. There is no use trying to figure it out while staring at him. We will know soon enough,’ she told me. She was
right. But I still shot my brother a sideway glare. Just so he would know, I knew. ‘Honestly. It’s like you are five,’ she
added when she saw it. But there was amusement in her mindlink. The door to the council room opened and we were
asked to enter. This was not the room with the long conference table. Instead, the council was sitting on a raised platform
which was slightly curved, all in one row facing us. Amie and I were shown to a pulpit to the right, my brother and his
Beta were shown to a pulpit to the left. Behind each of us, two of the council warriors stood.
“Thank you for heading our summons. Alpha Ryan from the Ocean Shore pack has made a request for the council to
force the Blue Mountain pack to merge with them as it has its origins in their pack. We will hear from Alpha Ryan why
this request has been made. Then we will let Alpha Finlay respond to the request. The council will have the right to ask
questions of both Alphas and their Betas until we feel we have the information needed to make a decision. Do any of you
have questions regarding the procedure?” the head of the council asked. All of us remained silent. “Good, good. Then,
please, Alpha Ryan. Tell us why you have filed the request.”
“Thank you. I want to start by thanking the council for taking my concerns seriously. About eight years ago, my father,
Alpha Johannes, was killed defending the pack from a rouge attack. The alpha position went to me as his oldest son. My
father trained me my whole life to be ready for this responsibility. My younger brother, Finlay, did not like the change.” I
felt Amie tense up beside me and saw how she glared at my brother. He had not used my title and it rubbed her the wrong way. Her reaction calmed my own. My brother could call me whatever he wanted. A true Alpha didn’t need to rely
on what people called him. It was in his actions.
“Alpha Ryan, you should use your brother’s title. Respect is important, it is a founding stone in our society,” one of the
council members corrected him. I looked at the older woman in surprise, as did my brother.
“Of course, I apologise. Old habits, he is my little brother still. Alpha Finlay ed to the change when my father
passed away. It was hard for the pack and it was hard for our family losing my father so unexpectedly. I think my brother’s
grief got the better of him. It’s the only explanation I can give for his erratic behavior. Alpha Finlay knew he could never
beat me in a duel so instead he persuaded parts of the pack to break off and leave. I have asked him, several times, to
stop being stubborn and return home. I have tried to tell him he is putting his pack members, wolves I still consider being
under my protection, in danger by living as an unranked pack. Alpha Finlay has refused to listen, and this past fall what I
had warned him about happened. Another pack attacked Alpha Finlay’s. It resulted in three of their pack members’
death, amongst them their Beta, Martin. Martin was one of my former pack members and his family still is a part of my
pack. Their grief has moved me deeply. It is time for my brother to stop this tantrum of his and take responsibility. I have
requested the union of the packs as a way to keep the wolves I, and my pack, still care deeply for, safe,” he finished. His
little speech left me worried. He had mixed lies and exaggerations with enough truth to make everything believable. In
this moment, I hated him for what he was trying to do to my pack. And I was worried that I didn’t know why he was
doing this. It seemed to be too insistent to be simply because his ego couldn’t handle that we left his pack. There was more behind it. I just hadn’t figured out what.
“Thank you, Alpha Ryan. Alpha Finlay, you may speak to what your brother just told us,” the head of the council said. I
nodded slowly, taking a moment to gather my thoughts.
“Thank you. As my brother says, this is not the first time we have broached this subject. I even remember he tried to make a similar request of the council a couple of years back, but it didn’t even go to a hearing. There is truth in Alpha
Ryan’s words but there are also falsehoods and exaggerations. If we go back to before our packs split, after our father
died, Alpha Ryan took over the Ocean River pack and as expected, things changed. The changes worried me as I saw the weaker members being pushed aside. I was not alone in my worries and I talked to my brother about it several times. He
was not willing to listen and it came to the point where I considered challenging him to protect those members of the
pack. I wasn’t afraid of challenging him, I wasn’t sure of a victory, but I believed I had a good chance. My mother pleaded
with me not to challenge him. She had just lost her mate, I didn’t have the heart to make her lose a son as well. That was
why I applied to the council to form my own pack. I did it all by the book and when it was approved, I did not force
anyone to come with me. I left my brother’s pack and all who came with me did so of their own free will.” I had to pause
to take a breath.
‘You are doing great,’ Amie mindlinked me.
“I won’t say it was easy. The journey my pack has taken has been hard at times. But it has also brought us closer together
and made us a strong pack. In the end we found land which suited us, we have built a new life there. A good life. We
have been successful and have been able to expand our land four times. We have accepted new members, both as pack
members have found mates, but also by taking in lone wolves and other wolves who sought a new life. We were attacked
this last fall, we did lose three of our members in the attack, including our Beta. Martin was like my brother. I mourn him,
as does the pack. But he died honourable defending his pack, a pack he loved and dedicated his life to. To bring this
request in front of the council at this point feels meaningless. My pack has survived for eight years as unranked. We are
now participating in the game and when we leave in a month, we will no longer be unranked. Instead, my belief is we will
be one of the higher ranking packs. All of this makes my brother’s ion to my pack mute,” I said. I saw some of the
council nodding.
“Alpha Finlay makes a good point. Alpha Ryan, do you have a reply to it?”
“I don’t agree with my brother’s faith in him leaving with a high rank. Just look at the team he has brought. One of the
males is as skinny as a twig and he has chosen a female as his Beta. That should tell you how weak his pack is,” my
brother said with disdain in his voice. I took all of my self constraint not to growl as he insulted Amie.
“This council has seen more than one great female leader. Alpha Finlay, any comments?” the head of the council asked.
“Many. Beta Armeria has my full support and she is beloved by the pack. I will leave it to her to tell you why she is
qualified to be my Beta,” I said and looked at Amie.
“Thank you, Alpha,” Amie said with a slight bow to me. I had never seen her so formal before. But it suited the situation. I
had no doubt she would do amazing.
###Battle of Fate 56
Finlay had passed the word to me and I would do my best to shove the smirk on Alpha Ryan’s face down his throat. He
had insulted Finlay, he had said our pack was weak and he had questioned my place as Beta. All with a smirk like this was
a done victory for him. He would choke on his own smirk when I was done with him. I couldn’t physically hurt him like my wolf wanted me to, but I could use my words.
“Council, my full name is Armeria Rose Winstone Sage. I am the daughter of Ron Winstone, former Beta of the Eagle
Forest pack. My brother is their current Beta. My father raised me and my brother both to take part in his, as well as the
Alpha’s and the Gamma’s duties. I was a lone wolf from my eighteenth birthday until I joined my pack four years later. I
survived on my own. Alpha Finlay found me and offered me a place in his pack. I was serving as an advisor to the top tier
due to my training and worked closely with Beta Martin. When he was killed, I took the role of Beta. I am more than
qualified for the position and I am humbled I was asked and that I get to serve my pack in this way. May I add some
points in response to the request from Alpha Ryan?” I asked the council.
“Former Beta Ron is your father?” a council member asked. I had skipped that part during our emergency meeting a
couple of times earlier.
“Yes,” I said.
“The council knows him well. He has always been a good and sensible Beta,” the same member said. I inclined my head.
“We have no ion to you adding to the response of your pack,” the head of the council told me.
“Thank you. Alpha Ryan states the attack on our pack as the root of his concern. What he fails to take note of is that we won. We did not just drive away the attack from a middle ranking pack. No, they were annihilated by us. We lost three members, and they are missed each day. But they paid by having their Alpha killed by Alpha Finlay and their pack being
dissolved. There is no longer a pack by that name, there is no pack land who holds its members. The few members who
survived were spared by our pack. That should show you how stable and secure our pack is. They had it in them to show mercy. It is a commonly known fact a pack is a reflection of their Alpha. Alpha Finlay has built our pack to be strong when
needed and compassionate when possible. If Alpha Ryan claimed that losing our Beta is a sign of weakness, I would
question what it says about his pack as his father, the Alpha, was killed in a rogue attack. Should we draw the same
conclusion? Our pack has also grown, as my Alpha told you. Several of our members, including me, have no relationship
with Alpha Ryan’s pack. What will happen to us? Will you just force the original members of the Ocean Shore to reunite?”
I asked. The silence in the room lasted a moment. Finlay’s brother didn’t look as smug and I was happy about it.
‘You are amazing. If we weren’t in the council chamber, I would fucking kiss you,’ Finlay mindlinked me. I felt myself
blush, and I looked down to collect myself.
“Alpha Ryan?” the head of the council asked. It looked like he was trying to hide a smile.
“The situation involving my father and the attack which killed the former Beta Martin can’t be compared. The situations
are completely different,” Finlay’s brother said.
“How are they different?” a member of the council asked.
“They just are. And I have made changes since then, we are stronger than we were. And we would open our pack to all of
the Blue Mountain pack members. Whether they have ties to our pack or not.” I wanted to scoff. Something was making
him desperate to join the packs. I had seen enough of him and his warriors to know I would never accept to be a part of
his pack.
“Anything else you want to add, Alpha Finlay?”
“I think my first statement and my Beta’s statement cover most things. The only thing I want to add is if you decide a
forced union is the way forward, I ask you to also rule that the pack land should be sold and the profits should be split
equally between the current members as their personal property. My pack has all contributed to the funds for buying the
land. They should have the right to the profits,” Finlay said. How could I not love this wolf? Even at this moment, he was
looking after the pack, making sure the profits from the pack land wouldn’t go to his brother. All council members
nodded as if they approved of his thinking.
“We will recess to talk about our decision and we will reconvene after lunch,” the head of the council said. We were
escorted out of the chambers and I felt empty as we stood outside. Finlay looked lost as well.
“Should we wait here or go back and eat at the cabin and come back?” I asked. He sighed and shook his head.
“I think it’s best to stay here, in case they decide to call on us earlier. You can go back to the cabin, eat and relax for a
while,” he suggested. I shook my head and mindlinked Rania, one of our support staff, and asked her to bring some easy
to eat food to the council building. We found a bench in a quiet area and Rania showed up with wraps filled with chicken
salad and big flasks of iced coffee.
“I should have thought about asking someone to bring us food,” Finlay said and took a big bite of his wrap.
“You have a lot on your mind. As your Beta, I will pick up the slack. Eat and drink. I don’t want you to be hangry around
your brother. That will end in a disaster,” I told him.
Just a heads up: novel5s.com is the only place to read the complete version of this book for free. Don’t miss out on the
next chapter—visit us now and continue your journey!
“I’m more worried about your temper. I saw the look you gave him. Should I worry?” he asked me. I shrugged.
“As long as he remembers to respect you, I will keep my claws to myself. But I am your Beta. If he tries to disrespect you
again, I might need to show him we don’t stand for that shit,” I said honestly.
“Yeah. You should eat as well. Let’s go into this with as low risk of maiming as possible,” he told me. I wasn’t going to
. He was right, and more important, Matilda’s chicken salad was amazing. After eating, we sat in silence. We both
had enough thoughts to occupy us. From time to time, Alpha Ryan and his Beta walked by. They seemed to have a hard
time staying in one place. Probably not used to not being in the gym, I thought. I really should be nicer, but it was
preferable that I was snarky in my mind, than me leaving claw marks on them.
“The council is ready to give you its decision,” a council warrior told us. We looked at each other, stood up and followed
them. We took our spot at the pulpit. A moment later, Finlay’s brother and his Beta walked in with two warriors and stood
in their place.
“Thank you for letting us talk this through,” the head of the council started. “Some decisions this council is asked to make are easy. But this one has been difficult. It has several layers and the consequences of it will be widespread. We
have listened to both sides and both Alpha Ryan and Alpha Finlay raise valid points. We acknowledge that the Blue
Mountain pack’s members have chosen to join the pack of their own free will. And because of that, this council hesitates
to step in. But, there is a concern about the pack’s safety. We also agree with Alpha Finlay that if his pack ranks well
during the game, this concern is not valid. The council’s decision is therefore as follows. If the Blue Mountain pack places
among the top fifteen packs in the games, the council will not intervene in any way. If the pack places below the fifteenth
rank, we will order a reunification to take place. In that case, we will order, according to Alpha Finlay’s wish, that the pack
land is to be sold and the profit distributed equally to all members above the age of eighteen. This is the decision of the
council.” I wanted to yell at them. It was unfair. No other pack was being threatened with forced union with stronger
packs if they ranked lower. Why were we being singled out? But once the council made a decision, that was it. If you wanted to appeal, you needed a good, strong reason. We all bowed to the council and left. Outside the chambers,
Finlay’s brother walked up to us.
“Just give it up, Finlay. There is no way you rank above fifteen on your first try. Not with a team like yours,” he said. I
growled and he looked with surprise at me.
“Alpha Finlay,” I corrected him.
“Don’t underestimate us, brother. Just because we look friendly, it doesn’t mean we won’t bite. The last pack that took
our calm nature for weakness is no more. I would remember that if I were you,” Finlay said. He took my hand and we walked away.
‘If you look away for ten minutes, it would be enough,’ I mindlinked Finlay.
Just a heads up: novel5s.com is the only place to read the complete version of this book for free. Don’t miss out on the
next chapter—visit us now and continue your journey!
‘I’m not going to let you lose on my brother for ten minutes, Red. He is still my brother and I think my mother would be
upset if he loses eyes and limbs,’ he told me. I huffed. ‘We need to tell the others,’ he added. I sighed.
‘Yes. And we need to tell the ones at home. I’m sure we will succeed, but if we, by some chance, don’t, they need to be
prepared for what is about to happen,’ I agreed.
‘I hate to tell them something like this when we aren’t there.’ I nodded as I agreed.
‘It will put more pressure on the team. The pack’s future is now on our shoulders,’ I said.
‘Do you think they will crumble?’ he asked.
‘No. I think it will motivate us. All of us want the pack to stay intact. We will do our best for it to remain so.’ I paused for a moment. ‘Do you think your brother is desperate enough to try and do something?’ I asked him.
‘You mean like sabotage our games?’ I nodded. ‘A week ago I would have said no. The risk is too high if you get caught.
But now, I don’t know. We will have to keep our eyes open.’
‘Do you want me to cancel the meeting with my brother later?’ I asked him. He gave me the first smile since we left the
council chamber.
‘No, Red. You go and have some bonding time with your brother and his mate. At
###Battle of Fate 57
I was walking to where I was to meet Elder and his mate. I was feeling doubtful if I should be going or not. As soon as
Finlay and I had got back to the cabin, we had told everyone about the council’s decision and then we had called home
to tell the pack. No one had taken it well. I had been set on staying in the cabin and doing my part in trying to calm the
pack down, but Finlay had told me to go and meet my brother. We were to meet half way between their cabin and ours.
It would give us some time as we walked to the more dense part of the forest to shift.
“Amie?” I had been lost in my own thoughts, but as my name was called I looked up and saw Cindy looking at me.
“Oh. Hi, Cindy,” I said.
“So the rumour was true?” she asked.
“The rumour?” We had never been close friends, but we had got along for the most part.
“That you were here. Does it mean the part about you and the Alpha still being mates is true as well?” she asked.
“It is, at least for now,”I told her.
“For now? Rejected for a second time?” I frowned.
“We both feel it’s for the best.” It was her turn to frown.
“I just don’t get it. If I was mated to an Alpha I would fight tooth and nail to keep that bond,” she said.
“I guess we are just different that way.”
“So you aren’t even going to try and persuade him? I mean you have grown up nicely, a little womanly persuasion and
the mate bond helping you out. I think you could win him over,” she told me, looking me up and down.
“Eh, thank you? But I think I will stick to our agreement,” I said. She was about to say something else, but was
interrupted.
“Cindy. Amie is going to meet Beta Elder and Becky. Don’t hold her up.”
“Yes, Alpha. See you around, Amie.”
“Sure Cindy. It was nice seeing you,” I said as she walked away. For the first time in my life, I desperately wanted her to
stay. There was an awkward silence between me and James.
“I heard about the council decision, I’m sorry. It has to put a lot of pressure on your pack’s team,” he said.
“Thank you. Yes, I think we will see it as motivating.” He nodded.
“If worse comes to worst, you always have a place in the Eagel Forest pack,” he said. I managed to give him a smile.
“Thank you. Let’s hope it won’t come to that. I need to get going. Have a nice evening Alpha,” I said.
“You too, Beta Amie. Please stay safe,” he said as he walked the opposite direction of me. The interaction left me even more confused. I decided to not think about it and focus on the evening ahead of me instead. Elder was waiting for me at
the meeting spot. Next to him stood a woman. Her brown hair and happy eyes made her look cute as a button. She was
studying me as intensively as I did her.
“Amie, I’m happy you could make it. I know you haven’t had the best of days,” Elder said and gave me a hug.
“I wouldn’t miss it,” I told him and hugged him back.
“Amie, this is my mate, Becky,” he said, and his pride was clear.
“Hi,” I said. I reached my hand out to her. She gave me a big smile.
“Hello, I heard so much about you. We are family,” she told me and gave me a warm hug. It took me by surprise, but
then I returned the hug.
“We are,” I agreed. “And please don’t judge me based on anything my brother has told you. He has a massive inferiority
complex as I was always the favourite.”
Just a heads up: novel5s.com is the only place to read the complete version of this book for free. Don’t miss out on the
next chapter—visit us now and continue your journey!
“Hey, I do not,” Elder ed. Becky laughed.
“I think we will get along great,” she told me and hooked her arm in mine as we walked. “Do you have any good stories
about him?” she asked.
“Do I ever! I even have some nice ones mom and dad doesn’t even know about,” I said.
“Amie!” Elder warned me.
“Don’t interrupt her, darling,” Becky told her mate.
“But I don’t want her to tell you things which make me look bad,” he complained. Becky and I looked at each other and
smiled.
“I would never,” I told her.
“I believe you,” she said. I liked Becky, I could see why Elder had got her as a mate. She had the mischief he needed to
not take himself too seriously. We got to a good place for shifting and got ready. I could feel the excitement of my wolf.
She was looking forward to meeting both my brother and his mate’s wolves. I let her through as soon as I was out of my
clothes.
“Amie,” my brother said on an exhale.
“I have never seen a red wolf,” Becky said. My wolf puffed out her chest, enjoying the attention. I walked up to them and
when Elder held out his hand, I allowed him to run it through my fur.
“You are big. I think you are almost as big as my wolf,” he told me. I wagged my tail and woofed at him. I wanted them to
hurry and shift. He laughed and both him and Becky shifted into their wolves. I had seen Elder”s wolf before. He had matured and his sandy wolf was more robust than I remembered. Becky’s wolf was smaller and nut brown. Her wolf
extruded the same happy and playful energy as she did in her human form. Being in wolf form limited our
communication. But the wolves were better than humans at reading body language. As we started trotting through the
forest, it felt right. My wolf enjoyed running with family. When we reached a hilly part of the forest, I felt like having some
fun. I nipped at the hind legs of Elder’s wolf and then took off running. I could hear the two other wolves chasing me and
I weaved through the trees. They had the advantage of being able to mindlink and soon Elder made a move that had me
turning hard left. Becky was there waiting and nipped at my tail. As me and Elder set off after Becky, my wolf would have
laughed if she could. We continued to play for over an hour, strengthening the bond between us. When we turned back
to find our clothes, all three of us were trotting, side by side, with our tongues hanging out our mouths. We shifted back
and put our clothes back on. I had the biggest smile on my face as Becky gave me another hug.
“I get it now,” she said.
“Get what?” I asked. She paused and looked like she had said something she didn’t mean to say. I saw the hesitant look
she gave my brother and I was wondering what was going on.
Just a heads up: novel5s.com is the only place to read the complete version of this book for free. Don’t miss out on the
next chapter—visit us now and continue your journey!
“She can handle it,” he told his mate and gave her a kiss on her hair. It was such a tender gesture it moved me. There was
an ease in it that told me it was more of a habit than anything else. It reminded me of how our mom and dad always
acted and I was happy Elder had got the same type of relationship.
“I wasn’t lying when I said I had heard a lot about you,” Becky started. “Not just from Elder and your parents, but the
pack still remembers you. They are still upset about how things turned out,” she told me. I looked at Elder. He nodded.
“Very few thought James did the right thing. You were always helping out with things, you were kind to everyone and the
pack saw you as a good wolf. They liked the idea of having you as their Luna. As time has gone by and James has
remained unmated, the talk about you hasn’t died down,” he confirmed.
“Oh.” I didn’t know what to say. It was a surprise to me.
“You didn’t know how loved you were?” Becky asked.
“Well, I thought I did. But then everything with James happened and I thought that if he looked at me like that, others must do as well. For a long time I felt abandoned by the pack. It was one of the reasons I lived so long on my own,” I told
them.
“We failed you back then,” Elder told me.
“No. It was a bad situation for everyone. I get that loyalty to the pack and the Alpha and his family is hard to deal with in
a situation like it. I was just very young.”
“You are back now, and there is still time to make up for old mistakes,” Becky said. I smiled at her.
“I’m happy I got to meet you. I can see how happy you make my brother,” I told her. There was a slight blush on Becky’s
cheeks.
“He makes me happy as well,” she said, and they shared a quick kiss.
“When all of this is over, we need to talk about a real family reunion. I know mom and dad want to see you in person and
you need to meet our son,” Elder said.
“I would love that. Let’s see what happens and we will go from there,” I told him. The future seemed far too unstable for me to make any plans. Everything depended on what would happen for the coming three weeks.
###Battle of Fate 58
The following day was dedicated to training. The five of us all felt a little off and distracted and getting a day to work out
was just what we needed. Both to work out some of the pent-up emotions we were dealing with, but also to ease us back
into being a team. When we finished training in the afternoon, we all felt a lot better than we had done going into the
training in the morning. We were ready to take on the game the next day. After dinner we had another call with the pack
back home and I felt relieved to see they had also settled into the news and seemed to be doing better. We went to bed
early but when I got into my bed, I couldn’t relax.
‘Are you sleeping?’ Finlay mindlinked after half an hour.
‘Yes,’ I replied.
‘Liar, why aren’t you sleeping?’
‘I could ask you the same,’ I countered.
‘But I asked you first.’
‘Too many thoughts. Trying to figure out a strategy, wondering if we need to be worried about sabotage and trying to
figure out what kind of game we are playing tomorrow,’ I told him.
‘Those are big thoughts. Maybe put them to the side and deal with them tomorrow?’ he suggested.
‘Brilliant, why didn’t I think of that? This is why you are the Alpha.’
‘Did you just sass your Alpha?’ he asked. The amusement in his mindlink was clear.
‘I did.’
‘And you admit to it. I may need to reconsider if you are Beta material.’
‘Stop saying stupid things and I won’t need to sass you. It’s just me doing my Beta duties to make you the best Alpha
you can ever be,’ I told him. I could swear I heard him laughing through the wall.
“Go to sleep, Red. We need that brilliant mind of yours to be on point tomorrow,’ he said.
‘I will if you will.’
‘It’s a deal. See you tomorrow.’ Our short conversation worked to distract me from all my other thoughts, and I managed
to go to sleep.
The next morning was worse than the morning of the first game. We all felt the burden of what was resting on our
shoulders. We had breakfast and headed for the stadium. We took our usual seats and waited.
“Good morning and welcome to the second game,” the speaker’s voice said. “Today’s game will be about endurance and
problem solving. It is an obstacle course where not only speed and agility is tested, but also teamwork and strategy. All
packs will start at the same time, follow the same course and face the same obstacles. But it is up to you to use the
environment and anything you find within the staked out course to move forward. It is not allowed to attack other
participants. It is allowed to make their progress harder. As in the first game, the goal is to get all members of your pack
over the finish line. Points will be deducted if not all members make it to the end. Rule violators will be removed as soon
as the violation is detected and will score a zero. We wish all of you the best of luck. You will now be escorted to the start
of the course. Wait for the horn to start.”
‘We can do this,’ Finlay mindlinked us.
‘We need to keep a steady pace. Don’t over do it at the start. It will probably not be a short race and we need to have
energy to tackle the obstacles,’ Sam reminded us. We all nodded as we followed the rest of the packs to the start. I
spotted Finlay’s brother and his team as they made sure to be at the front. I caught the scent of Elder and James, but it
was gone as soon as I scented it, mixed in with all the unfamiliar scents. Everyone was guided to an open area in the
forest. The course had been marked with a strong scent, making it clear what area was part of the track and which wasn’t.
There was a loud signal and everyone set off. It was hard not to join in the panicked sprint many packs were making. My
instinct was to keep up with them, not to let them get ahead of me. But I kept reminding myself we needed to save our
energy. Twenty minutes into the course, we saw the first obstacle. A ten feet tall wall stood in our way.
‘Boost me,’ Sam told us as we saw several packs struggling. Fortunately the wall was wide and allowed for several packs
to try and get over it at the same time. Finlay and Ramses gave Sam a boost. He managed to get up to sit on the wall
and Finlay and I gave Ramses a boost. Sam helped him up and they both sat on the wall.
‘I can do this,’ Jake said.
‘Yes you can!’ I agreed. Me and Finlay boosted him and he reached Sam’s and Ramses’ hands on his first try. Finlay and I
waited and watched as they helped him down on the other side of the wall.
‘You’re up next, Red,’ Finlay mindlinked. I nodded, backed up a little to get a running start and then set off. Finlay helped
boost me and I flew up towards Sam’s and Ramses’ outstretched hands. It was not as hard as I thought to get up on the
wall and I had no issues jumping down on the other side. I joined Jake on the other side, looking up, as Ramses came
down on our side. Soon I could see Finlay’s head as Sam helped him get up on the wall. They both joined us and we
gave each other a quick smile as we had handled the first obstacle with ease. There were packs who had issues with the
obstacle. Some had a member who had scaled the wall and then jumped down and now didn’t have the strength to
jump back up to help their pack members. Some had issues getting one of their members over the wall. We took a
minute to gather ourselves and then we set off again. Many of the packs who had sprinted past us in the beginning were
now behind us. We weren’t first, but we were gaining ground. Sam was leading the way followed by Ramses and Jake. Me and Finlay came up the rear. The forests undergrowth was becoming difficult to go through. It was snarly and dense.
Sticks and rocks was hiding in the green bushes covering the ground. It was impossible to keep up a high speed. It was
equalising the field. And as positive as it was, it was also frustrating to have to move with care. We all saw the clearing
start to show between the trees and the packs in front of us sprinted as they got through the dense vegetation. Sam was
about to do the same when Ramses grabbed the back of his t-shirt.
‘Stop!’ he mind linked us all. We stopped dead in our tracks. ‘Quicksand’ he added. We all watched as the flat floor of
the clearing wobbled under the feet of those who had sprinted into it and they began to sink. Screams of surprise were
heard as they understood their situation. We stood at the edge of the clearing and watched, hesitant if we should help.
The more the people trapped in the quicksand struggled against it, the faster they sank. It seemed they didn’t sink lower
than their waist. But they seemed to be truly stuck.
‘Can we go around?’ I asked. We looked in both directions.
‘Not without going off the track,’ Sam said.
‘It’s too wide to jump across, can we swing over?’ Finlay asked. I had to giggle and the other looked at me like I was
crazy.
‘Sorry, I just had an image of our Alpha playing Tarzan,’ I explained. Even Jake snickered at the image I knew they all got.
As we were trying to figure out a way over, one pack tried to braid some of the undergrowth together and swing over.
The braids didn’t stand the weight and disintegrated halfway over. The pack ended up in the quicksand.
Just a heads up: novel5s.com is the only place to read the complete version of this book for free. Don’t miss out on the
next chapter—visit us now and continue your journey!
‘It’s just a non-newtonian fluid,’ Jake told us.
‘A what?’ I asked.
‘A fluid that changes viscosity under pressure,’ he explained. We all looked at him like he had spoken Chinese. “Like when you try to stir corn starch in water, it feels like a lump, until you stop stirring and it looks like a liquid again.
Quicksand is a fluid that will act as a non-fluid when strong force, such as yanking, is applied to it. But if you move slowly
it will act like a fluid. Which gives us two options to make it across.’ We all still stared at him. He rolled his eyes. ‘Either we
get into it and move really, really slowly to the other side. If we do it slowly and carefully it will be like walking in water. Or we can run across it as fast as we can, stomping our feet down with each step. It should be like running on solid ground.’
‘Ah,’ Finlay said.
‘Why go slow when we can go fast?’ Sam asked with a smirk.
‘Oh good. I should have said we only had one option,’ Jake grumbled. I smiled at him.
‘Let’s get some of this vegetation out of the way so we can get a running start,’ I suggested. As we cleared a path to the
opening, some of the wolves stuck in the quicksand made it to the other side and some made their way over using long
sticks they used to swing themselves over with.
‘I’ll go first,’ Sam offered.
‘Remember, the more force you put in your step, the better. And if you sink, move slowly to the other side,’ Jake told
him.
‘I’m going to have so much fun with this,’ Sam said before he set off.
###Battle of Fate 59
Sam took off through the cleared space and when he hit the open area he started adding small jumps into his steps. It
looked ridiculous and we could all hear him giggling as a madman as he sprinted across the quicksand. Everyone around
us stopped what they were doing and looked at him. I joined in his giggling. He made it across without sinking.
‘Guys, you need to try it. It was amazing!’ he reported back.
‘We don’t have time to spare. Let’s do this,’ Finlay told us. We all started running and when we got to the quicksand, we mimicked Sam’s running style. It truly was amazing. I felt like a kid when I did a mix between bouncing and running. We were all laughing as we joined Sam on the other side. None of us had sunk, and as we set off, we could see others try as well. Most of them failed, as they didn’t understand the reason behind what we had done. But some were successful. We
sprinted through the forest. The ground was easier to run on, on this side of the quicksand and from being in the middle
of the packs, we were now one of the top packs. Our path was blocked by a new obstacle. This time it was a deep and
broad ravine.
‘No way we will jump over that,’ I told the others. As I said it, a member of another pack tried just that. We watched in
stunned horror as his pack mates cheered him on as he took a running start and leaped. I almost thought he was going
to make it, he was an excellent jumper. But then, as he got closer to the other side, his momentum seemed to halt and he waved his arms in an attempt to get closer. But his arch took him down into the ravine. All the wolves watching hurried to
the edge and looked down. The drop was at least fifteen feet and the bottom of the ravine was covered in stones the size
of closed fists, with some boulders scattered around. The wolf who had leaped was laying amongst the stones, he was moaning and moving his arms. One of his legs was at an unnatural angle, clearly broken.
‘Yeah, let’s not do that,’ Sam agreed. Another pack had found a fallen tree they were dragging out, trying to use it as a
bridge. Jack was holding out a stick and moving it around in the air.
‘It won’t be enough, they are wasting their time and energy,’ he said. I didn’t even bother to ask him how he knew.
‘Should we look for something similar?’ Ramses asked.
‘It’s not optimal. A tree trunk that would span this ravine and be sturdy enough to hold our weight will be heavy. I don’t
know how we would manage to get the end of it across to the other side without it ending up in the ravine,’ Jake told
us.
‘What about doing that pole thing they did over the quicksand?’ Sam asked.
‘Not a bad idea. We need to find some long and bendy tree and it should work,’ Jake agreed.
‘How long is long enough?’ Finlay asked.
‘Could you stand beside the ravine, Alpha?’ Jake asked. As Finlay stood next to the edge, Jake took out his stick and held
it up. I was curious and stood behind him. He used the stick to measure the height needed for the pole we should use.
When he marked a good height on the stick, he then compared it with Finlay. ‘About two and a half times your length,
Alpha,’ he then said.
‘Let’s go then,’ Finlay said and we scattered out to find what we needed. Other packs were on their own scavenger hunt.
One pack had found a huge trunk they were pushing out over the edge, trying to counterweight the end dangling in the
air. It looked to be a success until they had about a third of the way left. The end hanging free in the air got too heavy for
them to keep it in the air and it became a heavy duty sew saw, lifting the pack in the air. Fortunately, they let go of the
log, leaving them in a heap at the edge of the ravine. The log slid down, wedging itself part way down the wall. I was
happy we hadn’t tried that.
‘Got it,’ Ramses mindlinked us. He came walking with a small tree, its trunk was thin and bendy.
‘Perfect,’ Finlay said.
‘We should look for a good place to use it. Best thing would be to find a place where we can wedge it between the rocks
so it won’t slide,’ Jake said. Rames put the pole down and joined us to inspect the bottom of the ravine. Not far from us,
a pack had climbed into the ravine and was now trying to climb up the other side. The dirt was loose and they didn’t
seem to find any grip but kept gliding back down. A little farther away, another pack had managed to get a log over the
ravine. As the first member was halfway over, the log began to crumble and then snapped.
‘To dry. That’s why they were able to get it across, but it won’t hold their weight,’ Jake explained as we watched the man who had fallen into the ravine get up. He seemed unharmed.
Just a heads up: novel5s.com is the only place to read the complete version of this book for free. Don’t miss out on the
next chapter—visit us now and continue your journey!
‘I think this would be a good place,’ Sam said. We all looked down and saw the little pile of stones where we could wedge the pole. I turned around to get it. I saw one of the wolves from Finlay’s brother’s pack standing around the area where Ramses had put the pole. When he saw me looking, he walked away.
‘We are going to need a new pole,’ I told the others. They all looked at me.
‘Okay, let’s find a new one,’ Finlay said. When the others went on a new scavenger hunt, he looked at me. He didn’t even
need to ask.
‘I saw someone from your brother’s team hanging around the other pole. I didn’t think we should chance it,’ I told him.
‘Good call.’ The others didn’t take long to find another tree to make into a pole. ‘I will go first,’ Finlay told us. He walked
up to the edge, placed the base of the pole into the pile of rocks, tested to make sure it was a good fit. Then he bent the
pole into a bow and leaped off the edge. I held my breath as I watched him go. The spring in the pole helped carry him
to the other side. I let out the breath I was holding. ‘Works like a charm,’ he told us and sent the pole back to our side.
One by one we all made it across. We saw other packs also making it. Finlay took the pole out of the ravine when we were all across and broke it. No need to leave it for anyone else to use. We ran along the course, trying to keep our eyes
open for any more hidden obstacles, but also keeping a good pace. As we rounded a corner, we saw the finish line. To
our surprise there was only one pack ahead of us.
‘Time to give it all we got,’ Sam urged us on. We saw our goal and we knew we didn’t need to hold back. This was the
time to use all the rest of our energy. We wanted to keep the others behind us. As we ran, we made sure we stayed close
together and we watched the pack before us to see if they got caught up in any surprises. They didn’t and crossed the
finish line. Not more than three minutes later, we crossed it as the second team. We all grinned like mad men and
congratulated each other with hugs and pats on the back. We had made it through the second game and we did it as the
second pack to cross the finish line, with all our members. All without injuries aside from some scrapes and bruises. It was worth celebrating. We were ushered to the side to keep the area clear for incoming packs. In the area we were shown to, Matilda and Rania were waiting with food and water. We happily accepted as we watched other packs finishing the race.
Some were carrying team members that had gotten hurt. Some were only four or even three members. We saw Finlay’s
brother and his team make it, one of his warriors had a bad limp and another had a black eye. My brother and James
finished not long after, with all of their team members. By the look of them, they had ended up in the quicksand. It could
explain why they were so late to finish.
‘Amazing work everyone, this was a true team effort. Now I think we all have earned a shower, a nap and then some of
my aunt’s cooking,’ Finlay told us. We cheered at that. It was just what was needed. It was nice to call the pack at home
and deliver the good news. We opted to do it as soon as we all got back to the cabin. Even a shower and a nap could
wait. The mood in the cabin was at a high that evening.
###Battle of Fate 60
The days after the second game passed by fast. We kept to ourselves most of the time. Finlay and Sam had met up with
the Cayote Hill pack to talk about a possible joint feast in spring. I had spent my days training, relaxing and strategizing
with Jake. We were both worried about the games, which would be more mentally challenging going forward. If the
physical games were this strategic, then how hard would the strategic games be? I was sitting on the sundeck out back,
reading. Sam plopped down in the chair next to me and took my book.
“Hey!” I ed and tried to snatch it back.
“You need to relax. We are doing good, it’s okay to do other things than prep,” he told me, keeping the book away from
me.
“I know we are doing good. I’m trying to make sure we continue to do so,” I said.
“We will. All of us are motivated, you had us preparing for this for years. If we haven’t learned it by now, it’s too late,” he
pointed out. I sighed.
“You’re right. But when I do it, at least I feel like I’m doing something.”
“You are. We all take our cue from you. When you are calm, we are calm,” he said, leaning back in his chair, enjoying the
sun.
“I think you have mistaken me for the Alpha,” I told him. He chuckled.
“No, Amie. You and Finlay may be close, but not so close I can’t tell you apart. Finlay is our Alpha, and we always look to
him to lead us. But you have a bigger influence on the pack than you realise. You have been our stand-in Luna since you
arrived. At this point, it’s lucky he hasn’t found his mate. I honestly don’t know how the pack would react to a Luna who won’t be you.” I was left speechless. I just looked at him. He glanced at me and laughed at the look on my face. “I know
the both of you have messed up family issues at the moment, but you really should just let him mark you and save us all
from this guessing game. If you could do it in about four weeks, on the Monday, I would be grateful.”
“Don’t tell me you have a bet going on?” I asked him.
“Sure I have. Most of the pack is in on it. But I’m thinking as we are friends, you wouldn’t mind making sure I get the win.
Not so much for the money, mostly for the bragging rights.” My first instinct was to scold him for participating in the
betting. But I changed my mind and laughed instead.
“If I would ever let anyone mark me just so someone could have the bragging rights, it would be for you,” I told him. He
grinned.
“Why are you grinning?” Finlay asked as he came walking.
“Amie just told me I’m her number one person,” Sam said.
“I did no such thing!” I ed.
“You did. You just used other words, but I know what you meant.”
“Give me back my book so I can throw it at you,” I told him. He just laughed.
“I’m off to call Medow to report my mission was a success and I have stopped you from working yourself stupid,” Sam
said as he got up. He headed for the cabin, whistling and looking very pleased with himself.
“My book?” I asked.
“You will get it back when we get home,” he answered.
“Want me to make him give it back?” Finlay asked as he took the seat Sam had been in.
“No. He’s right. I hate to say it, but he is. I have already read the thing four times. I won’t gain anything by reading it a
fifth,” I admitted. Finlay smiled.
“I get it. We all feel restless,” he told me.
“I wish they had placed the games closer together. We would not have these endless days between them and we would
be done sooner.”
“It’s so we can rest and be at our best. And give the packs with wounded members a chance to heal,” he reminded me.
“I know. It still sucks.”
“It does,” he agreed. “At least the next game is tomorrow.”
“Yeah, it will be nice to have something to do.” There was a silence as we both looked into the trees surrounding the
cabin. “Going to tell me what’s up?” I asked.
“My mom suggested dinner the day after tomorrow with my brother, my aunt, me and her,” he told me.
“Oh. How do you feel about that?”
“I don’t know. I’m split. I don’t look forward to eating with my brother, but I would like some time to talk to my mother. We have barely spoken since I left. And if Aunt Matilda is there it feels a little better.” There was some silence between us
again. “Would you come?” he asked.
“To your family dinner? Would I even be allowed?” He gave me a weak smile.
“You are family. I want you there and my aunt will like the idea as well,” he told me.
“If you want me there, I will be there,” I decided.
Just a heads up: novel5s.com is the only place to read the complete version of this book for free. Don’t miss out on the
next chapter—visit us now and continue your journey!
“Thank you,” he said on an exhale.
“You have supported me through my messed up things. The least I can do is be there for you. We are a team.” He gave me a steadier smile.
“We are,” he agreed. “I will tell aunt Matilda and then my mother.”
“Where is the dinner being held?” I asked.
“We said it would be best to do it on neutral ground. My mother booked a room in the communal building. She and aunt
Matilda will both be bringing food.”
“Sounds like a good solution. If Matilda is cooking, I made the right choice.” My phone rang and I saw it was my dad.
“I can leave,” Finlay offered.
“No, stay,” I said. “Hi, dad. What’s up?” I answered.
“Hi pumpkin. I was just talking to your brother about how he was doing before the game tomorrow and now I need to
check in with my brilliant daughter,” he told me. I laughed.
“I’m doing good. I am a little antsy from just sitting around, so it will be nice to get a go at it,” I said.
“A chip off the old block. I hated the days in between the games. If you had a diplomatic discussion or two, it was okay.
But just sitting around and waiting always made me cranky.” It struck me that for the first time, we had access to
someone who actually had done the games before.
“Do you have any advice to give on how to get through the games?” I asked my dad.
“That is a dangerous question to ask me. If I begin talking about my glory days, you will be stuck with me for quite a while,” he warned me with a chuckle.
“I don’t mind,” I said as I stood up and sat down on the armrest to Finlay’s chair so he could overhear what my dad was
saying.
“The first thing to remember is each game will almost always test more aspects than the ones described. You can earn a
lot of points for showing off strengths you have,” my dad started. Finlay hooked his arm around my waist and pulled me
down into his lap. A small yelp escaped me.
“What was that, pumpkin?” dad asked.
Just a heads up: novel5s.com is the only place to read the complete version of this book for free. Don’t miss out on the
next chapter—visit us now and continue your journey!
“Nothing. Go on, you were talking about extra points?” I said as I glared at Finlay. He just smirked and listened to my dad
as he continued to explain how we could earn points.
“So, just because they don’t tell you they will look for tactical thinking or teamwork in the beginning of the game. If you
show it off, there is a good chance they will up your points. They always look for teamwork and that the team utilises
each member’s strengths and balance up their weaknesses. Do that and they will give you high scores. Easy points,” my
dad told us. I hummed to show him I was listening. He moved on to the next subject. His advice was layered with stories
about his times in the game. I had heard them before, but they took on a new meaning now.
“Thank you dad. I really appreciate you letting me pick your brain like this. As a new pack, we don’t have anyone with this
experience,” I told him an hour later.
“It was my pleasure, pumpkin. I have enjoyed talking to you and I alway enjoy telling my stories to anyone who will listen.
And pumpkin?”
“Yes dad?”
“I have heard you and your pack are doing well. I don’t think you need to worry too much. It’s important to have some
fun as well.”
“Thank you. Has Elder been gossiping about me?” I asked.
“Please. The two of you never told on each other. I have other sources. I heard about the council’s decision as well,” he
then said.
“Yeah, that one hit hard,” I admitted.
“According to what I have heard, you shouldn’t see it as a bad thing. According to my source, the council made the
decision to put this matter to rest once and for all. They seem to have a lot of faith in your Alpha and in your pack in
general. I would say they are expecting you to end up in the top fifteen and when you do, Alpha Ryan won’t have a case
for forced unification ever again,” dad explained. I was silent as I didn’t know what to say. I had never seen it like that
before.
“Thank you, dad. I needed to get perspective on the situation,” I told him.
“Happy I could help.” We said goodbye and I looked at Finlay.
“If that is true, it puts a new light on things,” he said. “You have an amazing father.”
“I really do,” I agreed. I relaxed back against him. “This new way of looking at our situation makes me less anxious,” I
confessed.
“It does feel less like we are being haunted by some scary thing in the shadows,” Finlay said.
“We can do this. We will tell the team about the tips and tricks my dad told us. Then we will take on game number three
tomorrow and we will be amazing,” I decided.
“I like how you think.”
###Battle of Fate 61
As we headed for the stadium for the third game, I felt better about things than I had done in a week. What Amie’s
father had told her yesterday had changed things. It made me look at our situation in a new light and it made me feel
better and stronger. It wasn’t just me. We had talked to the team and told them everything we had learnt. They all walked
with more spring in their steps. We had a plan. Even if we had no clue what the third game was, we knew ways to earn
points and valuable information on how to get out of tight spots. The steps up to our seats had never felt so easy to
climb. We sat down and waited for everyone to take their seats and for the speaker voice to tell us what was going to
happen. I was watching the crowd, searching out the now familiar places where packs of interest had their seats. Alpha
James was watching Amie, trying to make it look like he wasn’t. It was made difficult because of his seat having it’s back
to where we sat. It irritated me. I knew he was her mate and as such he had a claim to her. But in my mind he had given
up that claim the second he rejected her. I wouldn’t let him get my good mood down. Instead I leaned into Amie and
plucked a leaf which had got stuck in her braid and showed it to her.
“A little soon to be wearing a laurel reef,” I told her. She looked at the leaf and then at me. She shook her head, but I
could see how close she was to smiling.
“Don’t joke around, this is serious,” she scolded me, leaning closer.
“Fine, but just for now,” I agreed. I sat back up and looked in Alpha James’ direction. He looked like he had swallowed a
hornets’ nest. He wasn’t even trying to hide his stares.
“What has got James looking like someone stabbed his foot?” Amie asked me.
“I don’t know, but I like the look on him,” I told her. This time she actually laughed.
“You are horrible,” she said. I just shrugged.
“Welcome to the third game,” the speaker said. Saving me from admitting I had intentionally made Alpha James jealous.
“Today’s game is again played individually by the packs. We have set up four identical games. Like with the first game,
you will wait here until you are taken to the area where the test will be held. Those teams who have lost one or more
teammates will have a disadvantage in this game. As this is your own doing, we won’t do anything to correct this. Our
expectation of you will be just as high as for the other teams. The game today aims to test your logical and strategic
thinking alongside your ability to adapt. As always, we wish you good luck.”
“Well, this sounds like fun,” Jake said. Amie smiled and nodded.
“I came prepared this time. I was bored senseless during our wait at the first game,” Ramses said, waving a deck of cards.
“If I wasn’t mated, I would have kissed you,” Sam told him. The look of horror on Ramses face made us all laugh. We made ourselves as comfortable as possible and started playing cards.
“We should have brought cards, that is genius.” I looked up to see Amie’s brother standing beside her with a friendly
smile.
“What do you expect from my pack? We are all geniuses,” Amie told him. “Elder, you remember my Alpha. This is Gamma
Sam, Jake and Ramses. Everyone, this is my brother Beta Elder,” she introduced everyone. Everyone nodded towards her
brother.
“I just came over to wish you luck and to tell you Becky would like to arrange a girls night with you. Whatever that means.
It would make me happy if you gave her a call when you have time,” Beta Elder said to Amie.
“I would like that. I’ll call her. And good luck right back at you. I managed to lure all of dad’s wisdom from him
yesterday.” Elder made a face.
“Betrayed by my own father, that cuts deep,” he said in an over dramatic voice. Amie giggled and I just enjoyed watching
them together.
“I have to go, you never know when they are going to call on us. See you on the other side,” Beta Elder said. He raised his
hand in a goodbye gesture and we all mirrored it back. I liked her brother, I always had. It irritated me as I wanted to see
him as an enemy. But he didn’t seem to want to lure her back to her old pack and he made Amie happy.
Around lunch a basket arrived with sandwiches and water from my aunt. We ate and then moved around a little to loosen
up our muscles. Not long after, an official came to get us. We were transported to an area of the forest we hadn’t been to
before. There was no sign of what the game was, or of an audience. Judging by how faint the smell was from other wolves, we were alone in this place and it had been quite some time since anyone else had been here.
“Please go through the door and stay on the wood floor until you have got your instructions,” the official told us.
Indicating a door set into a hill. Sam walked through the door first and I let the others follow him and I went last. We
stood in a cave. The ceiling was sloping upward in a smooth tilt, clearly manmade. We stood in the area just inside the
door where the floor was covered in wood. A step further ahead, the floor was the same natural stone as the rest of the
cave. About fifteen feet in front of us there was a twelve feet high wall. The tilt of the roof made it impossible to see what
was beyond it. To our right there was a door made of iron bars which led into a small room.
“Welcome Blue Mountain pack. You have just stepped into the third game, the dungeon. Your ive is to get all team
members through the dungeon, preferably in one piece, and out through the door at the other end. You may do this in
any way you see fit. You have no time limitation. But, as in all dungeons, a sacrifice must be made. Only four of you can
be allowed to work through the dungeon. The fifth must stay, as our guest, in the room to your right. You choose who
stays. If you make it to the final door, you will have a chance to set your teammate free to join you in the final room. If
you don’t manage to free them in the final room, they will be lost to your team for the rest of the remaining games. With
that, good luck and I hope to see you on the other side. You can begin as soon as one of you is locked in the room.” We
all looked at each other. We needed to leave a pack member behind? All my instincts screamed at me not to do it.
Just a heads up: novel5s.com is the only place to read the complete version of this book for free. Don’t miss out on the
next chapter—visit us now and continue your journey!
“I volunteer,” Ramses said. We all looked at him. “No, they need your brain,” he told Jake before he had a chance to say
something.
“Are you sure?” I asked. Sam and Amie looked to hate the idea as much as I did.
“I’m sure. I know I can contribute, but I also know the four of you are a strong team,” he told me.
“We won’t leave you behind, we will free you in the final room,” I promised him.
“I will be fucking pissed if you don’t” he told us as he walked into the small room and closed the door behind him. It
locked and at the moment it did, a part of the wall to the left lit up. We all looked at it. It was symbols, shining like small
lights.
“What is that?” Sam asked.
“Symbols, can they be a code?” Amie asked.
“I bet they are. You can see that most of them repeat. Oh, I wish I had a pen and some paper,” Jake said, sounding
excited. We all looked around for more clues about what to do.
“There is a small fire in here to keep me warm. It has coal in it. Would that do, Jake?” Ramses asked.
Just a heads up: novel5s.com is the only place to read the complete version of this book for free. Don’t miss out on the
next chapter—visit us now and continue your journey!
“It would do just fine,” Jake agreed. He walked over to the door and Ramses gave him a handful of coal. Jake and Amie
squatted down in front of the symbols, talking as they wrote on the floor.
“I don’t know man, this is taking a lot of time. What if we just climb over the wall?” Sam said. He walked towards the wall.
There was an almost inaudible click and the air stirred.
“Get down!” I shouted. Everyone hit the floor without ions. A huge log with ropes tied to each end, swung down
over the place where Sam lay flat on his stomach. Had he been standing, it would have hit him full force in the back of his
neck. We all waited until it had stopped swinging. A hidden mechanism pulled it up and into the ceiling.
“Idiot!” Amie told Sam as we got back on our feet. “Do you know what Medow would have done to me if we got back
with your head smashed in?” she hissed. Then she gave Sam a hug and walked back to where Jake was trying to decipher
the symbols. Sam walked over to me, looking where he placed his feet.
“Not the smartest move I have made. Thanks man. She is right, Medow would have been pissed,” he said, rubbing the
back of his head.
“Let’s try and be patient and let the two of them figure this out,” I told him and looked at Amie and Jake.
“Good plan.”
“I think we got it,” Jake said.
“What does it say?” I asked.
“In the beginning of time, a man stood looking into the forest. A wolf came walking by and asked the man why he was
standing there. ‘I am too scared to go into the forest,’ the man said. ‘It is full of your brothers and they will eat me if I
walk into the forest.’ The wolf looked at the man. ‘I will carry you on my back, my brothers will not harm you if you ride me,’ the wolf said. ‘I will show you the forest.’ The man was surprised. ‘What would you ask of me for this favour?’ the
man asked. ‘I would ask for you to do the same for me. I would like to see the world outside the forest, the world of
men,’ the wolf replied. The man agreed and climbed up on the wolf’s back and they explored the forest together. When
they had seen all the forest, the wolf brought the man to the place they had met years before. They switched and the
man carried the wolf all over the realm of man. When they had seen everything the man brought the wolf back to their
spot where the forest met the realm of man. But they both hesitated. They had spent years in each other’s company,
grown closer to each other than to anyone else. Neither of them wanted to be apart. The goddess of the moon saw their
pain and in her wisdom she made them one, both wolf and man, so they never needed to walk in fear or be alone,” Amie
read.
Previous Page Next Page
Feedback
###Battle of Fate 62
“I have never heard that legend before,” Jake said. We all agreed with him.
“We have all heard the legend of how werewolves were created to protect the moon goddess, this was nothing like it. So
what if it is a clue in disguise?” Amie suggested. I nodded.
“So the man and the wolf carrying each other on their backs,” I thought out loud.
“It may be telling us to do the same?” Jake asked.
“That would make sense as it would mean we couldn’t be five, it needs to be even numbers and that’s why I’m in here,”
Rames said.
“Oh. That’s a good point,” Amie agreed.
“Hopp up,” I told her and turned my back to her. She jumped up on my back with a giggle. “Ready to test this?” I asked
her.
“Sure,” she agreed.
“Everyone be quiet. If you hear a click, let us know,” I told everyone. I slowly moved forward to the place Sam had been
when the log had swung down. Nothing happened and soon we reached the wall. Nothing was triggered.
“Sweet. Up you go, Jake,” Sam said. They joined us at the wall.
“How do we get over it?” Amie asked.
“Now we know it’s safe. I can get a running start and leap up. Just hold on,” I told her. I backed up, ran up to the wall and
jumped up. I got a good grip on the top of the wall and could lift both me and Amie up.
‘Don’t tell anyone, but that was kind of hot,’ she mindlinked me.
‘Don’t tell me things like that in the middle of the game,’ I said.
‘Fine I won’t tell you.’
‘I change my mind, I want to know what you think is hot,’ I said as I watched Sam take a running start and leap at the
wall. He made it as well. ‘Ramses sit tight, we will get you out’ I mind linked our teammate we had left behind.
‘Alpha, there is a new line to the text,’ he linked back to all of us. We looked back and he was right, a new line of symbols
had appeared.
‘Can you see my key and read it?’ Jake asked.
‘I can. Thank you for leaving it.’ Jake shrugged.
‘Hard to take the floor with you,’ he said, and we all chuckled.
‘It says: Looking forward can make you understand the present,’ Ramses told us.
“What does that mean?” I asked out loud.
“Look at the floor behind us,’ Jake said. I turned around, still with Amie on my back. What we had seen as a wall was
really a ledge. We stood on a flat floor. There was a large floor surface with a grid in front of us. Each square was about
two by two feet in size. In the middle of each was a symbol. The grid was four squares wide by nine squares long.
“I’m going to guess bad things happen when you step on the wrong square,” Sam said.
“Take my shoe off,” Jake told Sam.
“What?” Sam asked.
“Take my shoe off.”
“I heard you, I was more curious about why,” Sam added. Amie sighed, bent forward towards the leg Jake was holding up
and pulled his shoe off. We all had sturdy hiking boots on our feet.
“Toss it on a square in the first row,” Jake told her. Amie slammed the shoe down on a square in front of us. The sides of
the cave came rushing out over the floor and smashed into each other as they met in the middle. Then retracted again.
There was a stunned silence.
‘What the fuck was that noise?’ Ramses asked.
“What the actual fuck!” Sam shouted. “Are they crazy? We could have become flatbread if we stepped onto that floor,”
he added. I bent down and picked up Jake’s shoe, it looked like it had survived the smashing okey. I handed it to him.
“How do we solve this?” I asked.
“We need to look forward,” Amie told me. We all looked forward. On the other side of the floor, there was another wall.
Not as high as the one we just climbed, but not far from it. I could just see a door set into a wall further into the
dungeon.
“That door has symbols on it,’” Jake said.
‘“Yeah. But I can only see four rows, the floor has nine,” Amie said. She and Jake looked at each other.
“Oh,” they both said.
“Oh?” I asked.
“Let me down, I need to sit on your shoulders,” Amie told me. I reluctantly let her down, worried it would trigger some
new trap. But she got down without an issue. I hunkered down and she got onto my shoulders. I steadied her as I got
back up.
“I can see it!” she exclaimed.
Just a heads up: novel5s.com is the only place to read the complete version of this book for free. Don’t miss out on the
next chapter—visit us now and continue your journey!
“See what?” I asked.
“The bottom of the door. The angle was too steep before, we could just see the top part. But the door also has nine rows
of symbols. The one in the bottom left corner is glowing,” she told us. Sam and I looked at each other.
“Bottom left corner it is,” he said and walked over to it and stepped on the square. Nothing happened. I joined him, it
was a little cramped, but we made it work.
“Is something happening?” I asked.
“Yes! The symbol second from the left on the second row is glowing,” she told us. Sam and I moved to the square and we
continued to move over the floor after the directions of Amie and the door.
‘We made it across the floor’ I mind linked Ramses as we stood on the other side of the squares. As the wall was lower, I
didn’t need a running start to climb it. Now I could see the door with the symbols on it. None of them were glowing. To
the left of the door there was what looked like a tunnel.
‘I can see new symbols,’ Rames told us as Sam had joined us. “Step by step, everything has its own place. The whole will
bring freedom, but what has been sacrificed will be lost,’ he read.
“The easy part of that is the tunnel will lead us to the outside but we will lose Ramses,” Jake said.
“We won’t be doing that,’” I told them. They all agreed.
“Step by step,” Sam hummed. “Oh baby, gone get to you girl,” he sang. “Great, now I will have that on my mind for weeks.”
“What if we need to press the symbols in the order they lit up?” Jake asked.
“That would fit the clue. ‘Everything has its own place’,” I said.
“Does anyone remember the order?” Amie asked. There was silence. “Great.” We took a moment to think and started to
talk about how we had moved.
“Are we confident?” I asked.
“No, but I don’t think we will have a sudden epiphany either, so we need to go with it,” Sam said. I hesitated. My instinct
told me I should push the symbols. But I was carrying Amie on my shoulders. If a trap was set off, we would both be
caught in it.
‘Just do it, Finn. We will be okay,’ Amie mindlinked me. I took a deep breath and stepped up to the door. I pressed the
nine symbols in the order we had agreed on. Then I jumped back. The symbols lit up, but nothing else happened.
“I think you need to use the handle, like any other door,” Amie pointed out. I sighed and tried the handle. The door
opened. Nothing exploded, nothing shot out or slammed down. Behind the door was a stair leading down.
“Down we go,” Jake said. I mindlinked Ramses and told him what was happening. We walked down the stairs and ended
up in a small square room. On the opposite wall was a door with the classic green ‘Exit’ sign above it. The room’s walls were decorated in symbols and there were two benches, one on each side wall.
‘There is a new line; Exit is the way out,’ Ramses told us.
Just a heads up: novel5s.com is the only place to read the complete version of this book for free. Don’t miss out on the
next chapter—visit us now and continue your journey!
“It can’t be that simple,” I said.
“No, it can’t. The speaker said we would have a chance to set Ramses free. Not that it would be automatic,” Amie agreed. We looked around to see if we could see another exit sign or something like it. We found nothing.
“This reminds me of the symbols at the beginning,” Jake said, pointing at a couple of symbols.
“They do look like them,” Amie agreed.
“Okay, I might be wrong. But are we supposed to spell ‘exit’ with the symbols on the walls?” Sam asked. We all looked at
him.
“You are a genius!” I told him.
“Ramses, describe the symbol for ‘E’,’ I mindlinked him.
‘Eh, it’s a circle with a squiggly thing going from the centre of the circle down to the right,’ he told us. Jake and Sam took
the left wall and Amie and I took the right.
“Found it!” Amie said, reaching up almost to the ceiling to point at it.
“Has anyone found another one?” I asked. No one had. One by one we found the symbols and then we pressed them in
the correct order. There was a klick and we all dived for the floor. I tried to get down in a way that didn’t hurt Amie. The
click was from a secret door opening on the right wall.
‘Alpha, a door has opened in the cell wall,’ Ramses told me.
‘Go through it. I think it will lead you to us,’ I said. It didn’t take long for Ramses to join us.
“So we just walk outside now?” Sam asked.
“I guess so,” I said and opened the door marked exit. We stepped out into the forest and a horn sounded.
“Congratulations, Blue Mountain pack. You have completed the third game. Your time was one hour and forty two minutes. All of your team made it out. Please follow the official and he will show you to the rest of your pack,” the
speaker said. I gave Amie a hug and the others a pat on the back. We had done it again and without anyone losing a
limb or turning into a pancake. We joined the rest of the pack. The spectators were sitting in large movie theatres looking
at a screen. The screen was divided in four, each part showing an identical dungeon.
“You did great,” Willie told us as we sat down.
“Had me scared senseless half of the time,” my aunt said. But she gave us a smile as she made sure we had food and water. We looked on the screen and saw a team trying to put in the correct symbols on the door. The symbols lit up like
they had done for us. But when they grabbed the handle to twist it, ten inch spikes shot out of the handle and pierced his
hand. I jerked out of instinct and the palm of my hand started to itch. I scratched at it until Amie took it in her hand.
‘I would pay good money to watch your brother carry his Beta on his back through the dungeon,’ she mindlinked me.
The water I was drinking spurted out my nose as I tried to cough and laugh at the same time.
‘Are you trying to kill me, Red?’ I asked. She just giggled.
###Battle of Fate 63
After yesterday’s performance in the third game, I was in a good mood. I wasn’t looking forward to dinner with Finlay’s
family. But if I was going to choose him as my mate, I would have to get used to his family as well. And more important,
Finlay wanted me there for support. It was the only reason I put effort into getting ready. I used one of the dresses Medow had made me pack. It was midnight blue with a modest top with short sleeves, an empire waist and a flowing
skirt. I felt ridiculously nervous as I joined Finlay and Matilda.
“That is a very nice dress. Don’t you think so, Finlay?” Matilda said as we walked toward the communal building.
“It is,” he agreed.
“Thank you,” I said.
“Lighten up! The two of you look like we are going to our own execution. Amie, I need your help in keeping our Alpha
from harming his dear brother. His mother and I are trying to mend bridges, not get anyone disqualified from the games
for maiming a competitor,” Matilda said.
“I will do my best,” I promised. Finlay snorted.
“You’re not too old to be put in time out, young man,” his aunt told him.
“Yes, aunt Matilda. I will try to behave,” he said. I giggled. We walked into the booked room, it looked like a private room
at a restaurant. A small, round table was set for five and Finlay’s mother and brother stood waiting for us. His mother had
put the food she had cooked on the table and after greeting everyone, I helped Matilda put down the dishes she had
made. We sat down and started helping ourselves to food. All in silence.
“It was nice that you could join us,” Finlay’s mother said to me. She looked unsure, as if she doubted it was nice.
“Thank you for letting me come,” I said and did my best to give her a relaxed smile.
“Of course you should come, you are practically family,” Matilda said in her usual cheerful voice.
“And why is that?” Alpha Ryan asked.
“I kind of adopted her from day one,” Matilda said with a laugh. I smiled at her. She was going strong today.
“Both Matilda and Finlay made me feel welcome in the pack,” I agreed.
“That’s nice,” Finlay’s mother said. “Have you been moving around, visiting the different packs between games?” she
asked Finlay.
“I have been keeping up with our allies,” he said.
“Shouldn’t you get out more? Meet new wolves? An opportunity like this only comes every ten years,” his mother told
him. She sounded sincerely worried.
“Mother, it’s not like I’m shutting myself away. I have duties as Alpha to take care of the pack as well,” he replied. “I’m
sure you understand how it is, Ryan,” he added. His brother shrugged.
“My pack runs itself, more or less. And I’m not the one who needs to find his mate,” Alpha Ryan said. Touchy subject and
Finlay instantly tensed up.
“This stew is amazing. What is the herb you have used?” I asked his mother. Trying to take the focus away from Finlay.
“That’s sweet of you. The secret in thyme,” she told me and gave me the first genuine smile I had seen from her.
“Our mother always used thyme in everything she cooked,” Matilda told me. “Remember when she added it to custard
and then mixed in bubblegum flavour?” she asked her sister. Finlay’s mother laughed.
“Horrible. But I still enjoy thyme in general. It reminds me of my childhood,” she said.
“My mom loves all herbs. My childhood was a symphony of different blends,” I told them.
“Amie is our best gardener. She has saved Finlay’s garden from lapsing into a jungle,” Matilda said.
“You like gardening?”
“I do. It’s nice to have something relaxing to do,” I told her. The three of us did our best to keep the conversation going.
To my surprise, once Finlay’s mother warmed up to me, she was quite nice.
‘If you don’t jump into this conversation and do your part, I will put my fork in your thigh,’ I mindlinked Finley. He and
his brother were both moping.
‘You seem to be doing fine without me,’ he told me.
‘Did you think I was joking?’ I asked. It made him look up at me.
“So, mother, how have your roses been this year?” he asked.
‘Thank you,’ Matilda mindlinked me. ‘There is only so long I can be cheery and not slap a grown ass man sulking like a
toddler in the back of his head,’ she added.
‘I’m with you,’ I told her. We stayed silent for a while, eating and listening to the forced conversation between Finlay and
his mother. As they kept going, they both relaxed and the conversation became more natural. All in all, the dinner was a
success. Except for Alpha Ryan, who still moped on his own, refusing to join in the conversation. By the end of dessert,
Finlay was relaxed and even laughed as his mother told a story about him as a pup.
“We need to head back, we have a new game tomorrow,” he said. He got up from the table and helped me with my chair.
I smiled at him.
“It was lovely to have got a chance to get to know you,” Finlay’s mother told me as we got ready to leave. This time, I
actually believed her.
Just a heads up: novel5s.com is the only place to read the complete version of this book for free. Don’t miss out on the
next chapter—visit us now and continue your journey!
“It has been a fun evening. When all of this is over and things calm down, you should really come and visit the pack,” I
told her. Finlay froze beside me.
‘What are you doing?’ he asked. I ignored him.
“I don’t know,” his mother said.
“I know both Matilda and Finlay would love to meet you more often, and I think the pack would be delighted as well,” I
told her.
“It would be nice to see everyone again,” she agreed.
“We will arrange it,” Matilda said. As Finlay and Matilda said goodbye to his mother, I stood a little back. Alpha Ryan
came walking up from behind me.
“The Lunar Medow pack has a party ongoing almost every night. Care to join me for some fun?” he whispered to me as
he bent down over my shoulder, his hand on my ass.
“Remove your hand or I will remove your dick,” I hissed in a whisper.
“Come on, why not have some fun?” I snorted at his question.
“Yeah, don’t think you would live up to what you’re offering.” I glanced over my shoulder at his crotch. “Doesn’t seem to
be much there. No fun at all. Now get your hand off my ass,” I told him, reached back and took a firm grip on his dick. “If
I extend my claws, there will never be any small alphas running around,” I pointed out. He hissed and removed his hand. I
felt a little sick as I released his manhood and moved to stand next to Finlay. He gave me a look and I tried to smile at
him.
“I think it was a success overall,” Matilda said as we walked home.
“I agree,” Finlay told us.
“I knew bringing you was the perfect thing,” Matilda said, giving me a sideways hug.
“Thank you. I had fun,” I said. When we got back to the cabin, Matilda joined the others who were playing board games. I
was going to go up and change and then join them as well when Finlay took my hand.
“Join me on the sundeck for ten minutes?” he asked.
“Sure.” I followed him outside and waited for him to close the door and walk up to me. He gently put his hand on my
arm.
“What’s wrong?” he asked. I didn’t answer straight away, I needed a moment to think about what to tell him. “Red,
something is wrong,” he said and there was a warning in his voice. I sighed. He knew me too well and I didn’t want to lie
to him. But we had just made progress in his relationship with his mother, something I knew he wanted.
“You’re right, but it’s not something big and it’s been dealt with. Will you trust me when I say you don’t need to know
the details?” I asked.
“You are okay?”
“I’m fine,” I told him with a genuine smile.
“And you are safe?”
“I am. I think I have never been as safe as when we are here if you don’t count the games. I am always around either you,
Sam or other pack members,” I said.
“Not when you go and see your brother,” he pointed out.
“That is true. But then I’m with my brother.” He nodded. Apparently he felt Elder was a good enough bodyguard. “How
about you? Did you get what you hoped for from the dinner?”
“That and more. Thank you for what you did and for pushing me. I needed it.”
“I’m happy I could help. I like your mother,” I told him.
“You do?” he asked with a look of shock on his face.
“I do. It takes her a little time to warm up. But when she does, she is nice.” He smiled and shook his head as if he had a
hard time believing me. He reached out his hand and played with a lock of my hair, I had let it hang loose for the
evening.
“You look beautiful. I don’t think I have seen you in this dress before,” he told me.
“Thank you. And no, you haven’t. I bought it for the games.”
“Hm,” he said and took a step closer. I knew where we were heading and I also knew if I let it get to that point, I would
not be able to stop. I gave him a soft kiss on his cheek.
“Only twenty days left,” I told him.
“Are you keeping count on the days, Red?” he asked.
“I am. You’re not?” I told him.
“No. I’m counting down the hours,” he said, placed a kiss on my forehead and took a step
###Battle of Fate 64
t was time for the fourth game and we all gathered at the stadium, I got a feeling of familiarity. We had done this before,
and we had done well. We sat in our usual seats and waited for the clock to turn nine. On the dot, the speaker switched
on.
“Welcome to the fourth game. Today’s game will be played by all the packs at the same time. It will focus on strength,
agility and tactical planning. Everyone will have a flag tied to your waist with a symbol for your pack on it. Your ive
is to keep your own flags and steal as many from the other packs as possible. Once you lose your flag, you can no longer
participate and have to join the onlookers. All the flags you have gathered will be given over if your flag is lost. Using
teeth or claws is forbidden. It is allowed to shift, but if you lose your flag while doing so, you will be out. The game will be
ongoing for two hours. We will now take you to the area in which it will take place. If you stray outside the designated
area, you will be disqualified. You have the time while we transport you to work out your tactics and ten minutes when
you get there to secure the flags. When the ten minutes are up, the game will begin.” We looked at each other.
‘This will be chaos,’ Sam mind linked us as we made our way to the waiting bus.
‘Any idea on how we will handle it?’ Finlay asked.
‘We can go on the offensive and try to catch a lot of flags, or we can go defensive and make sure no one gets ours,’ Jake
said.
‘I don’t think we can stay defensive, we won’t collect too many flags that way,’ I mused. ‘Ramses and I are quick and
stealthy. What if the three of you find a good place to stay defensive, keep an eye out for easy targets and make sure we
at least have your flags. Ramses and I will go on the defensive and collect flags. We can then pass them on to you so we
don’t risk losing them,’ I suggested.
‘I don’t know,’ Finlay linked.
‘It’s a brilliant plan,’ Jake said, oblivious to why Finlay was hesitant.
‘I agree with Jake,’ Sam said with a grin.
‘If we do, you can’t shift with the colour of your wolf,’ Ramses said.
‘That’s a good idea!’ I told him.
‘I know, red stands out like a sore thumb. They will spot you straight away,’ he agreed.
‘And that is what we want,’ I told him.
‘What?’ all the others linked as one.
‘I will shift and use my colour to put the focus on me. Ramses will sneak up and get their flags. Easy-peasy,’ I explained.
‘It sounds too easy,’ Ramses said.
‘Agreed,’ Finlay said.
‘They said we can’t use our teeth or claws, which means changing would be fairly useless. But for me it will be very
useful,’ I told them.
‘I think it’s worth a try,’ Sam decided. Everyone but Finlay nodded.
‘No unnecessary risks?’ he asked me in a private mindlink.
‘Promise,’ I told him.
‘Sounds like we have a plan,’ he told all of us. When we arrived in the area, once again marked out by scent, we received
our flags. We had a deep blue flag with a silhouette of a mountain in white printed on it. I stripped and shifted. Finlay
knelt by my side and tied the flag around my waist. As I was planning to stay shifted through the game, I didn’t need to worry about the rope fitting my human shape as well. We made sure it was a good fit for my wolf. I got quite a few stares
from the packs closest to us. My unusual fur drew attention.
‘This will work,’ Jake told us with confidence.
‘Remember, keep your eyes open, look out for your teammates and go for the easy targets first. Once we have a good
amount of flags, we will see if we will adapt to a more defensive play,’ Sam mindlinked us all. We nodded. I was excited,
this would be fun. The signal sounded and Ramses and I took off in one direction, the others three in another direction.
‘Five men pack to our left,’ Ramses said. I looked in the direction and my human part grinned. There was a pack of huge wolves, looking smug in their human form.
‘Let’s do it,’ I agreed.
‘Bring them to the patch of trees over there,’ Ramses said, looking to the right. I looked in the same direction.
‘I’ll meet you there,’ I told him. We split and I headed for the five men standing in a tight clump. I made sure I got their
attention by running in close to them, circling around them and then giving them some space.
“Hey!” one of them exclaimed.
Just a heads up: novel5s.com is the only place to read the complete version of this book for free. Don’t miss out on the
next chapter—visit us now and continue your journey!
“Get it!” their Alpha called out. They all set off for me. I happily ran off. They weren’t fast or agile. Their huge size and all
their muscles slowed them down. I made sure to run at a speed that just kept me out of their reach. Not too fast so they would lose interest. I ran in between the trees. There was a soft thump. I would have missed it if I wasn’t listening for it. I
looked over my shoulder and saw Ramses. He had already snatched two flags and was doing quick work of the remaining
three. The five men hadn’t even realised their flags were gone when I stopped running. Ramses cleared his throat and as
they spun around he showed them the flags in his hand.
“How the fuck did you do that?” their Alpha asked.
“Beta Amie is an excellent distraction, and I move quietly,” Ramses said with a grin. “Thank you for the flags. Better luck
in the next game.” I joined him and we ran away together. He made a detour to hand the flags over to Finlay for
safekeeping while I scouted our next prey.
Ramses and I worked well together. We started with easy picks and could hand over several flags to Finlay in a short time.
After the first half hour, most of the easy picks had been picked off and things got harder. The participants who were left weren’t as easy to get to chase me. But I could be annoying when I wanted and as we progressed I increased my efforts. I
had spotted our next target and when I headed towards them, I ran past my brother in his human form. He looked
surprised for a second and then he laughed.
“You won’t fool me, little sister,” he shouted after me. My human part grinned. I knew my brother wouldn’t fall for our
trap, he wasn’t my target. Elder must have mindlinked the rest of his pack. James swirled around and looked in my
direction, I could see his jaw drop as he saw my wolf run past them. Wolfless and weak my ass, I thought as I focused on
my target.
The game was almost at its end. Finlay, Sam and Jake had done a good job at being the defensive unit. They had got
some flags as well, but more importantly, they had guarded the flags Ramses and I had gathered.
‘One last target and then we meet up with the others and hold our stance for the rest of the time,’ I told Ramses. He
nodded and we selected a mark. I set off towards the group of three who stood together, backs against each other. I ran
up to them and ran in a circle around them. They annoyingly stood steadfast. I started doing small attacks, not intended
to do anything but to make them annoyed and unsure. It took me a while before I got the result I wanted. One of them
broke away from the others to lunge at me. I let him almost grab my flag before I ran away. I could hear him following
me. He was fast and by far the target I had most problems keeping at a distance. My wolf enjoyed the challenge and
used her agility to weave around obstacles. I was almost at the spot where I knew Ramses was hidden when I felt my
pursuer’s hand on my flank. He tried grabbing my hip, but missed. I would have no issue shaking his hand off as he
could only grip my fur. I manoeuvred right and felt a sharp pain in my hip as his claws sank into me. I yelped in pain and
felt his claws shred through my skin. The moment after, everything happened at once. I heard him curse and withdraw
both his claws and hand. Ramses materialised between us as I spun around. Somewhere on the other end of the area,
Finlay roared. The speaker announced a disqualification due to use of claws. The offender had to turn his, and all the flags
he had collected, over to the Blue Mountain pack. The man looked defeated as he untied his flag and handed it to
Ramses together with a handful of others.
“I’m sorry. I did not mean to hurt you,” he told me, looking around Ramses. I nodded.
“She accepts the apology. She knows she can be annoying,” Ramses told him, I nodded again.
“Yeah, I lost my temper, I haven’t done that in years,’ the man said he then nodded to me and strolled off.
‘Time to end this and join up with the others,’ Ramses said. I was about to agree as there was no way I could move fast
enough with my injury. Even if it was superficial. The horn sounded, signalling the end of the game.
‘I have your clothes,’ Matilda linked me.
‘You get the flags to Finlay, I will meet up with Matilda and shift back,’ I told Ramses. He nodded. Matilda stood ready
with my clothes in one hand and scissors in the other. She cut the rope with my flag off and I shifted back and got
dressed. Finlay came striding towards us.
“Oh my,” Matilda told me when we saw the look on his face. He looked furious. I took a deep breath and put a smile on
my face.
Just a heads up: novel5s.com is the only place to read the complete version of this book for free. Don’t miss out on the
next chapter—visit us now and continue your journey!
“Great job,’” I cheerfully said as he got closer.
“Let me see,” he demanded. I was on the verge of asking what he wanted to see, but changed my mind.
“No.”
“No?” he asked.
“I’m not going to strip down and show you my ass in the middle of everyone,” I insisted.
“She’s right. We don’t want others to know the extent of the injuries,” Jake told Finlay. He looked worried.
“I’m fine,” I told them.
“You are injured, that is not fine,” Finlay told me.
“Fair. But it’s a minor injury. Nothing to fuss about. The healer will look at me when we get back,” I told him.
“I can scent your blood.” I sighed.
“Let’s just go back home and it will straighten itself out. How many flags?” I asked. Finlay was just staring at me, so I
turned to look at Sam. He was frowning.
“Ninety seven plus our five,” Sam told me.
“Nice. Good work everyone,” I said. No one said anything.
“Good try,” Matilda told me as we all walked back towards the buses.
###Battle of Fate 65
I knew Finlay was worried about me when I headed off for my girls’ night with Becky. I could only imagine that he feared
James would leap from the bushes or something. Me wanting to stay away from James was why the idea of a picnic had
seemed the best option. We would meet in a neutral part of the woods and not tell anyone except Elder and Finlay the
exact location. It gave us both security and peace of mind to relax. Becky stood waiting for me at our meeting spot, we
both had a basked in one hand.
“How are you feeling?” she asked as we walked the final way to the spot we had selected.
“Fine. It has almost healed completely. I should be as new by the next game tomorrow,” I told her.
“That is good to hear.” There was a pause.
“You don’t have to think about what you say,” I told her.
“Are you sure? I don’t want to just push around and be insensitive when it comes to sore subjects,” Becky told me as we
put the blankets down and started to retrieve the food and wine. I sat down and leaned against a tree.
“I’m sure. This situation is strange for me as well and my connection to James complicates things. But I don’t want it to
come between me and Elder and me and you. We just have to do the best we can and I’m sure there will be some
awkward moments. We will just deal with them. I think it would be worse if we try to tiptoe around things,” I told her.
“Sounds reasonable,” she agreed as she handed me a glass of wine. “So what is going on between you and Alpha
Finlay?” she asked. I almost choked on the wine.
“Wow. You jumped straight in,” I said. She gave me a huge smile.
“Oh, come on. Spill the beans. It’s obvious something is going on. He watches over you like a hawk and that roar he let
out yesterday when you got hurt. Very alpha-mate-viby,” she said. I took and bit down on one of the pierogies I had
helped Matilda make as a way to give myself time to think about my answer. I decided to tell her the truth.
“And now we are in the middle of this mess and I feel guilty because I haven’t rejected James, because I feel like I’m
betraying Finlay. But with the looming threat of a forced reunion of the packs, I just can’t,” I ended my story.
“Wow. So you got here thinking he would find his mate and discovered you had one instead? I can see how that might
mess with you. I don’t envy you, especially not with the way James is behaving,” she told me.
“What do you mean? James has been no trouble at all. Except for what you told us yesterday, thank you for that by the
way, he has stuck to our agreement. I’m guessing because he wants this as much as I do,” I told her. She took a bite out
of a finger sandwich and shook her head.
“That’s because your brother has been telling him to keep away from you.”
“What?”
“Elder thinks that if James did as he wanted, and tried to contact you, it would end in a physical altercation between
James and your Alpha. After seeing how the two of you act around each other and after what you have told me, I agree,”
she said. I looked at her.
“But why? I mean, I can hardly feel the mate bond if I’m not next to him. But you are right. Finlay would not accept him
coming around.” She giggled.
“I don’t think James feels the same way you do about the mate bond. Look, I didn’t know him before all this happened. I
have only known the post-rejection James. The James I know, and like, is a serious wolf which has a hard time relaxing,
even a harder time to drop the Alpha-facade he hides behind. Elder tells me he didn’t used to be like that,” she told me. I
shook my head.
“No. It doesn’t sound like the James I knew. He had a serious side, but mostly he was just confident and carefree. Loved
to joke around. He and Elder could make my life miserable with their stupid pranks,” I told her.
“I have heard some stories,” she said with a grin. “He changed after the rejection. Everyone, including your brother,
thought it was because of how the pack reacted, how much he had to work to earn back their respect. Now, I don’t think
it was because of that. I think he has been regretting his decision all this time but his stupid pride has not let him admit it.
Men. Alpha men, five times as bad. Trust me, my dad was an Alpha and I have four brothers. All have the Alpha-gene.
What I’m trying to say is, now he has you within reach, the bond is still in place and I think James sees it as a chance to
undo the past ten years.”
“But he can’t. They happened,” I insisted.
“I know. I’m with you on that one. I’m just not sure James is. And he has a claim on you through the bond. I think he has
a hard time separating between what he wants to happen and what will happen.”
“What a mess,” I said with a sigh.
“Yeah,” she agreed. We sat in silence for a moment.
“So, when my brother told you all these stories from when we were kids, did he ever tell you about the disaster on gravel
hill?” I asked.
“I don’t think so.”
“Oh you would have remembered if he had. It’s one of my favourite stories about Elder. He absolutely hates it.”
“So, will you tell it to me?” she asked.
“Of course I will. Someone has to make sure you know the real Elder. I was about five so Elder had to have been a little
over seven. It happened on that big gravel pile by the communal parking area,” I told her.
“I know which one you’re talking about.”
“When we were little, the older pups loved playing King of the Hill on that pile. Of course it was James’ and Elder’s
favourite game to play. And since I wanted to be just like my big brother, I wanted to play as well. Elder told me I was too
young, which really pissed me off, but instead of throwing a tantrum, I used my puppy dog eyes on him. They never failed
and he said I could join them if I were careful. I promised and we had so much fun. I don’t really remember what
happened. I only know I lost my balance and ended up sliding down the entire pile of gravel. By the time I stopped at the
bottom, my hands, knees and chin were scraped and were bleeding. Elder and James were in full panic and thought I had
died. When they saw I was alive, they started fussing. I just stood up and told them I was done playing and wanted to go
home. Elder came with me and when he saw our mother he started bawling his eyes out. It must have been quite the
shock for mom. One child bleeding and the other one crying as if he was about to die. Elder wailed about what a terrible
brother he was and that I had got hurt because of him and he should be the one bleeding, not me. We both ended up
sitting on the kitchen counter, eating ice cream while mom tended to my wounds and dad gave us a talking to about not
scaring our mother like that. Elder never let me go close to that gravel pile ever again, not even when I was a teenager,” I
told Becky.
“That explains why he won’t let Mino near the thing,” she said.
“Aww, that is so sweet,” I said.
Just a heads up: novel5s.com is the only place to read the complete version of this book for free. Don’t miss out on the
next chapter—visit us now and continue your journey!
“Why does he hate the story? It’s a nice one about how much he loves you,” she asked.
“That’s not how he sees it. He sees it as a story about how he failed me.”
“Right, he hates losing control. He thinks if he can control everything, he can make sure no one gets hurt,” Becky said. I
nodded. It was good to know she knew my brother.
“Yeah, he has the biggest heart,” I agreed. We continued to swap stories. Becky showed me a ton of pictures of my
adorable little nephew, and I showed her pictures of Martina and Rose. It was an amazing evening and it was getting dark
as we packed up our things.
“Amie?”
“Yes?”
“I’m about to ask a huge favour of you, and probably a really unfair one,” Becky said.
“We are family, you are allowed to do that,” I told her. She smiled.
“I just want you to know that I’m aware of what I’m asking of you. Before the games are over, could you talk to James?”
“Talk to him?” I asked.
“Yes, just talk. I don’t want you to forgive him, or choose him over your Alpha or anything crazy like that. I just think he
needs a real chance to talk to you. To straighten things out before you reject him and walk out of his life for good,” she
explained.
“I will think about it,” I said.
“Thank you. I like James, and I like him as an Alpha. I would hate for this to mess him up.” I nodded. I thought about it all
the way back to the cabin. It was late by the time I got back, all the windows were black except for the kitchen one. As
soon as I walked in, I could feel Finlay’s scent. I found him sitting at the kitchen table, he had been reading but put his
book down as soon as he sensed me.
“Did you have a good time?” he asked as he saw me.
“I did,” I told him and walked over to where he sat. I showed him the pictures of Armino which Becky had sent to me. “I
have the cutest nephew.” Finlay smiled.
“You do,” he agreed.
Just a heads up: novel5s.com is the only place to read the complete version of this book for free. Don’t miss out on the
next chapter—visit us now and continue your journey!
“How about you? Was it a relaxing evening?” I asked.
“It was. We played Mario cart. I beat Sam,” he told me proudly.
“So you won?”
“I beat Sam,” he said again. I giggled.
“Who won?” I asked.
“Ramses, by two points.” I continued to giggle and sat down next to him.
“Becky asked me for a favour and I think I need to do it,” I told him.
“Is it a secret favour?” he asked after a moment’s silence.
“No. I just don’t know if I will hurt you if I tell you.” I could see the frown on his face.
“Tell me anyway. It will hurt more if I found out from someone else.” I nodded.
“She asked me to talk to James. Not to take him back, or to forgive him. Just to clear the air,” I told him. I could see the
effort it took him not to growl, and I was proud of him for not going with his first reaction.
“I don’t like it,” he said.
“I know.”
“But you are going to do it?”
“I think I am. I feel terrible about it because I know how much you hate the idea. But before all of this, James was my
friend, and even if we will never be as good friends as we used to, I would like to see if we can salvage something. If for
no other reason but because it would make it easier for me to keep in touch with my family. The Eagle Forest pack is a
good pack. It would be nice to have them as allies,” I told him. He gave me a smile which didn’t reach his eyes.
“Don’t feel bad, Red. If you think this is the best thing to do, I trust you have considered all the options. I might not like
###Battle of Fate 66
I knew Finlay was worried about me when I headed off for my girls’ night with Becky. I could only imagine that he feared
James would leap from the bushes or something. Me wanting to stay away from James was why the idea of a picnic had
seemed the best option. We would meet in a neutral part of the woods and not tell anyone except Elder and Finlay the
exact location. It gave us both security and peace of mind to relax. Becky stood waiting for me at our meeting spot, we
both had a basked in one hand.
“How are you feeling?” she asked as we walked the final way to the spot we had selected.
“Fine. It has almost healed completely. I should be as new by the next game tomorrow,” I told her.
“That is good to hear.” There was a pause.
“You don’t have to think about what you say,” I told her.
“Are you sure? I don’t want to just push around and be insensitive when it comes to sore subjects,” Becky told me as we
put the blankets down and started to retrieve the food and wine. I sat down and leaned against a tree.
“I’m sure. This situation is strange for me as well and my connection to James complicates things. But I don’t want it to
come between me and Elder and me and you. We just have to do the best we can and I’m sure there will be some
awkward moments. We will just deal with them. I think it would be worse if we try to tiptoe around things,” I told her.
“Sounds reasonable,” she agreed as she handed me a glass of wine. “So what is going on between you and Alpha
Finlay?” she asked. I almost choked on the wine.
“Wow. You jumped straight in,” I said. She gave me a huge smile.
“Oh, come on. Spill the beans. It’s obvious something is going on. He watches over you like a hawk and that roar he let
out yesterday when you got hurt. Very alpha-mate-viby,” she said. I took and bit down on one of the pierogies I had
helped Matilda make as a way to give myself time to think about my answer. I decided to tell her the truth.
“And now we are in the middle of this mess and I feel guilty because I haven’t rejected James, because I feel like I’m
betraying Finlay. But with the looming threat of a forced reunion of the packs, I just can’t,” I ended my story.
“Wow. So you got here thinking he would find his mate and discovered you had one instead? I can see how that might
mess with you. I don’t envy you, especially not with the way James is behaving,” she told me.
“What do you mean? James has been no trouble at all. Except for what you told us yesterday, thank you for that by the
way, he has stuck to our agreement. I’m guessing because he wants this as much as I do,” I told her. She took a bite out
of a finger sandwich and shook her head.
“That’s because your brother has been telling him to keep away from you.”
“What?”
“Elder thinks that if James did as he wanted, and tried to contact you, it would end in a physical altercation between
James and your Alpha. After seeing how the two of you act around each other and after what you have told me, I agree,”
she said. I looked at her.
“But why? I mean, I can hardly feel the mate bond if I’m not next to him. But you are right. Finlay would not accept him
coming around.” She giggled.
“I don’t think James feels the same way you do about the mate bond. Look, I didn’t know him before all this happened. I
have only known the post-rejection James. The James I know, and like, is a serious wolf which has a hard time relaxing,
even a harder time to drop the Alpha-facade he hides behind. Elder tells me he didn’t used to be like that,” she told me. I
shook my head.
“No. It doesn’t sound like the James I knew. He had a serious side, but mostly he was just confident and carefree. Loved
to joke around. He and Elder could make my life miserable with their stupid pranks,” I told her.
“I have heard some stories,” she said with a grin. “He changed after the rejection. Everyone, including your brother,
thought it was because of how the pack reacted, how much he had to work to earn back their respect. Now, I don’t think
it was because of that. I think he has been regretting his decision all this time but his stupid pride has not let him admit it.
Men. Alpha men, five times as bad. Trust me, my dad was an Alpha and I have four brothers. All have the Alpha-gene.
What I’m trying to say is, now he has you within reach, the bond is still in place and I think James sees it as a chance to
undo the past ten years.”
“But he can’t. They happened,” I insisted.
“I know. I’m with you on that one. I’m just not sure James is. And he has a claim on you through the bond. I think he has
a hard time separating between what he wants to happen and what will happen.”
“What a mess,” I said with a sigh.
“Yeah,” she agreed. We sat in silence for a moment.
“So, when my brother told you all these stories from when we were kids, did he ever tell you about the disaster on gravel
hill?” I asked.
“I don’t think so.”
“Oh you would have remembered if he had. It’s one of my favourite stories about Elder. He absolutely hates it.”
“So, will you tell it to me?” she asked.
“Of course I will. Someone has to make sure you know the real Elder. I was about five so Elder had to have been a little
over seven. It happened on that big gravel pile by the communal parking area,” I told her.
“I know which one you’re talking about.”
“When we were little, the older pups loved playing King of the Hill on that pile. Of course it was James’ and Elder’s
favourite game to play. And since I wanted to be just like my big brother, I wanted to play as well. Elder told me I was too
young, which really pissed me off, but instead of throwing a tantrum, I used my puppy dog eyes on him. They never failed
and he said I could join them if I were careful. I promised and we had so much fun. I don’t really remember what
happened. I only know I lost my balance and ended up sliding down the entire pile of gravel. By the time I stopped at the
bottom, my hands, knees and chin were scraped and were bleeding. Elder and James were in full panic and thought I had
died. When they saw I was alive, they started fussing. I just stood up and told them I was done playing and wanted to go
home. Elder came with me and when he saw our mother he started bawling his eyes out. It must have been quite the
shock for mom. One child bleeding and the other one crying as if he was about to die. Elder wailed about what a terrible
brother he was and that I had got hurt because of him and he should be the one bleeding, not me. We both ended up
sitting on the kitchen counter, eating ice cream while mom tended to my wounds and dad gave us a talking to about not
scaring our mother like that. Elder never let me go close to that gravel pile ever again, not even when I was a teenager,” I
told Becky.
“That explains why he won’t let Mino near the thing,” she said.
“Aww, that is so sweet,” I said.
Just a heads up: novel5s.com is the only place to read the complete version of this book for free. Don’t miss out on the
next chapter—visit us now and continue your journey!
“Why does he hate the story? It’s a nice one about how much he loves you,” she asked.
“That’s not how he sees it. He sees it as a story about how he failed me.”
“Right, he hates losing control. He thinks if he can control everything, he can make sure no one gets hurt,” Becky said. I
nodded. It was good to know she knew my brother.
“Yeah, he has the biggest heart,” I agreed. We continued to swap stories. Becky showed me a ton of pictures of my
adorable little nephew, and I showed her pictures of Martina and Rose. It was an amazing evening and it was getting dark
as we packed up our things.
“Amie?”
“Yes?”
“I’m about to ask a huge favour of you, and probably a really unfair one,” Becky said.
“We are family, you are allowed to do that,” I told her. She smiled.
“I just want you to know that I’m aware of what I’m asking of you. Before the games are over, could you talk to James?”
“Talk to him?” I asked.
“Yes, just talk. I don’t want you to forgive him, or choose him over your Alpha or anything crazy like that. I just think he
needs a real chance to talk to you. To straighten things out before you reject him and walk out of his life for good,” she
explained.
“I will think about it,” I said.
“Thank you. I like James, and I like him as an Alpha. I would hate for this to mess him up.” I nodded. I thought about it all
the way back to the cabin. It was late by the time I got back, all the windows were black except for the kitchen one. As
soon as I walked in, I could feel Finlay’s scent. I found him sitting at the kitchen table, he had been reading but put his
book down as soon as he sensed me.
“Did you have a good time?” he asked as he saw me.
“I did,” I told him and walked over to where he sat. I showed him the pictures of Armino which Becky had sent to me. “I
have the cutest nephew.” Finlay smiled.
“You do,” he agreed.
Just a heads up: novel5s.com is the only place to read the complete version of this book for free. Don’t miss out on the
next chapter—visit us now and continue your journey!
“How about you? Was it a relaxing evening?” I asked.
“It was. We played Mario cart. I beat Sam,” he told me proudly.
“So you won?”
“I beat Sam,” he said again. I giggled.
“Who won?” I asked.
“Ramses, by two points.” I continued to giggle and sat down next to him.
“Becky asked me for a favour and I think I need to do it,” I told him.
“Is it a secret favour?” he asked after a moment’s silence.
“No. I just don’t know if I will hurt you if I tell you.” I could see the frown on his face.
“Tell me anyway. It will hurt more if I found out from someone else.” I nodded.
“She asked me to talk to James. Not to take him back, or to forgive him. Just to clear the air,” I told him. I could see the
effort it took him not to growl, and I was proud of him for not going with his first reaction.
“I don’t like it,” he said.
“I know.”
“But you are going to do it?”
“I think I am. I feel terrible about it because I know how much you hate the idea. But before all of this, James was my
friend, and even if we will never be as good friends as we used to, I would like to see if we can salvage something. If for
no other reason but because it would make it easier for me to keep in touch with my family. The Eagle Forest pack is a
good pack. It would be nice to have them as allies,” I told him. He gave me a smile which didn’t reach his eyes.
“Don’t feel bad, Red. If you think this is the best thing to do, I trust you have considered all the options. I might not like
it, but I also know you aren’t a fickle person. I know your heart belongs to me. I am satisfied with that. For now.”
###Battle of Fate 67
The fifth game day had arrived and I felt more anxious than I had done on the fourth. I was determined to make sure
Amie, and my other pack members were kept safe. I made sure to stay close to Amie as we entered the stadium and
waited for our instructions.
‘Is it just me or are we getting more attention than usual?’ Sam asked after a while. I noticed the same and nodded.
‘I think it’s due to a certain red wolf,’ Ramses told us with a grin. We all looked at Amie.
‘Me?’ she asked.
‘What do you know?’ I asked.
‘I was at one of the social gatherings yesterday,’ Ramses began. We all nodded. It was natural for an unmated wolf to make sure they met as many new wolves as possible when given the chance. ‘I heard a lot of talk about our Beta. They were talking about how irritating she had been, and both her red fur and her agility and speed impressed them all. I would say you have got a lot of new admierers,’ he told Amie. Great, as if one lovesick Alpha wasn’t enough competition.
Now I needed to compete with half of the males around me.
‘It will pass. Someone else will do something and their attention will be on them,” Amie said. I should have known it wouldn’t go to her head. There was some static from the speakers and all of our attention was diverted to the incoming
message.
“Welcome to the fifth game. After today we have reached the halfway point of the games and you should have got used
to things. This game will be performed by every pack separately. We have set up ten identical rooms. Please wait for an
official to call you for your turn. We wish you all luck.” We looked at each other and I relaxed. No one would get hurt. If
they did, it would be because we messed up, and I knew we were better than that.
‘What do you think we will have to do?’ Jake asked.
‘Wrestle crocodiles?’ Sam suggested.
‘No,’ Jake said, then laughed nervously. ‘They wouldn’t do that. Right?’
‘Probably not,’ Ramses agreed.
‘Oh, stop it. No, they won’t make us wrestle wild animals,’ Amie told them.
‘I wouldn’t put it past them,’ I jokingly said. We had barely got comfortable when an official walked up to us. We had
never been called this early before. I didn’t know if it was a bad or a good sign, or just a coincidence. We were led to a
door and told to go inside. The room inside was a sixteen by sixteen feet room. There were things everywhere and my
first instinct was to assume our task was to clean and organise it.
‘It looks like our ‘will be useful someday’ kitchen drawer has become a room,’ Sam said. I chuckled. It was a good
description. The things in the room didn’t have a theme or any logic to why they all should be there. There were balls,
books on different subjects, toys, wood planks, a ladder, paper, bowls, kitchen utensils, tables, chairs, everything in heaps
and piles.
‘If they ask us to clean this mess, I say we give up. I’m fine with taking a penalty point for that,’ Amie said. I was about to
agree when the speaker came to life.
“For your next game, your ive is to create a Rube Goldberg machine. It needs to have a minimum of five
distinguishable stages, and the last one will make the red bell in the right corner of the ceiling ring. You will be judged on
creativity, teamwork and speed. There is no time limitation. If your machine fails to ring the bell, your points will be cut in
half. If you are ready or want to give up, knock on the door. Good luck to you.”
‘They want us to build a machine? Like a robot?’ Sam asked.
‘No. A Rube Goldberg machine,’ Jake said, and he sounded like Christmas had come early.
Just a heads up: novel5s.com is the only place to read the complete version of this book for free. Don’t miss out on the
next chapter—visit us now and continue your journey!
‘Okay?’ I asked. I had no idea what it was we needed to do.
‘Like when you set up dominos and they fall down and end up tripping a marble that falls into a bowl,’ he explained.
‘Mari and I can spend hours building them at home. I tried to get Cade to join us, but he doesn’t see the fun in spending
hours building a thing just to destroy it.” Amie smiled.
“Right. I see videos of those online sometimes. There are a lot of things falling over and in the end it butters your toast or
something,’ Ramses said.
‘Exactly. You can make them super complicated, or really easy.’
‘We needed five stages, so five different things to fall over, or roll or whatever,’ I said.
‘But we get more points for creativity, so let’s add a couple of more stages,’ Amie suggested. Jake happily nodded.
‘Jake, you are our expert, so we will take our lead from you,’ I said. I was happy to turn the leadership over to him for this.
I thought we would spend some time following Jake’s direction and that would be it. I was wrong. After the first fumbling
tries to set up the first stages, we all got into it. We started looking around, finding new things to add, giving new ideas
to each other, debating colour choices. We started having fun. When we ended up using the only ladder as a ramp for
our cookbook domino stage, Amie got onto my shoulders so we could build up to reach the bell in the corner of the
room. When we were happy and took a step back from our build, it looked impressive. I walked up and knocked on the
door.
“Please trigger your machine,” the speaker said. I nodded at Jake, who walked up and blew on a paper. It swung to cover
a fan, which made a pendulum swing back. The pendulum pushed a toy car down a ramp. The toy car bumped a marble
that fell into a funnel. After going round and round a couple of times, the marble dropped onto a plate that stood just on
the edge and tipped it over. The plate pulled a string which dislodged a wedge from below the first cookbook. It tipped
forward, hitting the next cook book and so it continued until the last one. As the last cook book fell on the floor, it hit a wooden spoon. The spoon flipped a switch, turning on a heating gun. It burnt through a string, causing a toy plane tied
to another string to swing forward. Then the toy plane hit the bell and the clear sound was heard, we all cheered.
“Congratulations, Blue mountain pack. You have succeeded with the game. Your time was one hour and thirty-seven minutes. You may join the rest of your pack.” We all smiled at each other. This hadn’t felt like part of the Games, it had
just been fun and relaxing. As we got to the viewing room with the big screens, I could see not all packs had as a relaxing
time as we had. Some seemed to not know what a Rube Goldberg machine was. I didn’t blame them. They were trying to
figure it out, but failing. Others tried to get things in order, but then ended up triggering a part of their machine, causing
it all to trigger and them to have to start over. We were lucky we had Jake who had experience and who had told us to
put in blocks between the stages before we were ready. So when we had triggered a stage accidentally, it hadn’t
triggered the rest.
Just a heads up: novel5s.com is the only place to read the complete version of this book for free. Don’t miss out on the
next chapter—visit us now and continue your journey!
“Good work today, Jake,” I said out loud.
“Thank you, Alpha,” he said and looked proud. I remembered I had doubted Amie’s plan to go with a diverse team on
our second day here. I should have known she would be right. Jake and Amie, two wolves who wouldn’t have been
picked in a team focused on strength, had been very useful and we would have failed, or done a lot worse, without
them.
‘This was fun,’ Amie mindlinked me.
‘It was,’ I agreed as an Alpha on the screen threw a chair at the bell before furiously going over to bang on the door.
“Slow Creek pack gives up. No points will be awarded,” the speaker announced.
‘I feel a little sorry for them. He looks like he is about to lose his mind,’ Amie commented.
‘I have a feeling I would have been the same if Jake hadn’t explained it all to us,’ I confessed.
‘Maybe,’ she said and handed me a bag with roasted nuts. I looked at her. ‘Focus on the screens, this is fun,’ she told me.
‘Really Red? Gloating?’ I asked and started eating.
‘Not gloating. Making the best of the situation. I’m excited to see how that pack does, they seem to have things under
control. That pack doesn’t, but it’s amusing to watch the small temper tantrums their Alpha is throwing.’ I followed her
pointing finger, and she was right. They were all amusing to watch, all for different reaso
###Battle of Fate 68
The playful mood stayed with us into the next day. Sam suggested we all go for a run in the woods and since none of us,
except Amie, had shifted since we got here, we all agreed. As I shifted to my blond wolf, I felt the joy he felt at being free
to run. The fifteen of us stretched our legs in the woods and after an hour of exploring, we found a large meadow with
grass and wildflowers. A brook ran across it and it made me think of our pack land. Amie started a game of tags with Sam
and soon most of the others had joined in. My aunt came to sit next to me as we watched the other wolves zoom across
the meadow.
‘They are having fun,’ she remarked.
‘Yes. It will do them good,’ I agreed. After a while, they seemed to have had enough of playing and went in search of a
good place to rest or went off to hunt a rabbit or two. Amie came walking over to us and sat down next to me. Her
tongue was hanging out and her eyes glowed with happiness.
‘You should have joined us,’ she told me.
‘I had more fun watching,’ I said.
‘Coward, afraid that I would beat you,’ she corrected me. My wolf snorted.
‘In your dreams.’ I could swear she was laughing at me. My aunt rolled her eyes and walked away. Amie found a
comfortable spot in the grass and lay down. I lay next to her and we both looked out over the brook.
‘Take a nap,’ Amie told me in our private link.
‘I don’t do that,’ I said.
‘Nap? Because I have seen you do it.’
‘Nap on unknown land,’ I clarified. She rolled her eyes at me.
‘I will stay awake and keep an eye on things,’ she promised.
‘Why don’t you take a nap and I will keep watch?’
‘Because you always keep watch, you make sure the rest of us can play while you keep us safe. But you need to relax as well. We don’t know what is coming in the next few days. So take this opportunity to relax,’ she insisted.
‘I can relax when we get home.’
‘And you say I am stubborn. Just take a nap, or I will ask Sam to knock you out,’ she said. I was mostly ing because
I liked our banter. I could see she was serious, so I put my head down on my paws and focused on the sound of the wind
in the grass, the warm summer sun and Amie’s scent. I was drifting off before I knew it.
Amie woke me up by gently buffing me with her nose.
‘Time to wake up. I need to get back and help Matilda with dinner,’ she told me. I was trying to shake the sleep from my
brain.
‘You mean help her with lunch,’ I corrected her. I heard a giggle through the mindlink and noticed the sun was in the wrong place in the sky.
‘No, I mean dinner,’ Amie insisted. I sat up and looked around. We were alone.
‘Where are the others? How long did I sleep?’ I asked, trying to get a grip of the situation.
‘Calm down,’ she said and rubbed her head against me. The sensation calmed me and I enjoyed it for a moment,
rubbing my head against her as well. ‘I told the others to go ahead and go back about an hour ago. You were sleeping
and looking so cute I didn’t want to disturb you,’ she told me.
‘I’m not cute. I’m a fearsome wolf. And you should have woken me up.’
‘You are cute, at least when you sleep, and by how soundly you slept, I would say you needed it. Come on, I really need
to get back and help Matilda,’ she told me and nudged me. I got up and we set off toward the cabin. Her wolf was
almost as tall as mine and our steps synced, I made sure to keep close to her. Our fur skimmed each other and I enjoyed
it. We found the spot where our clothes was and shifted back. I took her hand as we walked the last bit. As Amie joined
Matilda and Rania in the kitchen, I found Sam and Jake and we called Medow and Shelly to check up on what was
happening back home. We had been at the game for two weeks and it felt like its own little world. It was easy to lose
focus on the real world. Everything was calm at home. The pack had calmed down after the news of a possible forced
joining with our old pack. Things seem to be calming down all over. I had a good pack and a good inner circle to keep us
on the right track. Dinner was relaxed and jokes were flying across the table. After, we all gathered in front of the TV and watched what had become everyone’s favorite game show. There was a knock on the door and Ramses went to see who
it was.
‘Alpha, it’s your mother,’ he mindlinked me. I frowned and got up. Amie looked at me but I shook my head. My mother
stood just inside the door and Ramses stood at a distance. Giving her space, but not wanting to leave her by herself.
“Thank you,” I told him and he walked away with a nod. “Please, why don’t we sit down in the kitchen. I’ll make you
some tea,” I told my mother.
“Thank you,” she said. She sat at the table while I made her tea and took out some cookies. I joined her at the table and watched as she sipped her tea.
Just a heads up: novel5s.com is the only place to read the complete version of this book for free. Don’t miss out on the
next chapter—visit us now and continue your journey!
“Where is Amie?” she asked. The question took me by surprise.
“She’s watching TV with the others,” I said. My mother hummed.
“I like her,” she said, adding to my surprise.
“She said the same about you,” I told her.
“I heard… rumours about her situation,” she said after some hesitation. I frowned.
“I don’t think it is something we should talk about.” She nodded. “Is that why you came here?” I asked. I was confused by
her showing up and the topic of our conversation didn’t make it easier to understand.
“No. It was just an observation on my part.” She took a deep breath. “I just want you to be happy. As I want Ryan to be
happy.” I nodded.
“Does he know you are here?” I asked.
“Oh, no. No, he thinks I’m taking a walk.” I did my best to not take offence that my own mother needed to sneak out to
see me. “Do you think Amie would mind joining us?” I looked at my mother for a moment. I hated that I suspected some
kind of foul play from her. But I decided my mother wouldn’t have a chance to hurt Amie as long as I was here.
‘My mother has stopped by, she wants to know if you would join us. You don’t have to,’ I mindlinked Amie. It took a
couple of seconds and then she walked into the kitchen with a smile.
“Tamara, how nice to see you again,” Amie said.
“Amie, the pleasure is all mine,” my mother said and stood up. I watched as the two of them hugged and I had a feeling
of being in a parallel universe. Amie sat down next to me. “I asked Finlay to ask you to join because I think you have a
calming effect on him,” my mother said as she sat down.
“I think that is one of the biggest compliments I have got,” Amie told her. “What topic did you have in mind and why would it get Finn riled up?” She had used her nickname for me, she never used it around others usually. I liked it.
Just a heads up: novel5s.com is the only place to read the complete version of this book for free. Don’t miss out on the
next chapter—visit us now and continue your journey!
“The dinner we had the other day was eye-opening to me. It showed me we can get along, despite being in different
packs. Before the dinner, I believed the only way to heal our family was to unite the packs. I was wrong,” my mother said.
By this point I had stopped being surprised by how surprised I became every time she spoke. “I have tried to talk to Ryan.
Tried to tell him he should withdraw his request to the council. I can see now it is only causing the divide between you
two to grow. He is refusing. I couldn’t understand why, I thought he did it because he wanted the same thing I did,” she
confessed.
“But that wasn’t the reason?” Amie asked. My mother shook her head.
“No. After nagging him, he told me the real reason. You know your brother’s thoughts on the ideal wolf and the ideal
pack. He thinks physical strength is the only important virtue. When you left the pack and when a large part of our
members followed you, he didn’t think twice about it. In his mind, it made the pack stronger.”
“Let me guess. He found out even the not so physically strong members of a pack are important?” Amie asked. My
mother gave a weak smile.
“You can put it like that,” she agreed. “Apparently warriors aren’t inclined to cook and clean. They don’t want to sit and
go through the last month’s invoices and expenses. Neither do they enjoy buying food and necessary supplies.”
“What you tell us is Ryan told his warriors they could focus on being strong and fight and then let most of the
supporting pack go. Now the warriors are sulking because they thought being strong meant they didn’t need to do
things they don’t think are fun?” I asked.
“Yes. I knew about the issue, but I didn’t think it was as bad. I thought we were recruiting new members to balance things
up. But Ryan told me today that no one is interested in joining,” my mother said. She was rubbing her hands and I knew
it meant she was seriously worried.
“The reputation has spread. No non-warrior wolf would volunteer to join a pack they know won’t respect them,” Amie
pointed out. My mother nodded.
“So why are you telling this to us?” I asked.
“I think you need to know how desperate your brother is. His warriors are on the verge of rebellion because either they
or their mates have to do all the tasks they don’t want to do. Or, those tasks won’t be done. And he can’t find anyone
else to do them either. He needs your pack. He needs the regular pack members back to build a stable pack.” I had to
take a deep breath and Amie put her hand on my arm. My mother had been right in asking her to join us. I could barely
contain my temper with her trying to calm me.
“My pack is not a quick fix for his poor leadership. My pack is not a slave work force for him to use to keep his warriors
happy,” I hissed.
“I know. But your brother is desperate and at a point where he will try to fix the issue any way he can,” my mother told me.
“Thank you for telling us. It will be easier to handle when we know why. We have both had the feeling there was more to
this than we knew,” Amie said. She still had her hand on my arm, her thumb gently rubbing circles. I focused on her
touch. My mother left shortly after. Amie must have mindlinked Sam and my Aunt because both of them walked into the
kitchen. She got up, poured two glasses of milk and put one down in front of me. I took a deep breath and started to tell
my aunt and Sam what my mother had told us.
###Battle of Fate 69
The walk to the stadium had become a ritual in itself. We walked in silence, all of us focused on the task at hand, the
unknown game we would be playing. Last time it had been easy and fun. None of us expected it to be the same today. When we took our seats, it was ten minutes to nine. Finlay and Sam were on high alert and resembled bobble head
figures as they tried to watch all of the stadium at once.
“Dear packs. We have now passed the halfway mark of the games. Today’s game will be hide and seek,” the speaker’s
voice told us. Our pack perked up. The twice yearly hide and seek competitions were a loved tradition in our pack and we
had our champion with us. “Each pack will designate one or more seekers and one or more hiders. How many in each
role is up to you. The hiders will have a ten minutes’ head start to hide within the designated area. When the seekers are
allowed to start, they will try to find as many of the other packs hiders as possible. When they have found someone, they
will howl and an official will confirm they have found a hider. You will have two hours. When the time is up, every hider
who hasn’t been found will amount to twenty-five additional found targets for their pack. Claws, teeth or any other
violence is not allowed. You have the time until you arrive at the designated area to decide how to divide your pack.”
Everyone stood up and we were escorted to buses.
‘Amie and Jake are the best at hiding, as long as she stays in human form,’ Sam started our discussion.
‘I think I should hide as well,’ Ramses said.
‘It makes sense. If we stay hidden all the way to the end, it will be worth it,’ Jake agreed.
‘It does,’ I agreed as well. ‘You and the Alpha are good seekers,’ I said.
‘So are you,’ Finlay told me.
‘I don’t know if I’m twenty-five finds good,’ I admitted. Everyone nodded. We had a plan. When we walked off the bus,
there was a man noting down who would be hider and who would be seeker. It was the same area as we had been in for
the tag game.
‘Stay in touch with each other via mindlink and stay safe,’ Finlay reminded us before the first signal sounded. I sprinted
off towards an area I remembered had trees, bushes and large boulders. I found a good spot which had me out of sight,
but still allowed me to see in the directions where I guessed most would be coming from. When I hid, I had made sure no
one was around, but as I waited for the second signal and the release of the seekers, another wolf came running. He
looked around and then scaled a tree. I mindlinked Finlay with the information. Not long after the second signal, Finlay
came running, looked up into the tree and howled.
“Confirmed from Alpha Finlay,” a voice said.
‘Stay hidden and keep giving me targets,’ he mindlinked me as he started seeking.
‘Stay safe and don’t fall for any traps,’ I answered. After the talk we had with his mother the evening before, I was
seriously getting paranoid that Alpha Ryan would do something to sabotage us. I was worried his target would be his
brother. After all, it was Finlay who was the glue keeping us together as a pack. Our leader. As time passed, I shifted my
place. Even when doing my best to mask my scent, if I stayed long enough in one spot, it would be detectable. If I moved
on, the scent would lead any seeker to my old spot rather than my new. It also helped, as few seekers looked in the same
spot twice. Which meant it would be safer to move to a spot which had been thoroughly searched. My second hiding
spot served me as well as my first. On occasion I saw someone shift hiding spots and alerted Finlay or Sam. We were
doing well. Neither Jake nor Ramses had been found. It looked as if we would get three bonuses at the end. With almost
forty minutes left, I rotated spots for the second time. I made my way through high grass with the aim for a group of
trees. They were tall, with straight trunks with few branches close to the ground. I saw a way to use the few branches to
reach the higher ones, it would be a great spot. After making sure I was alone, I took a running start and easily jumped
between the branches, ending up on one high above the ground with a dense foliage around me. I found a spot where I
could see the ground below me. Not many minutes passed and then I heard someone coming. I saw Ramses and was
about to mindlink him to let him know I was close by. Then I saw movement and when I looked in the direction, I saw the
Beta in the Ocean shore pack. My heart stopped for a second. Then I told myself to stop being dramatic. The Beta would
howl and Ramses would be out. It was regrettable, but not the worst thing. But the Beta didn’t howl and I wondered
what he was waiting for. When Ramses was almost directly underneath me, I saw the Beta ready to charge him. I shouted
out a warning in a mindlink to Ramses. I saw the look in the Beta’s eyes and I knew he meant business. I mindlinked
Finlay to let him know and jumped down from my position. I shifted in the air. The second it had taken me to mindlink
Finlay, the Beta had charged Ramses. I saw his outstretched hand with extended claws. The only thing saving Ramses was
my warning, which had made him shift his weight to turn around. It made the Beta’s hand miss his throat. Instead, he got
a grip on Ramses’ shoulder. It felt like an eternity to drop down. I heard the joint pop as it dislocated, and then I heard
the crunch of bones breaking and Ramses’ shout of pain. My wolf growled loudly as I landed on the Beta’s chest. His
surprise made him let go of Ramses. My wolf’s instinct was to rip the throat out from the offending wolf who had hurt
her pack member. But I pulled her back. I didn’t want to be disqualified. I made her jump back and stand over Ramses
body. Growling, showing teeth and challenging anyone to get closer. To my surprise, it wasn’t Finlay who showed up first.
Jake was in his wolf form and ran past me to stand in between me and the frustrated looking Beta. Jake growled in a way
that was close to an Alpha’s growl. Impressive. The two of us didn’t let the offending Beta out of our sight. Several
participants had come to see what was going on. Finlay came walking with two council members and his brother.
“What is going on?” on of the council members asked.
“The Beta from the Ocean shore pack attacked me. My shoulder is crushed,” Ramses said. The pain in his voice was clear.
I was still standing over him, not letting him get up or anyone get close.
“Beta?” the council man asked.
Just a heads up: novel5s.com is the only place to read the complete version of this book for free. Don’t miss out on the
next chapter—visit us now and continue your journey!
“I may have nicked him in the heat of the moment,” the Beta said. I growled.
‘Amie,’ Finlay mindlinked me.
‘It wasn’t in the heat of the moment. I saw it. It was planned and he went for the throat,’ I told Finlay. Finlays eyes locked
with mine, I could see his anger. He was trying to hold back and me growling at everyone wasn’t helping him. I stopped
growling, but I didn’t move.
“A clear rules violation. The Beta is out of the game, fifty per cent penalty to the Ocean shore pack,” the council man
announced and his colleague nodded.
“I want to make a formal complaint. According to my Beta this wasn’t an accident. It was premeditated and it was meant
to be a killing blow,” Finlay said.
“That is a serious accusation, Alpha Finlay,” the councilman said.
“And completely false,” Alpha Ryan ed.
Just a heads up: novel5s.com is the only place to read the complete version of this book for free. Don’t miss out on the
next chapter—visit us now and continue your journey!
“Your Beta saw the entire thing?”
“She did,” Finlay said, looking in my direction. The councilmen both followed his look and saw me standing over Ramses,
protecting him. I wasn’t growling, but I wasn’t calm and I felt my lips twitch, showing my canines.
“Right. Tempers are high. We will set a hearing for tomorrow. The injuries is not fatal so the game will continue. All three
of the hiders from the Blue mountain pack has been found, but no one will get a point from it. Fifteen minutes
remaining,” the councilman said and walked away.
‘Go!’ I told Finlay. He needed to find as many in hiding as possible now that we lost all three bonuses. He hesitated. ‘Go,
Jake and I will watch over him until they will let our healer tend to him,’ I insisted. He nodded and set off. I could feel the
anger rolling off both him and Sam. When everyone had left. I sat down next to Ramses and Jake sat on his other side.
“I’m fine. You can go and rest and come back for me when the game is over,” Ramses told us.
‘Shut up and rest,’ I told him.
“Yes, Beta.” Fifteen minutes had never felt as long in my entire life as when I watched over him with Jake’s help.
###Battle of Fate 70
Jake and I stayed in our place until the signal came. It told us the game had ended. A group of our pack members came
running as soon as it sounded. Hugo started looking over Ramses while Matilda handed spare clothes to Jake and me so we could shift back. Finlay and Sam came walking shortly thereafter. Finlay gave me a look and when I nodded to let him
know I was unharmed, he walked over to Ramses. Despite Ramses’ ion, he was placed on a gurney and carried off
to a waiting car. Our pack got a separate car to ride back. Which was probably wise since we all were tightly strung and wouldn’t have done well packed in a bus with other packs. Back at the cabin, we all waited while Hugo and his assistant
took care of Ramses. A letter came from the council, summoning Finlay and me to a meeting at nine the following morning. When Hugo came downstairs, we all turned to him.
“His right shoulder is dislocated and fractured. There are some torn ligaments and deep gashes. I have set the shoulder
and given him healing salves. Now we just need to wait for the healing process to do its part,” he told us.
“Will there be any permanent damages?” I asked.
“There probably will be scars left by the claws. If he takes time and let it heal before using the shoulder, he should make a
full recovery. But if he is stubborn and refuses to listen to me, there might be some remaining mobility issues,” he
answered. It was clear by the way he said it, he and Ramses had already discussed the topic.
“How long will he need to recover?” Finlay asked.
“It’s hard to say right now. It might be fine in a day. It might require a week. I will know more tomorrow,” Hugo said.
Finlay nodded.
“Is it okay to go up and see him?” I asked.
“Please do, and try to talk some sense to him,” Hugo said. Finlay and I walked upstairs. Ramses made an effort to sit up
in his bed.
“Stay down. If it makes you feel better, you can see it as an order,” Finlay told him. Ramses grinned as he relaxed back.
“Hugo has already talked to you,” Ramses determined.
“He has. There is no shame in resting after an injury,” I told him. Both he and Finlay gave me a look, telling me I wasn’t
the right person to talk about being a model patient. They had a point.
“I will be ready to join in the next game,” Ramses told Finlay. Finlay nodded.
“We will take it one day at the time. Your first and foremost duty right now is to rest and regain your health,” Finlay told
him and placed a hand on his uninjured shoulder.
“Yes, Alpha.”
“The others want to come and see you as well. We will send them up in smaller groups. If you feel too tired, just let us
know,” I said.
“Thank you, Beta,” he said. Finlay, Sam and I sat at the kitchen table.
“What do we do about this?” I asked.
“Tell us what happened,” Sam said. So I did, in as much detail as I could remember.
“First step is to talk to the council tomorrow,” Finlay said. Both Sam and I nodded.
“We should also make sure no one walks around on their own. I don’t think anyone is stupid enough to do something in
the open. But I would rather be safe than sorry,” Sam said. We all agreed.
“That goes for the games as well. From now on, our strategies will be based on groups. No one is to be left alone,” Finlay
added. My phone chirped and I looked at it. It was a message from my dad.
“What’s up?” Finlay asked.
“My dad has called for a family meeting,” I told him. “I will just let him know I can’t make it.”
“Go,” Sam told me.
“There is nothing we can do right now, anyway. Take the call and we will let you know if we need you,” Finlay agreed. I
walked up to my room and joined the group call. My mom was in my fathers lap and Elder had his arm around Becky in
the other window. I felt an intense longing to have Finlay with me and an unusual bitterness that I couldn’t show my love
freely. I plastered on a smile to hide my jealousy.
“Good, everyone is here,” my dad said. “Amie, your mother and I had to hear from your brother you had been injured the
other day, and now another of your pack was injured today. You need to tell us these things young lady,” he told me with
a stern look. I knew I was in trouble when he used my name.
“Dad, it was just a couple of scratches, nothing worth talking about,” I tried to and glared at Elder. “And yes, one
of my pack members was injured today. I just haven’t had a chance to actually call anyone and talk about it. I’m the Beta
of the pack, I need to make sure they are okay.”
“Armeria, I don’t care if it’s just a bee sting, you will tell your father and me if you get hurt,” my mom said. I felt like I was
a child again, getting scalded.
“Yes mom.”
“Good. We are happy you are not seriously hurt, pumpkin. How is your pack member?” my dad asked.
“He’s seriously hurt, but he will recover. Thank you for asking.”
“I’m happy he will be okay. But the situation is worrying. Are you in danger?” my dad asked.
“Dad, we are in the middle of the games. All participants are in danger,” Elder said. My dad huffed and looked at us with
expecting eyes.
“I don’t know. We are trying to figure it out. But we are taking precautions to stay safe,” I told him.
“Good, good. I have only heard good things about your Alpha, I’m choosing to trust him for now. Elder, son, I shouldn’t
need to say this, but just because your sister is in another pack doesn’t mean you shouldn’t keep her safe.”
“Dad!” I ed.
“I know, dad. I’m on it,” Elder calmly told him.
“I’m all grown up. I can take care of myself,” I said.
“Families take care of each other. Don’t fuss,” my mom told me.
“Yes, mom.” I really felt like a child again.
“Are the council taking action?” Dad wanted to know.
“We have filled a formal complaint and they have called for a hearing tomorrow,” I told him. He nodded.
“Stay calm, tell the truth and remember they don’t base their judgment on emotions,” he said.
Just a heads up: novel5s.com is the only place to read the complete version of this book for free. Don’t miss out on the
next chapter—visit us now and continue your journey!
“Thanks, dad. We will remember it.” We talked a while longer and then ended the call. I took a moment to reflect on it
before heading downstairs again. I realised I was out of practice. I wasn’t used to having my family who would need to
know things. My family had become the wolves around me, and since most of them knew the things that happened to me the moment it happened. The need to share information was low. I needed to do better. As I walked out of my room, I
tried to mindlink Ramses to see if he needed anything. I couldn’t reach him so I cracked open his door a little. He was
sound asleep and next to his bed, Matilda sat on a chair, knitting.
‘Do you need something?’ I mindlinked her.
‘I’m fine. Raina will make dinner tonight,’ she answered. I nodded and closed the door. As Raina had started making
dinner, Sam and Finlay had moved out to the sundeck to continue their discussions. I joined them.
“Ramses is asleep and your aunt is watching over him,” I told them as I took a seat.
“Everything okay with your family?” Finlay asked.
“Yeah. I just got scolded for not reporting regularly enough and my dad gave some good advice for the meeting
tomorrow.” I told them about my dad’s advice and we discussed different approaches we could take. When we ate
dinner, the mood was sombre, but as I saw the plate we had sent up with food, coming down empty, I felt hopeful. If he was well enough to eat, there was hope. After dinner, Finlay took me to the side.
‘Maybe it’s time for you to step to the side. Accept the rejection and you won’t be a participant any longer,’ he
suggested in a mindlink.
‘You are lucky I like you, Alpha. Or I would have had to knee you in your private parts for saying something like that. Are
you telling me I’m too weak?’ I answered him. Staring daggers.
‘No! Amie, you know I don’t think you are weak. You are one of the strongest wolves I know. But I’m going insane here.
You have already been hurt and things are only looking worse. I can’t do anything to protect you and it’s fucking scaring me to death.’ My anger disappeared as quickly as it had appeared. I stepped up to him and wrapped my arms around his
waist, and leaned my head on his shoulder. His arms closed around me.
‘I’m sorry. I get you are worried. I am too. If they are going after someone, it would make sense to go after you. I can’t
step out of the games. We may already be one member short, and if I accept the rejection now, it won’t just take me out.
It will take James out as well. Which isn’t fair. And you know it,’ I told him. I could feel his sigh by the rising and falling of
his chest.
‘Why do you need to be so fucking perfect? Would it kill you to be selfish for once?’ I smiled.
‘Probably not, but why risk it? Perfect has worked well so far. And I’m not perfect. I have a strong urge to maim and kill at
the moment. But this is helping to keep it at bay,’ I confessed.
‘Don’t even talk about it. I’m wondering how I’m going to look at my brother’s Beta tomorrow without ripping his throat
out. I think the council would frown on it if I did.’
‘They would,’ I agreed. ‘They’re no fun. But you didn’t give in to those emotions last time we were there, or with James.
So I think you will do good.” He huffed and the puff of air tickled my ear.
###Battle of Fate 71
I wasn’t prepared for the raw anger I felt as I saw the Ocean shore’s Beta. In my mind I saw him attack Ramses and my wolf wanted his blood. I made sure to keep a distance from Finlay. I was convinced he was just as angry and the risk was I would start a loop of anger if I touched him. The last thing we needed was feeding our anger. We needed to keep a cool
head. We were standing in the room we had been in when discussing the reunion of the packs. Alpha Ryder and his Beta
stood at their pulpit and I forced myself to focus on something else.
“Alpha Finlay, you have asked for a formal complaint to be made due to the incident in the game yesterday. The report we have got from the field is that Ocean shore’s Beta attacked a member of the Blue mountain pack. The injuries were of
a serious manner, but not lethal. Beta Karo claims it was in the heat of the moment. The Beta from Blue mountain was a
witness to the incident and claims there was intent behind the attack. Is this a fair summary of why we are here?” the
head of the council asked.
“Yes,” both Finlay and his brother answered.
“At least we agree on some things. Good. Then let’s start from there. Beta Karo, please tell us what happened.”
“Thank you. I was selected to be one of the seekers for my pack. The game had been ongoing for about an hour and a
half and I had had great success in finding hidden wolves. I saw the member of the Blue mountain pack when he shifted
hiding spots. I wanted to make sure he was a hider, not a seeker, so I followed him. When I was going to howl to mark my
find, my hunting instincts took over. I’m sorry he got hurt, but my wolf is strong and his instincts are pure,” the Beta said.
“And you tried to catch him?” a council member asked.
“Yes. I grabbed his shoulder and my claws extended.”
“Thank you. Beta Armeria, we believe your opinion on the given situation is different, is it?” the head of the council
asked.
“Yes, it is,” I confirmed.
“Please tell us your view on the matter.”
“I had just switched hiding spots when I heard someone coming. I realised it was Ramses, the now injured wolf. Almost at
the same time I saw the Beta from Ocean shore. He saw Ramses and I thought he was going to howl. Instead, he started
to run towards my pack member. His intention was clear. I mindlinked Ramses and then my Alpha as I jumped down to
help Ramses. During the time it took me to land, the Beta had attacked Ramses. If it hadn’t been for my warning which
made Ramses turn, the Beta”s claws would have gone around the throat and Ramses would have been dead. When Beta
Karo got a hold of Ramses’ shoulder, he didn’t let go. I could hear the joint pop and I heard the bones crunching and still
he didn’t release my pack member. It wasn’t until my wolf landed on his chest that he let Ramses go.” I glared at the Beta
and then looked away. “I would like to point out that instinct is a poor excuse for such a long assault. My instinct was to
rip the Beta’s throat out the second I landed on his chest. I could have, he didn’t see me coming. I didn’t. Because my wolf’s instincts don’t drive me. I am in control of my wolf, not the other way around. I backed off and protected my wounded pack mate.”
“Where were you hiding?” a council member asked.
“In the tree above where the incident happened.”
“How high up?” the head of the council wanted to know.
“Approximately sixteen feet above ground,” I told him.
“And you jumped down?”
“My pack mate was in danger. And the Beta cushioned the impact,” I said. I saw a couple of council members smile.
‘Really? Are you trying to piss him off?’ Finlay mindlinked me.
‘If he comes after me I can claim self defence and go at him,’ I replied.
‘You and that temper of yours is going to be the death of me.’
Just a heads up: novel5s.com is the only place to read the complete version of this book for free. Don’t miss out on the
next chapter—visit us now and continue your journey!
‘Have to live up to my reputation as a redhead.’ I could feel the strength it took for him not to roll his eyes.
“The Blue mountain pack allowed one of our healers to examine the wounded wolf. Healer Amir, could you give your
report?” the head of the council asked.
“Of course. I examined the wolf in question. He is healing, but the wounds are clearly supporting Beta Armeria’s version
of the event. The claw marks start at the base of his neck, like they would if the target was the throat rather than the
shoulder. The shoulder has ligament tears which indicates a dislocation and the bone has been put under enough force
to splinter it. If this was instinct driven, the wolf causing the damages has little to no control of his inner wolf and has no
place taking part in the game,” the healer told the council.
“Alpha Finlay, what is your demand of the Ocean shore pack if we find this was a planned attack?” the head of the council
asked.
“I would ask the council recognises this as evidence of how dishonest the Ocean river pack is. and by recognising this,
you would revert the former decision regarding a forced reunion of our packs. I would also like to see some punishment
beyond the fifty per cent point reduction. Due to their pack members actions, one of our participants may not be able to
participate in the rest of the games. This puts us at a disadvantage. All our hiders were also revealed as they came to their
pack mates aid,” Finlay said.
“We will consider all of this and make a decision.” We were let out of the council chamber. This time, both Finley and I
had a hard time sitting still. Instead we took to wandering around the waiting area. Alpha Ryan and his Beta stood
looking at each other, probably mindlinking. It didn’t take the council more than half an hour to call us back inside.
“Thank you for your patience. The council have decided Beta Karo did attack the wolf Ramses with intent to cause harm,”
the head of the council stated. I was relieved. At least they didn’t dismiss it. “There is no evidence this was a
premeditated strategy which involved more members of the pack than Beta Karo. We therefore can’t accept the first
suggestion from Alpha Finlay. Our former decision stands.”
‘It was worth a try,’ I mindlinked Finlay.
‘I was hoping they would go for it,’ he replied.
Just a heads up: novel5s.com is the only place to read the complete version of this book for free. Don’t miss out on the
next chapter—visit us now and continue your journey!
“We do think there should be additional punishments for the pack. If a Beta has so little control they attack another
pack’s members in the game, it needs to be made an example of. Beta Karo is banned from the game, from today and for
the rest of his life. He may not be a participant and he may not be support staff. We are also placing the Ocean shore
pack on notice. One more morally dubious decision or action and the pack will be disqualified from this year’s game. This
is the council’s decision.” We bowed and left the chamber.
‘It went better than I feared,’ I told Finlay.
‘It did. Being on notice will make my brother think twice. I think it was the best outcome we could hope for,’ he agreed.
‘I have to report back to dad when we get back home. Or else he will call me and use my name and I will feel like I’m five
and got caught stealing cookies,’ I told him. Finlay chuckled. ‘And I’m going to ask Elder to set up a meeting with James
on our next day off,’ I added. Finlays chuckle died.
‘Are you sure I shouldn’t join you?’
‘I’m sure. I’m thinking we should use a place in the communal area. Safe and private. I want this over with so when the
games are over, I can end this with as little drama as possible.’ There was a pause as we continued walking to the cabin.
‘It feels like you had more to say,’ Finlay said. I sighed.
‘Yesterday, seeing my mom with dad and Elder with Becky, I felt jealous they had the person they love with them, as I was
there alone despite you being just downstairs. I hate the feeling of having to hide. At the same time my core rejects the
idea of being open about my feelings to you while being mated to someone else. I’m just tired of being confused,’ I
admitted.
‘Amie,’ the mindlink from him was soft, like a caress. ‘I don’t like it either. I want to be able to growl at everyone that
looks at you the wrong way, I want to be able to bring you to family dinner without having to explain why. And we will
have it. But you are right. We can’t have it as long as one of us is bonded to someone else. Our time will come. And once
it does, I will never let you go. You will be sick and tired of me, because I will follow you wherever you go,’ he promised me. I stopped walking and smiled at him.
‘I will remind you of that promise,’ I told him
###Battle of Fate 72
“I am going.” Ramses stood fully dressed, ready to walk to the stadium with us for the seventh game.
“Ramses,” I said.
“No. I’m fine. My shoulder doesn’t hurt, I’m a little stiff, but it won’t stop me. It’s better we use me at eighty percent than we are a wolf short,” he insisted. I was about to order him back to bed when Amie put her hand on my arm and stepped
in between us.
“Ramses, we are just worried about the long recovery. You are needed here. Your contribution to the games has been
undeniable. Just remember that in ten days we will be going home. We need you just as much back home, if not more.
Should we risk your health for the rest of your life?” Amie asked.
“I promise you, Beta, I can do this. I know my body and it will be able to handle this.” Amie sighed.
“How about you come with us and when we hear what the game is, we decide if you sit it out or not?” she suggested.
“Yes,” he agreed. She looked at me. I nodded. It seemed like a good compromise. If we were lucky it would be a game
where we would need to use our brains. We all headed towards the stadium and took our seats. My brother’s group was
one man short. His Beta was no were to be seen and I relaxed a little.
“It’s time for the next game. It will be played by all packs at once. It’s a scavenger hunt taking place in the arena. Each
member of your team will need to bring an to the guards manning the main gate. If the matches the secret
criteria, the wolf will be free to leave. If an has been used and accepted, it can’t be used again. You will have two
hours to get as many of your pack members out of the stadium as possible. We will not tell you the criteria for the ,
you will have to figure that out by using deduction. Good luck. Your time starts now,” the speaker’s voice told us. We all
jumped up. There were people already heading for the main gate. We all tried to see what they were presenting to the
guards.
‘The flag got denied,’ Sam said.
‘As did the apple and the bottle,’ Amie said.
“Oh, she got through,’ Jake excitedly pointed out.
‘Did you see what she gave them?’ I asked.
‘It looked like a spoon.’
‘Someone tried a fork and it was denied,’ Ramses said.
‘This will be tricky. We need to start to collect things,’ I said.
“We need to keep an eye on the items that have been passed. We need to narrow down what we are looking for,’ Sam
told us.
‘No one is left alone,’ I reminded them.
‘That is not the best tactic. If we split up in two teams we will immobilise at least two people who can’t move around as we need to watch the entrance,’ Jake said.
‘I would rather do that than see someone else get hurt,’ I told him.
‘I can stay by the exit. There are lots of guards there, no one will dare attack me,’ he insisted. I looked at Amie for help.
‘I think he has a point,’ she said.
‘I hate it, but I agree,’ Sam told me. Ramses nodded.
‘Fine. Ramses and Sam, you go to the south end and start looking for things you might think will do the trick. Amie and I
will escort Jake as close to the exit as we can get and then go to the north end,’ I agreed. ‘Keep reporting back to us what works and what doesn’t,’ I told Jake as we walked him to take his position.
‘Yes, Alpha.’ I scoffed. They all forgot to call me Alpha when they opposed my plan, but remembered as soon as I gave in.
Secretly I liked it. I liked that my pack members had respect for me, but didn’t fear me and dared to tell me when they
thought I was wrong. After dropping Jake off, Amie and I started searching the stadium. It was hard when we had no clue
what we were looking for.
‘A sweatshirt was denied, as was a t-shirt and rose. A peeler was let through as was an ice cream,’ Jake reported.
‘Kitchen things?’ Sam asked.
‘No, the fork was turned down,’ Amie reminded him.
‘There doesn’t seem to be any packs who have figured it out. Everyone just shows up with random s,’ Jake told us. We continued to look for things, but the list Jake was giving us just made us more and more confused.
‘What the fuck does a violin has in common with a potato?’ Ramses growled in our mindlink. I understood his confusion
and frustration.
‘Oh, I think I got it,’ Jake said. We were about an hour into the game and I prayed to the moon goddess he had figured it
out. ‘I was noting down the items that had let people leave on a piece of scrap paper I had with me,’ he told us. I had to
chuckle, it was just so Jake.
‘What did you find?’ Amie asked.
Just a heads up: novel5s.com is the only place to read the complete version of this book for free. Don’t miss out on the
next chapter—visit us now and continue your journey!
‘All the items have two vowels that are the same. They don’t need to be right after each other, or even in the same word,
as long as both are part of the name for the . Like potatoe has two O’s, and ice cream has two E’s.’ He read
through his list and it seemed to be correct.
‘Jake, my man, you are a genius!’ Sam exclaimed.
‘Let’s find items that have two of the same vowels. Once you found something, mindlink to Jake and he will check on his
list to make sure it hasn’t been used,’ I told them.
‘I have popcorn,’ Sam announced.
‘Not taken,’ Jake said.
‘I have a mushroom,’ Ramses told us.
‘How did… You know what, never mind,’ I said.
‘Not used,’ Jake added.
‘Necklace,’ Amie said.
‘Not used.’
‘Two to go,’ I told them. We searched the stadium. Suddenly, Amie stopped and smiled. She pointed at something. I
sighed, just my luck.
‘Condoms,’ I linked as I picked up the package of condoms that lay on top of a power box.
‘Not taken,’ Jake let me know.
“At least they are extra large,” I said to Amie. She giggled.
‘Jake, do you have more scrap pieces of paper?’ she asked him.
Just a heads up: novel5s.com is the only place to read the complete version of this book for free. Don’t miss out on the
next chapter—visit us now and continue your journey!
‘Sure, do you need to write something down?’ he asked.
‘No. But take out the biggest one and when you give it to the warrior, tell them it’s a sheet of paper,’ she told him.
“Brilliant,” I said. We all started to move towards the exit.
‘Fin,’ Amie mindlinked me when we got close and I heard the worry in her voice. I followed her gaze and saw a warrior
from my brother’s pack try to sneak up on Jake. I felt my blood boil with anger. Had they no shame? How desperate were
they to be pulling something like it so close to a group of council guards? I couldn’t hurt him. He had done nothing wrong, yet. And I refused to wait for him to harm one of my pack members just to get the satisfaction of dealing with the
situation like I wanted to. “Jake! Jake, over here!” Amie called out and threw one hand in the air and waved. Almost
everyone around us turned to look at either Amie or at Jake who awkwardly waved back at her. Since everyone was
communicating via mindlink except for the one presenting items to the warriors, her outburst stood out. Goddess I loved
that woman. All the attention made it impossible for the warrior to do anything to Jake and he slunk away into the crowd.
Sam and Ramses soon caught up with us.
‘Let’s do this,’ I said. Ramses went first.
“Mushroom,” he told the warrior. The warrior took it and nodded and let him pass.
“Popcorn,” Sam said. Another nod and he walked out.
“Sheet of paper,” Jake said. As he passed the warrior as well, I nudged Amie. I would not let her be left alone on the
inside if something didn’t work. She walked forward while doing something at the base of her neck.
“Necklace,” she said, holding out the necklace I had got her for her birthday. I grinned. The warrior nodded. “Would you
be so kind as to give it back?” she asked.
“Oh, sure,” he said and handed it back to her. She walked past the control and it was my turn.
“Condoms,” I said and handed the warrior in front of me the package. He did his best not to laugh as he gestured for me
to walk past him. I should have made Sam trade items with me.
“Do you want to keep them?” the warrior called after me. I just ignored him. Even if I could have use for them, I wouldn’t
use condoms I found laying around and I had a small piece of self worth left.
“Don’t sulk. We all made it out,” Amie told me as I joined the other.
“With half an hour to spare,” Sam said. I had to smile.
“That is good news. Let’s find the others.”
###Battle of Fate 73
It was our day off and we had spent most of the morning and afternoon doing some light training in one of the
communal training rooms. Sam had us do some wrestling and hand to hand combat on the matts. Both as a way to make
sure we could protect ourselves, but also as there hadn’t been any real contact game yet. We all felt it was coming. As
Sam was happy for the day, we took a moment to rest and drink water.
“Amie and I will put away the matts, you can all head home and shower before dinner,” Finlay told everyone. I had no
idea why he had volunteered us for clean up duty, but I didn’t mind. We started to put the matts away as the others left.
“Still going to this meeting tonight\`” he asked me. I sighed.
“Yes. And no, I still don’t think you should come. I will be fine,” I told him and saw him frown. Elder had set up a meeting
with James. He had also offered to be there, as had Becky. I had told everyone the same thing. James and I needed to talk
and it wouldn’t be possible with anyone else there. I was prepared for Finlay to argue with me. What I wasn’t prepared
for was for him to press me up against the wall. His half naked, sweaty body pressed in on mine and his wood scent
stronger than ever surrounded me. He looked into my eyes for what felt like an eternity.
“I hate this. I hate that I need to let you do this,” he told me before lowering his head down. I felt him placing kisses
along my neck and my body reacted by turning my head to give him full access. I couldn’t focus on anything but his lips
against my skin. “Red,” he growled and the vibrations travelled all across my body.
“Finn,” I sighed. My hand took a grip on his hair. I held him to me, needing him close. He took a steady grip on my ass
and lifted me from the floor. Letting me wrap my legs around him. His lips stopped kissing my neck and I wanted to curse
at him for stopping.
“When you walk into that room today I want you to have my scent all over you. He will know I’m staking my claim to you
and you will remember the feeling of my teeth against your skin,” he told me in a low, dark voice. Before I had a chance
to reply, he dragged his teeth along my neck and it brought me to the edge of climaxing. He lingered over the claiming
spot and bit down a little harder. He didn’t use his sharp teeth and he didn’t break the skin, but the meaning was clear. I
struggled to regain my ability to think about anything other than stripping Finlay naked and climbing him.
“You do know I will shower before I meet him, right?” I said as I got back control of my brain. Finlay chuckled against my
skin.
“I know, Red. That is why I’m rubbing myself all over you. I’ll make sure my scent stays on you even if you take ten
showers. Will you be able to get my body against yours out of your mind?” he asked. I could hear the smirk in his voice.
“No. You are giving me quite an impression, and I don’t know how long I’ll be able to hold back,” I admitted. He
hummed and the vibrations against my skin made me shiver.
“I’m on the brink myself. My wolf is pushing me hard. We both know we have to wait a little longer, but I won’t just let
you go to him without making sure you know where I stand. You are mine, Red. I don’t fucking care about mate bonds or
what happened in your past. You are mine because you chose to be, I won’t give up my claim. Promise me you will
remember it when you talk to that fucking Alpha.” I pulled on his hair and he looked up at me.
“I could never forget. Don’t forget I have a claim on you as well.” I pulled his head to the side and mirrored how he had
run his teeth along my neck. “If I am going to be thinking about your body and teeth, it’s only fair for you to think about
mine, too,” I whispered to him.
“Fuck, Red,” he growled and rolled his hips against me. I could clearly feel I had the same effect on him that he had on
me. I knew I could only hold off so much longer before I would shred his clothes.
“Now let me down, love. I need to shower before dinner or we will have to answer a lot of questions from the pack,” I
told him.
“I don’t think we are fooling any of them,” he told me, but he gently placed me on the floor.
“Maybe,” I agreed. We took a moment to calm down and then walked back. Both me and my wolf hesitated as I was
about to get into the shower. I needed to shower. I had been training all day and was covered in both my own and
Finlay’s sweat. I couldn’t go down and eat dinner like this, and going to meet James like this would be even worse. I
sighed and stepped into the shower.
After dinner I got ready to leave. It had taken a lot of arguing for me to walk over to the communal building on my own. I
needed the time to get ready mentally, but we still had the general rule that no one should walk around alone. In the
end, Finlay and Sam had given in, but as they both watched me put my plate away, I felt how much they both hated it.
Just a heads up: novel5s.com is the only place to read the complete version of this book for free. Don’t miss out on the
next chapter—visit us now and continue your journey!
‘I will be fine,’ I mindlinked them.
‘Keep your link open, and if anything, even the smallest leaf, seems to be out of place. You will let us know,’ Sam told me.
I nodded.
‘Let us know when you are done and we will get you,’ Finlay insisted.
‘Yes, Alpha,’ I said.
‘I will be waiting,’ he told me in our private link.
‘I will not be longer than I need,’ I said before telling everyone I was going. As I walked the short way to the room where
I would meet James. I took the time to check in with my wolf. I wanted to make sure she was okay with what was
happening. I could feel a slight confusion from her. She recognised the bond to James and her instinct told her what a mate should be. What confused her were my memories of the pain he had caused me and both of our feelings that Finlay
and his wolf were the ones we wanted to spend the rest of our life with. She was confused why our bond wasn’t with
Finlay, as it seemed to be the natural order. To my relief, she was just as certain as I was about rejecting James. She was
too proud to ever acknowledge him as her mate. My wolf wanted a strong mate, someone with compassion and who
made us laugh. Finlay was all of that. I had reached the communal building and saw my brother standing outside of it.
“Hi,” I said and smiled.
Just a heads up: novel5s.com is the only place to read the complete version of this book for free. Don’t miss out on the
next chapter—visit us now and continue your journey!
“Hi. How are you doing?” he asked.
“As good as I can. I’m not looking forward to this, but I think it is for the best,” I told him. He nodded.
“If it means anything, I think he is taking this seriously. He really wants to work this out,” he said. He discreetly scented
the air. I smiled, Finlay had been right in thinking not all of his scent would be washed away.
“It’s sweet of him in a way, but it’s too late. Thank you for arranging it.”
“Do you want me to stay? I will stand in the corner, not making a sound,” he offered for the hundredth time.
“That’s creepy. I will be fine,” I promised.
“And my Alpha?” he asked. I smiled.
“I will make sure you get him back in one piece. I’m not going to be cruel, I’m not out for revenge, Elder. I just want to
see if we can salvage some part of our friendship and give us both the closure we need,” I said.
“I know, little sister. I wish you the best of luck.” He bent forward and placed a kiss on my forehea
###Battle of Fate 74
I opened the door to the room that had been booked for us. It was almost the same as the room where we had dinner
with Finlay’s family. James was standing on the other end of the room, looking out of a window. He turned around as he
heard the door open. He looked tired but when he saw me he smiled.
“Amie. I was surprised, but happy, when Elder told me you wanted to talk,” he said. I walked inside and closed the door
behind me.
“I think it is about time we had a talk.” He walked towards me and I had to suppress my instinct to turn around and run
away. He noticed my hesitation and stopped. I could see a small twitch in his hands, but he showed them into his
pockets. This wasn’t awkward at all.
“Why don’t we sit down?” he suggested. I nodded and took a seat at the small round table. I appreciated him sitting
down across from me and not next to me. “It’s been a long while since we talked,” he said.
“It has,” I agreed. “How is it to be Alpha?” He gave me a grin which reminded me of his younger self. It was nice to see
that part of him still existed.
“A lot of hard work, there is always something which needs to be done,” he said.
“And you love it.”
“I do. It feels right,” he admitted.
“Good. I always knew you would be a good Alpha, just like your father,” I told him. Like with Elder, it was easy to slip back
into how we used to talk. James’ smile faltered.
“How about your injury?” he asked.
“It was not really bad enough to be called an injury. It has healed and it won’t even leave a scar,” I told him.
“Unlike that,” he said, looking at my shoulder. It was hot outside and I had worn an oversized t-shirt. It had slipped down
over my shoulder and the scar left from my injury I had received during the attack on the pack was visible. I shrugged.
“Who was the one who hurt you?”
“During the game or who caused my scar?” I asked.
“Both.”
“The one who caused the scar is dead. For the one during the game, it was just as much my fault. I was annoying and
provoking him to the point of him losing control. He got his punishment from the council,” I said. James chuckled.
“You always knew how to provoke someone. Fuck you could be annoying,” he said. I laughed.
“I am good at it,” I agreed.
“Tell me his name and pack and I will make sure he knows he should control himself in the future,” James told me and
turned serious.
“No need. It’s not a big deal and if my pack can live with it, so can you,” I insisted. He looked at me for a long time.
“I’m sorry for what I did to you. I shouldn’t have rejected you,” he said. So much for easing into it.
“Thank you,” I said. He sighed and looked down at his hands.
“I was scared.” His confession took me off guard. It wasn’t at all what I was expecting.
“Of what?” I asked. He looked up at me with a sad smile.
“Of not being able to be the mate you deserved, that everyone expected you to have. My father, your father, uncle Jonas,
even the rest of the pack, they all loved you and wanted you to have the perfect mate. When I stepped out of the wood
that night and I saw you standing there, so perfect, more beautiful than anyone I had seen, I got scared I could never be
what you deserved,” he told me. I was stunned into silence. It was like reading a new version of a book you knew by
heart. He kept looking at me, expecting me to give him a reply.
“So you thought the right thing to do was to call me weak?” I asked. It wasn’t the best response, but it was the first thing
to pop into my brain. I saw pain in his face.
“I know it was cruel. But I didn’t belive what I said. I was grasping for straws and once I had said it, I couldn’t take it back.
After that, I just had to go with it.” I shook my head at his explanation.
“Did you ever stop to think about what those words did to me?” I asked. He looked down on his hands again.
“I know my rejection hurt you,” he said.
“I’m not talking about the rejection, but yes, that hurt. I’m talking about you calling me weak, telling me I was no good
without a wolf. That was worse than the rejection. You told me I had no worth. I hid away for four years, on my own
amongst humans, because I believed you. I believed I had no value to a pack,” I told him. He paled.
“Amie! No! That was never my meaning. I never meant for you to think so low of yourself. I was weak and afraid, but I
have changed. Now I see how right we are for each other. I know I can be the mate you deserve and I will spend the rest
of my life proving it to you if you just give me the chance.” I looked at him.
“It’s too late for that, James.” I sighed. “It’s easy for you to say all those things to me now. I’m strong, I’m confident, I’m
what you would look for in a Luna. But what would happen if I got injured? If I become weak again? Would you still feel
the same way, or would you turn your back on me again?”
“I will always be by your side,” he ed.
Just a heads up: novel5s.com is the only place to read the complete version of this book for free. Don’t miss out on the
next chapter—visit us now and continue your journey!
“I don’t trust you enough to believe it. James, we were friends before all of this, and I would like to think some of that
friendship remains, but your action has consequences. I can’t trust that you have my back when I need it. I can’t accept a mate I can’t trust,” I told him.
“Amie, that is harsh. You know how much I take pride in keeping my word,” he said.
“It is, but so was rejecting me without even giving me a chance. I’m not trying to punish you, or get even. I’m telling you
how I feel.”
“What about your wolf? She must be driving you to accept the bond. Mine is, he has been since the day I rejected you. At
one point he even refused to come forward unless I was in need of him,” he told me. I felt sorry for him. I could only
imagine how it would feel to be at odds with your own wolf. Since mine came to me, we had never had a difference of
opinion and it was a comfort to know she always had my back.
“I’m sorry. That sounds terrible. My wolf isn’t driving me, not to accept the bond at least. She doesn’t trust you either. My
memories of the rejection are making her distrust you and your wolf.”
“She has not even met my wolf. Please, we can go for a run. Let them get to know each other. I saw you during the hide
and seek game. Your wolf… I have never seen a wolf like her, my wolf is desperate to meet her.”
“James. It’s too late. We have no need or want to run with you.” I took a moment to gather my emotions. “James, I didn’t
ask for this meeting to try and fix things between us. There is no fixing it. I put my feelings for you behind me a long time
ago. I wanted this meeting because we are quickly approaching the point of no return. We were friends once. You are my
brother’s best friend. We both are part of strong packs. There is no reason why we can’t handle this in the best way
possible and once things settle, forge a friendship again. I know I miss you as a friend, and my pack can always use a
good ally. The packs have bonds between them even if we are far apart geographically,” I told him.
“I miss you too, Amie. I don’t know if I’m going to be able to see you as a friend. You are my mate.”
“I will never be your mate. The bond connects us. But it is weak and in a week and a half it will be severed.”
“Is there someone else?” he asked, looking intently at me.
“There is,” I admitted. I wouldn’t lie to him.
“I can feel the scent of your Alpha on you. I didn’t say anything about it because I didn’t want to think you would betray me.”
“I haven’t betrayed you, James. Me and Finlay… It’s complicated.”
“Are you fucking him?” he asked in a voice dripping with destain. I stood up so fast, my chair fell backward.
“How dare you judge me? You caused this situation, not me. You rejected me. I have the right to do whatever I want with
whoever I want. But to answer your question. No. I’m not fucking my Alpha.” I walked around the table and looked down
at him. He looked pissed, but so was I. “I’m still a virgin. Can you say the same?” I asked. A slight blush coloured his
cheeks. “Don’t judge me, James. You are in no position to do so.” I walked back to my side of the table and stood my
chair back up. I sat down.
“Amie… Since we found out, I haven’t…”
“No. I don’t judge you, James. We both thought we were free from the bond. You weren’t betraying me, I don’t care. It’s water under the bridge at this point. Just another thing that proves we shouldn’t be mates. I would love for us to stay
friends after the game is over. I understand if you can’t do that. If I may ask one thing of you, it would be that you don’t
let this affect my parents and my brother. I have kept away for ten years, but I feel a need to see my parents again. I want
to meet my nephew. I ask that you allow this, I know you can forbid them from seeing me as I’m part of another pack.
Please don’t,” I said. James leaned his head back and placed his hand over his eyes.
“I would never. I have seen how much they miss you. I would never do something which would hurt them. They are
family,” he told me.
“Thank you. And know I will be here as your friend. Eighteen years of friendship means something. Even if you are hurting
now, it may change.”
“You have made up your mind?” he asked.
“I have.” He sighed and gave me another sad smile.
“Then there is nothing I can do. I know how stubborn you are. Fuck, I have screwed up. How did I manage to make such a
fucking mess of things? It should have been the simplest thing. Accept your mate. Fuck.”
“Don’t be too hard on yourself. I won’t say I’m happy it happened. But I’m kind of is. I’m happy with my life. I’m in a
pack where I’m surrounded by wolves who make me happy. When this is over, you will have a chance to get a second
chance mate. Someone who will be perfect for you and your pack,” I told him.
“But it won’t be you,” he said.
“It won’t,” I agreed and prayed to any god who would listen that it was the truth. “I think it’s time for me to leave. No
need to drag this out. Please take care of yourself, James. Please look after my brother as well. The games are getting more and more dangerous.” We both stood up.
“You too, Amie. I guess we will see each other soon enough,” he said. I nodded and mindlinked Finlay I was ready to
leave. When I walked outside, both him and Sam stood there waiting for me.
“That was quick,” I said. They both placed a hand on my back and ushered me forward, one on each side of me.
“We were in the neighbourhood,” Finlay said.
“Both of you?”
“We were taking a walk in the warm evening,” Sam told me. I looked at the two of them and giggled.
“Thank you.
###Battle of Fate 75
Sam and I escorted Amie back to our cabin. On the surface she looked relaxed, but I could see the tension in her jaw and
the way she played with the hem of her t-shirt.
“How about you go up and call your mom, and I will bring you some ice tea,” I suggested.
“That sounds nice,” she admitted and walked upstairs.
“How is she doing?” my aunt asked as soon as I stepped into the kitchen.
“Being brave and keeping it together,” I said as I filled a glass with ice tea.
“Sometimes it’s okay to not be okay,” my aunt reminded me.
“I will make sure she knows it.”
“Good. And it’s okay for the Alpha to look after one of the pack for an evening if she needs it. We will manage for an
evening,” she continued.
“Subtle,” I told her. She smiled, handed me a plate of cut up fruit and patted my arm.
“It’s my middle name.”
“I thought your middle name was Rebecca,” I said. She laughed.
“Maybe that is why I’m not subtle at all. Or maybe it just means I have a smart mouth for a nephew,” she told me.
“Hey, I’m the Alpha, some respect please.”
“Go and be useful, oh mighty Alpha,” she said. Rolling her eyes and shoving me out of the kitchen. I headed up the stairs with a smile.
‘Fin, my dad has asked if you could join our call,’ Amie mindlinked when I was halfway upstairs.
‘On my way,’ I said. I was worried about what this was about.
‘You can say no,’ she told me when I was at her door.
‘Not a chance, Red. I need to score some points with him,’ I told her and walked into her room. She was sitting on her
bed with her phone. I put the glass and the plate on the desk and then walked over to her. I didn’t know what to do. It
seemed too intimate to sit down next to her, but I had no idea how to get into the frame of the call any other way.
“He’s here. One moment,” Amie said. She scooted a little to the side, making room for me between her and the
headboard. I took the hint and sat down. On the phone I saw what I assumed was the entire Winstone family. In one
frame, I saw her brother and his mate. In another, there was an older couple. Amie was a near copy of her mother. All
seemed to focus on me.
“Thank you for joining our call, Alpha Finlay,” the older man said, bowing his head slightly. The woman next to him did
the same.
“It’s my pleasure, former Beta Ron,” I said and also bowed slightly. I saw the pleased look on his face at being recognised
by his former title, and I counted it as a win. I desperately wanted Amie’s family to like me. They were important to her,
and she was important to me. “What can I do for you?” I asked.
“To be honest with you, Alpha Finlay, I’m worried about my daughter.” Amie’s father said. “The games are dangerous in
themselves, but adding to it the pressure from the Ocean shore pack and now our own Alpha,” he explained. I nodded at
first. Then I paused and looked at Amie.
“I thought your talk went well,” I said.
“So did I. But Elder shared something,” she told me. Her free hand found mine on the bed. I looked back at the phone
and focused on her brother. He looked uncomfortable.
“I want to say that I’m telling you this because Amie is my sister, and I will always protect her. I failed to do so in the past,
and it won’t happen again. But this is close to betraying my Alpha and it’s a difficult decision,” he said.
“It’s the right thing to do,” his mate said.
“We need to protect your sister,” their father said. Beta Elder nodded and I respected him for his struggle.
“I talked to James after he talked to Amie. He has understood she isn’t interested in repairing the mate bond.
Unfortunately, he has got it in his head he can change her mind,” Beta Elder said.
“How?” I wanted to know.
“We don’t know, that is the issue. If he’s just going to do some grand gestures, that is fine. It may reflect poorly on him,
but nothing we can’t handle,” Amie’s father said.
“But it might be something more forceful,” Beta Elder admitted.
“Like?” I could hear the ice in my voice.
“What if he tries to force her to go back with us? If he does something that takes away her ability to accept his rejection,”
Becky said.
“I don’t think he will go that far,” Beta Elder ed.
“But we don’t know. When it comes to mates and rejections, the clear head goes out the window,” his father said. I
nodded. “I worry about my daughter and I am too far away to do something about it,” he then told me.
Just a heads up: novel5s.com is the only place to read the complete version of this book for free. Don’t miss out on the
next chapter—visit us now and continue your journey!
“I will keep her safe. Amie is important to the pack, and to me. She will be protected. Thank you for letting me know
about this new threat,” I told them. Her father looked serious, but he nodded. Her mother, on the other hand, fired off a
brilliant smile. A smile which reminded me of Amie’s true smile and it warmed me.
“Thank you, Alpha Finlay, for looking after Armeria,” her mother said.
“It is my pleasure,” I told her and returned her smile.
“I’m sure we don’t need to worry,” Beta Elder said. I nodded.
“I’m happy to hear it, but I will make sure we are on our guard nonetheless. Better to be safe than sorry,” I told him.
There was no way in hell I would let that Alpha lay his and on my Amie.
“Thank you. That was what I needed to hear. I feel better knowing she has someone to look after her.”
“Dad,” Amie ed. “I am capable of looking after myself.”
“Listen to your dad. There is nothing wrong with accepting help,” he mother said.
“Yes mom.” I had to keep myself from smiling at the tone of Amies voice.
“I will leave you to your call,” I told them all. Her mother waved her hand.
“No need. We need to get going. Thank you again, Alpha. And thank you Amie for checking in. Have a nice evening,” her
mother said.
“You too, mom.”
“And good luck in tomorrow’s game, pumpkin. Elder, would you give me a call?” their father said.
“Thank you, love you dad,” Amie said.
“Sure,” Beta Elder agreed. Amie and Becky waved before hanging up. Amie sighed and leaned against my side and put
her head on my shoulder. I put my arm around her.
“Thank you for calming my parents,” she said.
“I’m grateful they told me, and you do know there will be no going around alone from now on?” I told her.
“I do, but I agree with Elder. I think my dad and Becky are making it bigger than it is,” she said.
“Maybe. And if that is the case, I will be happy. I just won’t gamble your safety on it.”
“I know. I think my mother really likes you.” She changed the topic. I smiled.
“You look like her,” I said.
“I do. Elder takes after our dad.”
“I like them. I like how protective they are of you,” I told her. She laughed.
“Yeah, I thought you might.” Her phone dinged and she looked at it.
“Becky suggests we arrange a family dinner on our next day off. She wants to plan how we can get together after the
games and thinks a dinner would be good. You are invited,” she told me.
“You don’t have to invite me just because I invited you to my family dinner. Your family is nice. I will walk you there and I
will pick you up,” I offered.
“Now you are just silly. First off, I would have invited you regardless. I want you to get to know my brother and Becky and
I don’t know how long it will take for us to see each other again. But more importantly, I didn’t invite you, Becky did.”
She showed me the message. The last line read.
‘Bring your Alpha.’
I smiled.&nbsp;
“Well, then I have to accept,” I agreed.
“You do. And just so you know, she knows. So when she tells me to bring my Alpha it’s not in a way like ‘Bring the Alpha
of your pack’, but as in ‘Bring the Alpha you have staked claim on’. Just so we understand each other,” Amie said. I
looked down at her.
“You told her?”
“She more or less guessed and I confirmed. I like people knowing,” she told me.
“I like it as well. Can’t wait until everyone knows
###Battle of Fate 76
We were back at the stadium. Three games remained and I couldn’t wait for it all to be over. I had been looking forward
to participating in the game for as long as I could remember. All the drama and the worry and everything else that kept
happening had me feel like I was done with it. I just wanted to go home, shut myself away with Finlay in his house for a week and pretend this month never happened. I couldn’t do that until we had finished the tenth game. So that was my
aim. Finlay had told the pack about the new threat and I could feel them closing rank. I should make Finlay go to the
different meetings of the packs, I had all intention of forcing him to be social when we got here, but now I hesitated. I
didn’t think I had it in me to handle him finding his mate on top of everything. Which made me a hypocrite. I sighed.
‘Hey, Red. What’s wrong?’ Finlay mindlinked.
‘Nothing, I’m just having a little issue with getting into the right headspace,’ I told him.
‘Do you need to sit this one out? It would be understandable,’ he asked.
‘No. I will be okay.’
‘When we get back home we will take a vacation,’ he said. I smiled.
‘I don’t think I want to leave the pack so soon again.’
‘We can set up in one of the caves on the pack land,’ he suggested. I laughed, making others look at me.
‘Thank you, I needed someone to pull me out of my pity party,’ I told him.
‘If any one deserves to have one of those, it’s you. Let me know if you need another laugh and I will trip Sam or
something,’ he said. Before I could respond, the speakers came to life.
“Welcome to the eight game. Today will be a test in agility.”
‘That will be it for my brother then,’ Finlay mindlinked us. We all tried our best to not laugh.
“The game is to be performed secluded. Ten identical rooms have been set up. By now you know the drill. Wait until your
pack is called. Please follow the rules given, if you break them, there will be punishments. We wish you the best of luck.”
‘Time to break out the cards again,’ Ramses said and took out the deck. We got as comfortable as we could and tried to
focus on the cards. Every now and then, Sam would make us move around.
“Blue mountain pack, you are up,” an official told us. We packed away the cards and followed him. He let us inside a
room with the instruction to stand within the marked area inside the door.
‘The last time we got that direction, I almost had my head taken off,’ Sam said and made sure we all stayed inside the
marked square. The room was again about sixteen square feet and on the other side of it, there was another door with a
marked area in front of it.
“Welcome to the eight game. In front of you, you have an empty room. The room has lasers across it. If a laser beam is
broken the red light will light. The ive is for each member of your pack to make it across the room to the other
marked area. Once a member is across, a green lamp will be lit. Once five lights have been lit, counting both red and
green, the game is over. You have two hours to complete the game. When the two hours are up, a red light will be lit for
all members who aren’t standing in the marked area across the room. You can use anything you find in the room or have with you. Good luck,” the speaker said.
“Can you see the lasers?” Finlay asked.
“No,” Sam said, and the rest of us shook our heads.
“That will be an issue,” he pointed out.
“How do we make them visible?” I asked.
“There are special glasses. Smoke or dust,” Jake said.
“We don’t have the glasses or dust. I’m not that eager to light the room on fire to get smoke,” Sam said. We all agreed.
“How about water?” Ramses asked.
“Um, like filling the room with it? I think that would break the beam. Or rather refracting it,” Jake said.
“And we do need to breathe,” I added.
“There is that,” Jake agreed. Ramses chuckled.
“I don’t think we need to fill the room. I was thinking more of a mist,” he said.
“That could work. But we don’t have enough water to create a mist,” Jake answered. Ramses pointed upwards. We all
looked up and we all smiled. There was a sprinkler system on the roof.
“How do we trigger it?” Finlay asked. “We are not starting a fire,” he added before anyone could suggest it.
“Well, we don’t need to start a fire, it’s usually enough to cause smoke or increase the heat,” Jake said.
“And how do we do that without starting a fire?” I asked.
“We start a small fire?” Jake hesitantly suggested. I giggled when I saw Finlay’s face.
“We will not burn down the council’s game room,” he told us.
“Of course not,” Ramses agreed.
“Just a small fire,” Sam said.
“Which will go out from the sprinklers,” Jake added. I continued to giggle.
“I have to be insane, but go ahead. Tell me how we are going to start a fire?” Finlay said with a deep sigh. There was a moment when everyone looked through their pockets and had a look around the room. There wasn’t much to work
with.
“We can use the Gammas smartwatch to make a shortcircut that may ignite the scrap paper and we can then use the
paper to light the cardboard box and some playing cards. They should create more smoke and heat than the paper. But we will still need to get it as close to the detector as possible,” Jake said. We all looked up at the ceiling.
“Amie can get on my shoulders,” Finlay said.
“So we are doing this?” Sam asked.
Just a heads up: novel5s.com is the only place to read the complete version of this book for free. Don’t miss out on the
next chapter—visit us now and continue your journey!
“I guess we are,” Finlay admitted. He squatted down and I got the message and climbed onto his shoulders. He stood up
and I confirmed I would be able to reach the sensor. Jake started fiddling with the smart watch and Ramses was making a
bundle of playing cards with scrap paper in between.
“Here we go,” Jake said, holding the watch close to the pile of scrap paper they had placed on the floor.
‘If we burn the council’s building to the ground, they will definitely force us to merge with my brother’s pack,’ Finlay
mindlinked me. I did my best not to laugh and slapped him on the shoulder. Jake gave a cheer as he created a spark that
made the paper catch fire. Ramses hurried to hand him the cards and Jake lit it on fire, it looked like a small torch. He
handed it to me. It smoked and it was hot. I raised it towards the detector. Nothing happened.
“Give it a moment,” Jake said. We all looked up at it. I could feel the fire creeping closer to my fingers.
“Make another card bundle,” I said. Ramses started to work. I would have to hold out until he handed me the next one. I
felt my fingers get uncomfortably hot. Ramses raised a new bundle up to me and then there was a ringing sound and water started to fall down, drenching us all.
“Well, it worked. Now what?” I asked.
“Look,” Sam said. We looked out over the room. Faint lines of lights were seen. It wasn’t like clear ribbons like it was in
the movies. But it at least gave us a hint of where the lasers were.
“Let’s do this,” I said, getting down from Finlay’s shoulders. I wanted to get out of this room. The water was cold and the
longer we stayed, the colder our bodies would be and the harder it would be for us to move.
“Amie, you are the most agile. You should go first and try to scope out a path the rest of us can take,” Sam said.
“Sure. I’m guessing it would be best to try and find the best gaps and keep close to the floor?” I asked.
“Avoid things that need me twirling like a ballerina,” Ramses said. We all laughed. I brushed water out of my face and
looked at the beams. I started moving through them, knowing the others were watching me, trying to remember the
path I was taking. Once or twice, I needed to stop to look at different options and ask the others how it looked from their
angle. It felt like it took forever, but I landed on the marked area by the second door. A green light switched on.
“Next one!” I called. Finlay was next. He was an impressive Alpha, but he wasn’t built for this kind of thing. He needed to move even slower than me to make sure no part of his large, well built body interfered with the lasers. It was a treat to be
able to watch his body as it twisted and flexed. The water which made our clothes cling to our bodies, didn’t help. A
couple of times I had to call for him to stop before he would break the lasers. He made it to my end and a green light
turned on.
‘Well done,’ I mind linked him as we focused on Jake.
‘I think we need one of these at home. It was interesting to watch you move through it. We should do it again in a more
private setting,’ he told me.
‘I’m game as long as we both do it,’ I agreed. He looked at me. First with surprise and then with a grin. Jake made it
through with no difficulty. His more lean build was an advantage here. Next it was Ramses’ turn. I worried about his
shoulder and him putting too much weight on it. It was clear he hadn’t regained all his mobility in it.
###Battle of Fate 77
We were back at the stadium. Three games remained and I couldn’t wait for it all to be over. I had been looking forward
to participating in the game for as long as I could remember. All the drama and the worry and everything else that kept
happening had me feel like I was done with it. I just wanted to go home, shut myself away with Finlay in his house for a week and pretend this month never happened. I couldn’t do that until we had finished the tenth game. So that was my
aim. Finlay had told the pack about the new threat and I could feel them closing rank. I should make Finlay go to the
different meetings of the packs, I had all intention of forcing him to be social when we got here, but now I hesitated. I
didn’t think I had it in me to handle him finding his mate on top of everything. Which made me a hypocrite. I sighed.
‘Hey, Red. What’s wrong?’ Finlay mindlinked.
‘Nothing, I’m just having a little issue with getting into the right headspace,’ I told him.
‘Do you need to sit this one out? It would be understandable,’ he asked.
‘No. I will be okay.’
‘When we get back home we will take a vacation,’ he said. I smiled.
‘I don’t think I want to leave the pack so soon again.’
‘We can set up in one of the caves on the pack land,’ he suggested. I laughed, making others look at me.
‘Thank you, I needed someone to pull me out of my pity party,’ I told him.
‘If any one deserves to have one of those, it’s you. Let me know if you need another laugh and I will trip Sam or
something,’ he said. Before I could respond, the speakers came to life.
“Welcome to the eight game. Today will be a test in agility.”
‘That will be it for my brother then,’ Finlay mindlinked us. We all tried our best to not laugh.
“The game is to be performed secluded. Ten identical rooms have been set up. By now you know the drill. Wait until your
pack is called. Please follow the rules given, if you break them, there will be punishments. We wish you the best of luck.”
‘Time to break out the cards again,’ Ramses said and took out the deck. We got as comfortable as we could and tried to
focus on the cards. Every now and then, Sam would make us move around.
“Blue mountain pack, you are up,” an official told us. We packed away the cards and followed him. He let us inside a
room with the instruction to stand within the marked area inside the door.
‘The last time we got that direction, I almost had my head taken off,’ Sam said and made sure we all stayed inside the
marked square. The room was again about sixteen square feet and on the other side of it, there was another door with a
marked area in front of it.
“Welcome to the eight game. In front of you, you have an empty room. The room has lasers across it. If a laser beam is
broken the red light will light. The ive is for each member of your pack to make it across the room to the other
marked area. Once a member is across, a green lamp will be lit. Once five lights have been lit, counting both red and
green, the game is over. You have two hours to complete the game. When the two hours are up, a red light will be lit for
all members who aren’t standing in the marked area across the room. You can use anything you find in the room or have with you. Good luck,” the speaker said.
“Can you see the lasers?” Finlay asked.
“No,” Sam said, and the rest of us shook our heads.
“That will be an issue,” he pointed out.
“How do we make them visible?” I asked.
“There are special glasses. Smoke or dust,” Jake said.
“We don’t have the glasses or dust. I’m not that eager to light the room on fire to get smoke,” Sam said. We all agreed.
“How about water?” Ramses asked.
“Um, like filling the room with it? I think that would break the beam. Or rather refracting it,” Jake said.
“And we do need to breathe,” I added.
“There is that,” Jake agreed. Ramses chuckled.
“I don’t think we need to fill the room. I was thinking more of a mist,” he said.
“That could work. But we don’t have enough water to create a mist,” Jake answered. Ramses pointed upwards. We all
looked up and we all smiled. There was a sprinkler system on the roof.
“How do we trigger it?” Finlay asked. “We are not starting a fire,” he added before anyone could suggest it.
“Well, we don’t need to start a fire, it’s usually enough to cause smoke or increase the heat,” Jake said.
“And how do we do that without starting a fire?” I asked.
“We start a small fire?” Jake hesitantly suggested. I giggled when I saw Finlay’s face.
“We will not burn down the council’s game room,” he told us.
“Of course not,” Ramses agreed.
“Just a small fire,” Sam said.
“Which will go out from the sprinklers,” Jake added. I continued to giggle.
“I have to be insane, but go ahead. Tell me how we are going to start a fire?” Finlay said with a deep sigh. There was a moment when everyone looked through their pockets and had a look around the room. There wasn’t much to work
with.
“We can use the Gammas smartwatch to make a shortcircut that may ignite the scrap paper and we can then use the
paper to light the cardboard box and some playing cards. They should create more smoke and heat than the paper. But we will still need to get it as close to the detector as possible,” Jake said. We all looked up at the ceiling.
“Amie can get on my shoulders,” Finlay said.
“So we are doing this?” Sam asked.
Just a heads up: novel5s.com is the only place to read the complete version of this book for free. Don’t miss out on the
next chapter—visit us now and continue your journey!
“I guess we are,” Finlay admitted. He squatted down and I got the message and climbed onto his shoulders. He stood up
and I confirmed I would be able to reach the sensor. Jake started fiddling with the smart watch and Ramses was making a
bundle of playing cards with scrap paper in between.
“Here we go,” Jake said, holding the watch close to the pile of scrap paper they had placed on the floor.
‘If we burn the council’s building to the ground, they will definitely force us to merge with my brother’s pack,’ Finlay
mindlinked me. I did my best not to laugh and slapped him on the shoulder. Jake gave a cheer as he created a spark that
made the paper catch fire. Ramses hurried to hand him the cards and Jake lit it on fire, it looked like a small torch. He
handed it to me. It smoked and it was hot. I raised it towards the detector. Nothing happened.
“Give it a moment,” Jake said. We all looked up at it. I could feel the fire creeping closer to my fingers.
“Make another card bundle,” I said. Ramses started to work. I would have to hold out until he handed me the next one. I
felt my fingers get uncomfortably hot. Ramses raised a new bundle up to me and then there was a ringing sound and water started to fall down, drenching us all.
“Well, it worked. Now what?” I asked.
“Look,” Sam said. We looked out over the room. Faint lines of lights were seen. It wasn’t like clear ribbons like it was in
the movies. But it at least gave us a hint of where the lasers were.
“Let’s do this,” I said, getting down from Finlay’s shoulders. I wanted to get out of this room. The water was cold and the
longer we stayed, the colder our bodies would be and the harder it would be for us to move.
“Amie, you are the most agile. You should go first and try to scope out a path the rest of us can take,” Sam said.
“Sure. I’m guessing it would be best to try and find the best gaps and keep close to the floor?” I asked.
“Avoid things that need me twirling like a ballerina,” Ramses said. We all laughed. I brushed water out of my face and
looked at the beams. I started moving through them, knowing the others were watching me, trying to remember the
path I was taking. Once or twice, I needed to stop to look at different options and ask the others how it looked from their
angle. It felt like it took forever, but I landed on the marked area by the second door. A green light switched on.
“Next one!” I called. Finlay was next. He was an impressive Alpha, but he wasn’t built for this kind of thing. He needed to move even slower than me to make sure no part of his large, well built body interfered with the lasers. It was a treat to be
able to watch his body as it twisted and flexed. The water which made our clothes cling to our bodies, didn’t help. A
couple of times I had to call for him to stop before he would break the lasers. He made it to my end and a green light
turned on.
‘Well done,’ I mind linked him as we focused on Jake.
‘I think we need one of these at home. It was interesting to watch you move through it. We should do it again in a more
private setting,’ he told me.
‘I’m game as long as we both do it,’ I agreed. He looked at me. First with surprise and then with a grin. Jake made it
through with no difficulty. His more lean build was an advantage here. Next it was Ramses’ turn. I wor
###Battle of Fate 78
uck, I was nervous. I am an Alpha, I shouldn’t be nervous. But I could feel the clear signs as I walked next to Amie to
have dinner with her brother and his mate. I had known Amie and her brother were close, she had told me stories, but
after seeing the two of them together. I got it. They had this bond between them. I needed to get along with this wolf, it
was important to Amie. She hadn’t told me as much, but I just knew it. I liked Beta Elder, I had done from when I met him
for the first time at the Alpha summits. If nothing else, we both had an interest in protecting Amie. But his best friend was
her true mate. That had to make him standoffish to me. I didn’t fool myself to think he saw me just as Amies Alpha and
friend. He had to see the truth, if nothing else his mate should have told him. I didn’t think he was okay with us just
because he seemed to keep his Alpha away from Amie. That would be more for Amie”s sake than anything. So, I needed
this evening to go well.
‘Are you okay? You are acting weird,’ Amie mindlinked me.
‘What do you mean? I’m just walking,’ I told her.
‘Yeah. In this weird kind of way. If you feel uncomfortable with having dinner, you can just drop me off,’ she offered.
‘No. No! I can do this,’ I insisted. Amie stopped and looked at me.
‘You sound like you are heading into battle. It’s just my brother and Becky. You have met them before.’
‘I know. I’m blowing this out of proportion. I just really want them to like me.’ She smiled at me.
‘Of course they will like you. And if my brother gives you any trouble, you tell me and I will tell mom,’ Amie told me and
took the hand I didn’t have the food basket in and gave it a light squeeze.
‘Deal,’ I told her. I relaxed a little and looked up to head towards the communal building where we would have dinner in
one of the rooms. I froze and my hand went to Amie’s shoulder to keep her from turning. ‘Don’t look,’ I said. Of course
she turned her head and looked at what I was looking at. I should have known she was too stubborn to do what I told
her. James stood at the entrance to the communal building . He was in the middle of a make out session with a woman.
They were as close to having sex in public as was possible without actually having it. I looked down at Amie, worried what
the mate bond would do to her. She scrunched her nose at the scene.
‘I would have thought he would go for someone better than Cindy. But to each their own, I guess,’ she said.
‘Are you okay?’ I asked. She looked back at me and I searched her face for hidden pain, I didn’t find any. She smiled.
‘Don’t worry. The mate bond is too frail to cause any issues. If anything, it just got weaker.’ She took my arm and made
us move forward. ‘When he first rejected me, I would lie in bed and torture myself with images like that one. I always
knew Cindy had her eyes on James, and on my brother, too. She likes power. Back then I spent countless nights crying
over the idea of him accepting her into his bed. That was until I figured out I was just hurting myself. I accepted that what
he did was on him and I stopped torturing myself,’ Amie told me. I had to fight against the need to punch James in the
face. He had caused her so much pain and even after all of it, he refused to accept she would reject him. He even tried to
play dirty and get her jealous. There wasn’t a doubt in my mind that was what he was doing. We walked past them
without looking at them. I saw James stop kissing the woman and looked after us. He was waiting for a reaction. Amie
didn’t give him what he wanted. We got to the room her brother had booked, knocked and stepped inside. Beta Elder
and his mate were setting the table. Becky smiled at us and walked over to give Amie a hug.
“We brought mini pizzas, fried rice and blueberry pie,” Amie said, reaching for the basket I was holding. I placed it on a
side table.
“Sounds amazing. I have made sliders, pasta with red sauce and meatballs, and cucumber salad. Thank you for coming,
both of you,” Becky said.
“We were happy to come,” Amie said. She gave me a look, saying I needed to talk as well and I saw Becky give her mate
the same one.
“Hrm. Yes, thank you for making sure Amie got here safe, Alpha Finlay,” Amies brother said.
“Not at all, Beta Elder. She’s been looking forward to it,” I replied.
“Honestly,” Amie said.
“Men,” Becky agreed and they both rolled their eyes. I concluded I had done something wrong. I felt better as it seemed
the Beta had made the same mistake.
“We are not here on official business,” Becky told us.
“Exactly. In here, we are family and titles are put to the side,” Amie agreed.
“Any ions?” Becky asked and looked at both me and her mate.
“Of course not, sweetums,” he told her.
“I would like that,” I agreed. Both women smiled at us. All of us helped to set the table and it helped to ease some of the
tension. Becky and Amie chit chatted and when we sat down to eat, it actually felt like a family dinner.
“Amie, do you have another story about Elder?” Becky asked.
“Oh, no. The one she already told you was bad enough. I need to keep some of my dignity,” Elder ed. I saw my
chance.
“I have a question, Elder. Has Amie always been such a fan of snow? As soon as the snow comes each winter, she
practically turns into a pup,” I asked. Elder laughed as Amie elbowed me.
“Always,” he told me. “When the first snow came, our mom always insisted our dad took a couple of hours off work and
she would make lunch and we would head out into the woods and we would sled and play in the snow, eat lunch and
just spend time as a family. You know that it can be difficult to get those family moments as a top tier family. So snow
days were special.” I smiled and nodded. It all made sense now. Amie had adapted her family’s traditions to fit into her
new life.
“I always take the pups in the pack out to sled in the first snow,” Amie told them.
Just a heads up: novel5s.com is the only place to read the complete version of this book for free. Don’t miss out on the
next chapter—visit us now and continue your journey!
“You do?” her brother asked. She nodded.
“Elder insisted on taking the day off when it snowed for the first time last year. Mino was just a couple of months old, but we all went for a hike,” Becky told us.
“It’s a good tradition,” Amie said. Her brother happily nodded.
“Finlay, is my little sister still as stubborn as a mule?” Elder asked.
“Elder!” Amie ed. I pretended to sigh deeply and shook my head.
“She is making my life difficult. To have a Beta like her tests my patients on a daily basis,” I told them and played up my
despair. They both smiled. “Have she told you what she made me go through before she would even speak to me the
first time we met?” I asked.
“Oh, I need to hear this,” Becky said.
“I am already feeling for you,” Elder told me with a grin.
“Hey! Before Finlay tells you a hugely over-exaggeration of what actually happened, just remember I was trying to stay
away from werewolves,” Amie defended herself. I hid my smile and started to tell them about my brave attempt to talk to
the strange wolf I had found in the small diner and Amie’s stubborn attempts to keep away.
“You let him take a hot pot of coffee to his privates?” Becky asked Amie.
“It wasn’t like I knew she would pour it in his lap. I was as surprised as anyone that he came back after that,” Amie told
them. I shrugged.
“At that point it had become a game. I hate to lose.” Elder laughed.
“A true Alpha,” he said. The longer we talked, the easier it was to keep the conversation going and I found myself
laughing and joking. The easy nature of Amie and her brother’s relationship was contagious. As we finally got up to
leave, it felt like I had spent the evening with friends.
“I’m happy we took time for this,” Becky said as she hugged Amie.
“So am I, and I’m happy we have a plan for meeting up in a couple of months,” Amie agreed. Elder and I shook hands
and then Elder got a hug from his sister and Becky gave me a tight hug.
“Thank you for coming. The two of you look good together,” she told me.
“Thank you for inviting me. I have had an amazing evening,” I honestly said. We were ready to leave. “Wait just one
moment, Red,” I said and opened the door and scoped out the place. I didn’t want any unwelcome surprises.
“Not that I don’t approve, but are you really thinking about armed assassins?” Elder asked when I got back.
“Not really,” I said. I didn’t want to tell him about Alpha James. It was still his Alpha.
“When we came here James was outside making out with Cindy,” Amie said. I saw Becky make a face, not a fan of Cindy.
“Are you okay?” Elder asked, looking over his sister.
“The bond is too far gone for something like it to affect me,” she told them.
“Still, Cindy,” Becky said, making the face again. Amie giggled.
“Let me guess, she tried to come after Elder?”
“She did. She even tried to convince me they were a thing when we first met. That I should give him up. As if I ever would,” Becky said in a condescending tone.
“My brother is too smart to fall for her tricks. That and my mother would skin him alive,” Amie said. Both women laughed
in a little unsettling way. I would never betray Amie, so I didn’t need to worry, I told myself. We said goodbye and started
walking back to our cabin.
“That wasn’t so bad, was it?” Amie asked after a while.
“It was fun. I like your family,” I told her. She smiled and took my hand.
“They are practically your family now as well. I wanted you to have an evening like this with them. So when I call home to my parents and tell them we have mated, Elder and Becky can tell them what a catch I have made,” she said. I couldn’t
stop smiling. Something about her calling home to introduce me as her mate made my heart swell.
###Battle of Fate 79
“I have stopped trying to figure out what they will throw our way,” Sam told us as we sat down in our seats in the
stadium. It was a warm and sunny day and my mood was still high from the previous evening. My brother acted like we
didn’t exist, Alpha James was nowhere to be seen, and Ramses’ shoulder was almost back to normal. It was a great day,
and I had decided we would do amazing in today’s game.
“You look to be in a good mood, Alpha,” Jake said.
“I am. If we need to wait, today is a good day for it as the weather is amazing. We can relax and pretend we are just
moseying around in the sun,” I told him.
“Welcome to the ninth game. Only two more games remain. If you think you need to gather points to secure a higher
ranking, the opportunity is almost over,”the speaker told us. It felt strange that we only had a week left before we could
head back home. Thinking back, it both felt like we arrived yesterday and like we had been here for a year. “Today’s game
will test your endurance. Please head to the buses and all the information will be given to you once you arrive.” We
looked at each other, that was new. We usually were giving the instructions for the joint games before we went to the
buses to give us time to plan. We moved along with the others and got on a bus. We arrived at the big lake in the middle
of the woods. The lake looked to be filled with rafts.
“Welcome to the lake and the ninth game. Every pack has been assigned a raft. Your pack will get onto the raft and the
ive is to be the last pack standing. Each raft is made out of five logs. Each hour a log will be removed. Once the
game is started, if any part of a wolf touches the water, that wolf is out of the game. After the log has been removed from
the float, your support team may hand flasks with something to drink to our officials and we will deliver it to the team. No food is allowed. There is no time limit. Last pack standing on the raft is the winner. Points will be rewarded based on
how long members stay on the float and how you work as a team. Please head for your designated float.” That explained
why we didn’t get any time to plan, there was not much to plan.
‘Let’s take full advantage of the big float and sit down until we can’t’ Sam told us as we swam out to the float and got up
on it.
‘The heat might be an issue. Make sure to rehydrate when you can and speak up if you feel the sun is getting to you,’
Amie told us. We spread out on the float. It was nice to be laying in the sun as we were still wet from the swim.
‘Will you be okay? You are the palest of us,’ I mindlinked Amie.
‘I put on sunscreen before leaving. It should be fine for a while,’ she told me.
‘Don’t push yourself too hard. If you feel the sun burning, get off the float. The rest of us can hold out,’ I said.
‘I will remember it. But I should be fine and I’m not the only redhead,’ she pointed out and looked at Sam. Stubborn as
always. If it came to it, I would just throw her in the water. I lay down next to her.
The first hour was easy. We all had found a spot on the raft and were relaxing. The sun dried our clothes and there was a
gentle breeze which cooled us. The signal sounded and we moved away from the log closest to the shore. It detached
and vanished into the water. Not long after, a rowing boat with officials arrived and handed each of us a bottle. I opened
it and sniffed. My aunt had made sure to not just give us water. It tasted sweet and a little salty with a fruit flavour. I drank
half of mine and then made sure the rest of the pack drank. We all saved some for the hour until we got the next
delivery.
The second hour was just as easy as the first. All the packs looked comfortable. We were sitting in a group, talking. Since we had burnt half of the deck of cards during the last game, we had to entertain ourselves. I stood up to stretch, there was still plenty of room to comfortably move around. Deciding I would remain standing for a while, I looked out over the
lake to see if the other packs showed signs of giving up.
‘You don’t have to do that, you know,’ Amie mind linked me.
‘Do what?” I asked.
‘Shade me. I’m doing fine. Now stop wasting energy and sit down.’ I thought I had been subtle about my intentions, but
she saw through me like always. Sometimes I thought she was a mind reader. I wasn’t an easy person to read as I was
used to hiding my true intentions since I was a kid. I didn’t really have a good reason to keep standing, so I joined the
others again.
‘Is anyone giving up?’ Sam asked.
‘No,’ I said. When the signal sounded again, we moved to the three remaining logs. We got new bottles and handed over
the empty ones. We now had to sit in a row.
Just a heads up: novel5s.com is the only place to read the complete version of this book for free. Don’t miss out on the
next chapter—visit us now and continue your journey!
‘No dangling feet in the water,’ Amie reminded us. As far as games went, this was starting to become boring.
‘Try not to nod off. The sun and the lack of things to do will make you feel sleepy,’ Ramses warned us. I could feel it. It
was alluring to lean my head on Amies shoulder and take a quick nap.
‘Everyone up and on your feet,’ I told them. We all managed to get up and we did our best to move around a little.
‘I spy with my little eye, something brown,’ Jake said. We all turned and looked at him. ‘It always keeps the kids awake in
the car when we don’t want them to fall asleep,’ he said. I grinned.
‘A log?’ I asked.
‘No.’ The game took off and continued as we sat down again. It wasn’t long before Amie nudged me and pointed at a
raft nearby. One of the wolves on it had fallen asleep and she was swaying where she sat. Her pack mates seemed to be
deep into a discussion. We all watched as she lost her balance and tumbled headfirst into the water. She popped up
straight away, spluttering. After looking in confusion at the raft she just had been on, she sighed and headed for the
shore. She was the first one in a row of wolves that ended up in the lake. Most fell asleep or lost their balance as they
tried to stay awake by moving around. One pack had a member who was clearly starting to overheat. They carefully
lowered their drinking bottles into the lake, not touching the water, and then poured the water on to her. Which caused
her to be disqualified, as it was still lake water. Again the signal sounded. Another log was removed, leaving us with two. We got more to drink and we had all stood up.
‘How are you doing in the sun?’ Amie asked Sam.
‘I’m fine. I’m honestly used to putting on like two bottles of sunscreen when looking out the window in this kind of weather. I’m more worried about the others,’ he said.
Just a heads up: novel5s.com is the only place to read the complete version of this book for free. Don’t miss out on the
next chapter—visit us now and continue your journey!
‘Yes, our Alpha is getting a little red on the ears and cheeks,’ Amie said. I did feel a little hot on my face, but it was hot
outside. ‘At least turn your back to the sun,’ she added and looked at me. I rolled my eyes, but did as she told me. The
two logs provided a stable base for us to stand on, but the heat and not being able to move around as much made it
harder. We continued to play games to distract ourselves. Around us we could hear others falling into the water and soon
the number of people on the rafts was visibly fewer.
‘Jake, are you okay?’ Sam asked. We all looked at Jake. His face was red and the top of his ears looked painful. Amie
walked up to him and placed her hand on his forehead.
‘Time to take a swim,’ she told him.
‘I can hold out,’ he insisted.
‘I believe you. But there is no need to torture yourself. We have one game left, and everyone says it’s the worst one. Take
a swim and make sure to keep all the stubbornness until the tenth game,’ I told him.
‘Yes, Alpha,’ he said, turned around and jumped into the water. ‘Fuck, that was nice,’ he told us as he swam away.
‘I might join him,’ Sam said. I smiled and slapped him on the back, almost making him lose his balance. But he regained
it and glared at me.
‘Doesn’t look like you want a swim,’ I told him. The others laughed. As the fifth hour approached, I felt my face and ears
burning worse than before. As the final log was removed, leaving us balancing on one, I was grateful the water bottles
only contained water this time. I used some to discreetly splash on my face.
‘You should take a swim, you know,’ Amie told me in our private mindlink.
###Battle of Fate 80
v
‘Won’t happen,’ I declared. I could hear her sigh and then something ripping. I looked over at her and saw she had taken
a claw and ripped the t-shirt she was wearing to make it into a crop top. The fabric which had been around her stomach,
she was pouring water on. Amie placed the wet cloth over my face and for a moment, it felt amazing. The heat from my
skin soon heated it and even though it was still nice, it wasn’t as good as it was the first minutes. A little further away,
someone screamed as they fell into the water. Ramses had to have been on the verge of nodding off as the scream
startled him. He lost his balance and Amie reached for him. He deliberately avoided her hand to save her. When he
landed in the water he shook his head.
‘I didn’t listen to my own advice,’ he said. “Good luck.” It was Sam, Amie and I left on our log. It gave us some room to
be able to walk back and forth. The log was broad and relatively easy to keep balance on. Another hour passed, this time
when the signal sounded, no logs were removed. We got a new round of water and we evaluated our situation in the
game. There were fifteen rafts that were still occupied by one or more wolves. We were doing well. Amie reached up her
hand and took my chin to turn my face to look at her. She frowned. Then she looked around me and I followed her gaze
and saw Sam looking at me. He shrugged, I shrugged and turned to face forward again. The two hands on my back
surprised me, as did the firm shove from both of them. I didn’t have time to resist or to correct my balance. I ended up in
the water and once I got my bearings, I turned around and stared up at the traitors.
“I’m sorry, but it was the only way,” Amie said. She looked remorseful. Sam, on the other hand, chuckled.
“Land is that way,” he said and pointed behind me. The water felt amazing as I swam back, but I wasn’t in the right mood
to enjoy it.
‘Oh my,’ my aunt said as I got out of the water. ‘Hugo needs to have a look at you.’ She led me over to a group of
parasols and had me sit down on a beach chair. Hugo came over and put something cold and sticky on my face and ears.
It took the stinging, burning and most of the pain away. I still wasn’t in the right mood to be grateful. I thanked him
nonetheless, even if it probably didn’t sound sincere.
‘They pushed me in,’ I told my aunt, expecting her to take my side.
‘Well of course they did. You would have never given up,’ she told me.
‘They pushed me into the water,’ I said.
‘I heard you the first time. Don’t let your pride keep you from seeing they did you a favour. And take it as a lesson to wear sunscreen,” she told me. I glared at her and when she glared back, I glared at Amie and Sam in the distance. They
had sat down, back to back, leaning against each other. Looking at them like this, they could be fraternal twins. Amie
turned and looked in my direction.
‘I am sorry. But you were hurting and you wouldn’t have done it yourself. I love you,’ she said in our mindlink.
‘I love you too,’ I grumbled back.
‘I hope you aren’t upset with Amie,’ Sam linked me.
‘I’m upset with both of you,’ I told him. I could have sworn I saw him roll his eyes at me.
‘If you weren’t so fucking stubborn, we wouldn’t have had to push you. Do you think she will still like you if your face
melts off?’ It was my turn to roll my eyes.
‘Fine,’ I said. I sat in my chair and watched as one after the other wolves fell or jumped into the lake. When the signal for
the seven hour mark sounded, it was just Sam and Amie and one other left. More water was sent out and I was starting
to worry. They had been out on the lake for a long time. It wasn’t worth them hurting themselves over this game. If we
came second, that was good enough. I stood up and walked back and forth in the shade, watching them. Elder came
walking over, he nodded at me and I nodded back. We both looked at his sister.
“She won’t give up when she is this close to winning,” he told me.
“I know. I can always order my Gamma to push her,” I said. Elder chuckled.
“I would ask him to count to ten if you do. You will need the head start. My sister isn’t just stubborn, she has quite a
temper. The council may let you use their bunker. You should be safe there until she’s calmed down.” I laughed.
“I will remember that. Thank you for the advice.” We stood next to each other and watched Amie. My aunt came over
and gave us both some water. Elder thanked her and I could see my aunt appreciating his sincerity. I was seriously
thinking about asking Sam to push Amie into the water and end this. The lone wolf on his raft lost his footing and
tumbled into the water. There was a moment of silence and then my pack howled. We had won one of the games. It felt
amazing and I saw Amie and Sam hugging and then jumping into the water.
Just a heads up: novel5s.com is the only place to read the complete version of this book for free. Don’t miss out on the
next chapter—visit us now and continue your journey!
“Congratulations,” Elder said and shook my hand before he left. The pack ran down to the shore to greet the winners.
‘You were amazing,’ I told Amie as I hugged her and then gave Sam a couple of slaps on his back.
‘Thank you. We all did very well,’ she told me. ‘But now I want something to eat and something comfortable to sit on,’
she told me.
‘Do I need to carry you?’ I asked.
‘No. I’m not that weak.’ She wasn’t, she was stronger than most. As the speaker declared our victory and congratulated
us before instructing everyone to head to the buses, I could see my brother looking at us. I didn’t care. I hadn’t seen how
his pack had done. I didn’t care, because I had the best pack and we had done our best. On the bus, my aunt handed out
pasta salad and surgery ice tea. It was just what we all needed.
I had taken a long, cold shower. It was cooling on my heated skin. Hugo had told me I would be fine after a night’s sleep.
I was grateful as I looked ridiculous with blood red cheeks and ears. Maybe Sam had a good point in saying I shouldn’t
let my face melt away. There was a knock on my door and I pulled on my tank top so I wouldn’t be in just my shorts.
“Come in,” I called. Amie walked in and I smiled. She looked a lot better than me. Her skin had a faint red hue, but it
looked more like a glow. She had eaten and rested and the tiredness was gone.
“Hi,” I said, walking up to her and letting my fingers skim her cheek. “Are you okay?” I asked. She smiled.
“I’m fine. I’m more worried about you,” she told me. I saw her assess the damage to my skin.
“Hugo told me it will be healed by tomorrow.” She nodded and held up a jar. It looked like the same stuff Hugo had put
on me at the lake. I got the point and sat down in the armchair in the corner to make it easier for her. I studied her as she worked. Her focus was fully on her task and I barely felt her touch as she applied the sticky stuff. She was so careful.
“Are you upset with me?” she asked after a moment. I frowned.
“No. Why would I?” She stopped what she was doing and looked me in the eye. “Oh, right. No. You did the right thing. I
don’t have it in me to be upset with you. You are just too adorable,” I said. She seemed to relax and I understood she had
been worried about it. As she moved on to my ears, I let my hands rest on her hips. When she was done and was closing
the jar, I pulled her towards me.
“Finn,” she ed and tried to keep her hands away, they must still be sticky.
“Red. Listen to me. There is nothing you can do that will cause issues between us. I might be upset for a moment, and if
you place yourself in danger I will be truly pissed, but it will always pass. Always.” She looked at me and smiled.
“Thank you.” She placed a kiss on my forehead and I desperately wanted to give her a real kiss.
“I should send you out to be social,” she told me.
“You want me to walk around being social with the other packs?” I asked, surprised.
“This would be the best time. If you meet your mate, one look at you and she will run away screaming,” she told me. I
stared at her for a moment, then I laughed so hard my cheeks hurt.
“You got it all planned, haven’t you?” I told her and moved my hands to her waist and let my fingers dig into her sides.
She shrieked and started to laugh.
###Battle of Fate 81
It was the day before the last game. It felt surreal. Sam had the day planned in detail. Everyone knew the last game was
always special. It was always focused on physical strength. Sam had us do some light training in the morning. He and
Matilda had planned a nice lunch and then he forced all of us to take a nap. I was feeling like a kid.
‘Wanna take the nap together?’ Finlay mind linked me.
‘Don’t even joke about it. Did you see the look in Sam’s eyes when Ramses said he didn’t feel like napping? I’m going
into my room and if I can’t fall asleep, I will pretend to snore,’ I told him. Finlay chuckled as he headed for his own room.
In the afternoon we all went for a run in wolf shape and then Sam had arranged for the healers to give us massages and
rub some kind of ointment into our skin. Matilda had a nice dinner prepared for us. We all assumed it was the end of
Sam’s plan so we headed for the TV. We had just got comfortable with our favorite game show when the TV turned off
and Sam stood in front of it.
“Time for bed,” he said. We all groaned as one.
“Sam, enough is enough. I appreciate everything you have done and planned for us. It’s seven o’clock and we have
napped for an hour today,” I ed.
“We need to be well rested for tomorrow,” he insisted.
“An hour of TV won’t kill us,” Finlay told him. Sam sighed.
“Fine! But when we are sleepwalking tomorrow, don’t blame me,” he told us and took his usual place.
“Sleepwalking from going to bed at eight?” Ramses asked. Sam just huffed. I smiled. We all handled nerves differently
and it made sense Sam handled his by training and planning. There was a good reason he was our Gamma. Five to eight,
Sam started to sigh. Ten past eight, we surrendered and headed for bed.
‘Last game tomorrow, Red,’ Finlay mindlinked me when I was in bed.
‘I know. Crazy.’
“You know the big formal dinner the night after the last game?” he asked.
‘I know. Medow had me trying on at least ten dresses for it,’ I told him.
‘Will you be my official date?’ he asked.
‘Took you long enough to ask. I would love to go with you.’
‘Do you want me to get you flowers for when I pick you up?’ I smiled and rolled my eyes in the semi-darkness.
‘Flowers would have been nice, but I think you will have a hard time finding someplace to buy them,’ I pointed out.
‘Right. I will just have to owe you the flowers and get you some when we get back home.’
‘I like that compromise.’ There was a noise from Sam’s room. ‘Do you think he heard us?’ I asked. I could hear Finlay
chuckle from his room.
‘I doubt he can hear our mindlink. Quick, tell me something dirty and we will find out,’ he told me.
‘Perv. I won’t chance it. I’m going to sleep. Good night Finn.’
‘Night Red.’
***
All of us were well rested as we headed for the stadium the next day. The mood amongst all the packs was nervous.
Those who had participated before were talking about the last games they had seen or been a part of. I looked over at
Elder. I had talked to him about setting up a meeting between me and James. James had told him he was too busy today.
I got it. No one knew what state we would be in after the game. But he hadn’t wanted to book a meeting for tomorrow
either. Which irritated me.
“Good morning and welcome to the last game for this year. After today’s game, you will have tomorrow to rest and we will celebrate the ending of the game with a formal dinner. Everyone is welcome to participate. The following day your
results will be available. That is always an interesting day. The day after we will hold the closing ceremony and after the
ceremony, you are free to leave at your own pleasure. We expect everyone to have left within a week. Enough about the
formal parts. Time to get on with what we are here for, your final game. The final game this year will be traditional hand
to hand battle.” The stadium was dead silent. I looked at Finlay, he did not look happy.
‘Are they crazy?’ Sam asked.
Just a heads up: novel5s.com is the only place to read the complete version of this book for free. Don’t miss out on the
next chapter—visit us now and continue your journey!
“The participants will duel it out one on one. You win by either forcing your opponent out of the fighting area or by
holding them in submission for a minute. Shifting is allowed. No going for a kill. To make the fights as fair as possible we will have five groups, A to E. Group A will be for the strongest fighters, group E for the weakest. The other groups are a
sliding scale. Each pack will assign which participant will be in which group. Only one participant from each pack can be
in the same group. We will randomly select who will fight who within the groups. The winner from each fight will move
on to the next round. In between rounds, you may eat and drink freely and your healers will be allowed to tend to any wounds. You have ten minutes to decide how you want to distribute your pack members across the groups.”
‘Fuck,’ Ramses said.
‘I will go in group A, Sam you will go B, Ramses C, Jake D and Amie E, or you sit this one out,’ Finlay told us. Everyone
nodded.
‘Wait, no,’ I ed. Finlay gave me a look. ‘No, listen to me. I do not belong in group E. I should be in group C, I’m the
Beta.’
‘Amie, leave this to us,’ Sam said.
‘I will kick all of your asses if you don’t stop patronising me. I’m not kidding. Medow will understand when I explain, as
will Shelly. I have no issues making you all walk funny,’ I told them. They all looked towards Finlay. ‘Don’t look at him, he
will be right there with you.’
‘Amie, you can get seriously hurt,’ he told me in our private mindlink.
‘I know. I’m still Beta and I refuse to be shoved aside.’
‘Amie in group D and Jake in group E,’ Finlay told us.
‘Sorry,’ I told Jake. He shrugged.
‘I’ll just do the best I can,’ he said. As the official came to collect our names for the different groups, he asked us to leave
the stadium and follow the warriors to where the fights were to be held. I walked next to Finlay.
‘You have to be careful,’ I told him.
Just a heads up: novel5s.com is the only place to read the complete version of this book for free. Don’t miss out on the
next chapter—visit us now and continue your journey!
‘Me? Don’t worry, I’m strong and well trained,’ he said.
‘I know. But so are most of the Alphas here. This is the last game. After this, I can officially accept the rejection. Then we will go home and I refuse to think we have gone through all of this just for you to be injured,’ I told him.
‘I will do my best. I have a date tomorrow I’m looking forward to.’ We were led to an area of the woods where, in
between the tall, straight tree trunks, a large number of fighting stages had been set up. It looked to be around fifty of
them.
‘I don’t like this,’ Ramses said.
‘A lot can go wrong,’ Jake agreed.
‘Remember, if you think someone is going for your life or to seriously injure you, step out of the ring. We would rather
take a low score than lose someone,’ Finlay told us. We all nodded. Five big screens had been set up, one for each group.
It showed who was fighting who. I looked over the screens and could see none of us were fighting a member of the
Ocean shore pack. At least not in the first round. That was a relief. I worried about Finlay going up against his brother, or
James. I was happy knowing my brother would probably be in group B or C which meant I didn’t need to face him. There was one additional thing that was different from the other games. The support staff were free to move around the
fighting stages, it meant the participants weren’t as isolated as before. Matilda walked up to our team and stood by my
side. I smiled at her.
‘Matilda will be staying with you,’ Finlay told me.
‘Why am I getting an escort?’
‘Because we can’t stick together in the team and there are at least two packs I don’t trust at the moment. Just agree with
me on this so I don’t need to worry,’ he told me.
‘I’m only agreeing to it because I don’t want you to be distracted.’
‘Thank you.’ It felt strange to split from the team as Matilda and I made our way to the fighting stage where I would face
my first opponent.
‘I honestly have no idea what they were thinking, deciding this was a good final game. It’s as if they want to see wolves
getting hurt,’ Matilda mindlinked me.
‘Yeah, I’m not too fond of it either,’ I agreed. To be honest, I was nervous. I knew I could handle myself in a fight, but I
only had to use it once. I had insisted I could do this. I didn’t want to be bumped out in the first fight
###Battle of Fate 82
Each fighting stage had an official assigned to it. Their job was to make sure we followed the rules and to count down
when we had our opponent in a hold. At least there were some security measures in place, I thought as I stepped onto
the platform I had been assigned to for my first fight. On the other side another woman stepped up. She was assessing
me like I did with her. My opponent looked trained and the way she looked at me showed intelligence. It wouldn’t be an
easy win. The signal sounded, marking the start of the fight. We slowly circled each other, not looking away. Both ready to
defend ourselves if necessary. She made the first move and charged at me. Keeping her centre of gravity low, bending
her upper body as she came at me. I understood she was trying to push me out of the fighting circle. I stepped to the
right and bent my left leg, pulling it slightly upward. My opponent did most of the work for me as her forward momento
drove her face into my knee.
“Fuck,” she growled and tried to stem the nosebleed with her hand. I made the next attack, hoping she would be
unfocused. She wasn’t and blocked my attack. Her nose stopped bleeding after a minute, but she looked feral with the
blood-streaked face and top. We continued to circle each other, trying to find an opening, making attacks to test the
other’s weak points. We were a good match as we seemed equal in strength and skill. It worried me as I didn’t want to
spend too much time on this fight. It was the first of hopefully many. I couldn’t afford to waste my energy. My opponent
attacked again, and I saw my opening. I sidestepped to the left, taking her off guard and as she tried to adjust her movement, I curled into a ball which had her torso move in over me. I rolled onto my back and her eyes grew bigger as
she realised what I was about to do, but she had no way to stop me. When she was above me, I kicked out with my feet. I
caught her in the stomach and sent her into a somersault. She landed on her back, on the ground outside of the circle. I
smiled as I got to my feet. I was announced as the winner. I walked up to my opponent and reached out my hand.
“Good fight,” I said. She shook my hand.
“Yeah, nice move. I didn’t consider someone would go down in order to win. I will remember it,” she told me.
‘Good work,’ Matilda mindlinked me when I walked over to her.
‘Thank you. How are the others doing?’ I asked. Before she could reply, Finlay and Sam came walking.
‘All of you have won your first rounds,’ Matilda told us. ‘Jake and Ramses are just starting theirs.’ We walked over to the
boards. We all had a break before our second match as the first round matches were still ongoing.
‘I’ll head over and watch Jake,’ I told them. Me and Matilda headed over to where he was fighting and Finlay and Sam
headed for Ramses. Jake was in better shape than I expected. His training had made a big difference and he won his fight
without breaking a sweat.
‘Looking good,’ I told him.
‘Thank you,’ he said.’
My next couple of fights were tough. My opponents knew what they were doing and as I barely managed to win my
fourth fight, I had more scrapes and bruises than I wanted to admit. The last opponent had landed a full out kick to my
ribs and I felt it with each breath. Finlay stood waiting with Matilda when I stepped down from the platform.
‘Are you okay?’ he asked as Matilda handed me water.
‘Yeah. I’ll survive,’ I told him.
‘Jake lost his latest fight and it’s starting to show that Ramses’ shoulder isn’t fully healed yet,’ he told me. I nodded.
‘How about you?’ I asked. He had a bruise on his cheek and claw marks on his shoulder. And that was only what I could
see.
‘No issues,’ he said. We walked over to the boards to have a look at our next opponents.
‘Alpha Logan,’ Finlay remarked as he read the name next to his.
‘I don’t think I have met him,’ I said.
‘He’s a good Alpha. We usually get along. He’s strong, but I think he will fight fair. It will be an interesting match,’ Finlay
told me. I was about to tell him again how much I hated this game when his face grew dark. I looked at what he was
reading. I was to face one of the warriors of his old pack. I felt myself going pale. I had been insisting the brutes from the
Ocean shore pack wouldn’t be as dominant as everyone thought, but now I admitted to being royally screwed.
‘You will step out of the ring the second the signal goes off,’ Finlay told me.
‘I might win,’ I insisted. Mostly because I hated the thought of surrendering, not so much because I believed it.
‘Red, nothing is worth you taking that risk. We know they are not going to play fair,’ he told me.
‘They won’t win anything if they go after me. It’s not like they will take me out of commission for the rest of the games,
this is the last one,’ I said. Finlay sighed and rubbed his eyes.
‘At this point, I’m guessing they are pissed enough not to care anymore. They just want to cause harm to us. You will give
up the fight. This is not about you being strong or not. This is about you not getting hurt and me not losing my mind.’
‘I will give up as soon as I see it going south,’ I agreed.
‘Red.’
‘It’s the best I can do.’
‘Fine. I’m never letting you go to one of these things ever again. Just so you know,’ he told me. I raised an eyebrow.
‘As if you could stop me,’ I told him. He looked like a dark storm cloud until he suddenly smirked.
‘I’ll just make sure you will be pregnant with my pup. Pregnant wolves are not allowed,’ he told me. I could hear the
smugness, as he had found a perfect solution in his mind. I blushed. We had never talked about pups and this was the
moment he brought it up.
‘Idiot,’ I told him and pushed past him to head to my next match. I couldn’t help but to smile.
‘Are you sure about this?’ Matilda asked as she walked with me. She sounded worried, which was not like her.
‘No. I’m thinking this will be a short fight,’ I told her.
‘Don’t be stubborn. You know I love that side of you, but all in moderation.’ I nodded as we reached the stage where I would be fighting. As I made my way onto the platform, I looked at my opponent. He looked even bigger up close. I felt
like an ant. Maybe I should listen to Finlay for once and just give up as soon as the match started. My ribs still hurt from
my last fight, and even if I knew they would heal and I would be as good as new after a night’s sleep. I also knew that
right now, my injury was limiting me. The way he looked at me gave me a bad feeling in my gut. He looked mad and the match hadn’t even started. We took our starting poses and the starting signal sounded. I moved backwards, away from
my opponent. I had about ten steps to the edge. This should be over soon. I had taken two steps when he charged at me.
I tried to move to the side, avoiding him. Too late I understood he wasn’t charging in order to attack me. He was trying
to keep me from reaching the edge of the circle. He grabbed my wrist and swung me closer to the middle.
“You won’t get away, bitch. You will stay and let me play with you. My Alpha told me I needed to mess you up good. It
will get his brother unhinged and ensure he doesn’t move up in the game,” he whispered to me. My insides turned to ice.
I finally decided to give up and he wouldn’t let me
###Battle of Fate 83
I yanked my wrist out of the warrior’s grip and moved away from him. He circled around me in a way which had me in the
middle of the fighting area. As soon as I tried to move closer to the edge, he attacked me. I managed to dodge most of
his attacks, but even the ones that barely skimmed me had a real kick to them. This was becoming a real issue.
“He is intentionally keeping her in the middle,” I heard Matilda telling the official watching over the match.
“There is nothing in the rules saying he needs to let her step out of the match,” he answered her. The match seemed to
go on forever. I had managed to get a hit or two on him. I took some pride from the fact he was limping slightly from me
getting a good hit on his left knee. At the same time I had to be honest with myself, I was losing and it would only get worse. My energy was still high enough for me to block or avoid most of his attacks, but I was starting to fade. As I moved around in the ring, I saw Finlay had joined Matilda and he looked like he was going to kill my opponent. I needed
to end this before I got so tired I made an easy target. I knew he wouldn’t end the fight quickly. At some point Finlay would step in, I knew it in my soul, he wouldn’t be able to stand to the side and watch the warrior pummel me into pulp.
I had a plan, it was risky and I hated it, but it was the only one I had. I charged the giant warrior and as I leaped at him, I
shifted into my wolf. My wolf knew her assignment and bared her teeth. The warrior acted out of instinct to protect
himself from what he perceived to be a full out attack on his life. He aimed a skilful kick at me and I did nothing to avoid
or block it. I braced for the hit and felt his heel connect to my already bruised side. I could hear the ribs breaking and feel
the pain radiating through my body. The hit halted my forward motion and instead sent me flying backwards. My wolf
curled into a tight ball for the impact and when I hit the mat, I continued rolling. With a last thump, I rolled off the mat
and down on the ground. I heard the warrior cry out in frustration at letting me escape and Finlay and Matilda were
calling my name. Finlay was kneeling beside me.
‘I’m okay,’ I mindlinked both of them. I remained on the ground, needing a moment for the pain to ease back and for me
to catch my breath.
‘I’m going to kill him,’ Finley told me. His hands were hovering over my side and head, barely skimming my fur, as if he
was afraid to touch me.
‘Do it and I will kill you. I just took a hit to avoid that scenario. Don’t let it be for nothing,’ I said.
‘He is not going to do anything stupid. He is going to march to his next match and let me take care of you. I have a
change of clothes and Hugo is heading over here to patch you up,’ Matilda decided. ‘She will be good as new when your match is over,’ she added to Finlay. I looked at him and I could see the pain, worry, and anger in his eyes.
‘Use it all to win,’ I told him in our private link. He nodded and got up. Shortly after he left, Ramses and Hugo came
walking. They hurried over to me and Hugo gently examined me.
‘You have a couple of broken ribs that should be stabilised until they heal. It’s best if we do it in your human form. It will
hurt to shift,’ he told me. I scoffed because everything hurt at the moment. I regretted scoffing the moment a wave of
new pain washed over me. I sat up and shifted. Hugo hadn’t been kidding. Shifting had not been painful since my first
shift, but now I gritted my teeth to keep from screaming as I took my human form. Matilda helped me put on an
oversized t-shirt and Ramses gently helped me to stand up. I saw his shoulder was patched up.
‘New or old injury?’ I asked him as we walked over to some tents set up for the healers to work in.
‘Old,’ he said, sounding less than happy. ‘It made me lose my match.’
‘That leaves Sam and Finlay.’
‘They will do us all proud,’ he told me as he helped me sit down on a chair and then pulled a screen across, leaving me
and Hugo in some kind of privacy. Hugo helped me off with the t-shirt and wrapped my ribs tightly. At one point I was
convinced he was trying to kill me. He took a look at my other injuries. Mostly bruises.
‘How long before I’m healed?’ I asked.
‘You are healthy and strong and haven’t taken too much of a beating in the games. I would say your body will mostly be
back to normal by tomorrow,’ Hugo told me as he helped me dress in the oversized t-shirt. I didn’t want anything tight
on my body at the moment, so it would do. I slipped my feet into slippers.
‘I am looking forward to tomorrow’s formal dinner and especially the dancing part of it,’ I said.
‘You will be healed by then,’ he told me with a smile. Matilda and Ramses were waiting for us.
“Should we go and see what else is happening?” Ramses said out loud.
“Sure,” I agreed. We walked out of the tent and headed in amongst the fighting rings. We hadn’t walked far when I
spotted Becky. I looked up at the ring and saw my brother fighting another male. I walked up to Becky and took her
hand.
“Amie! Oh thank the goddess. I hate this. It’s his fifth fight and I feel like killing each one of his opponents,” she told me.
I squeezed her hand, I would have given her a hug, but my body would likely break if she hugged me too tight.
“I’m out so I can stay and watch this one with you,” I offered and introduced her to Ramses and Matilda. Watching my
brother fight was horrible. I understood what Becky had told me. Each blow against him had my gut clenching, each hit
which connected with him had me wanting to claw at the other man. In the end, Elder managed to land a round kick at
his opponent’s head which rendered him unconscious and Elder was proclaimed the winner. Becky hurried over to him as
he stepped off the platform.
“Congratulations, you have some good moves,” I said. He smiled and then he looked at me and his smile fell from his
face. Did I look that bad?
“What the fuck has happened to you?” he asked. I raised an eyebrow and looked at the platform he just had got down
off and then looked him up and down. “Yeah, yeah. I know what happened. Let me rephrase. Who happened to you?”
“A mountain with muscles. I’m fine. Don’t think about doing anything stupid. You still have matches to worry about. And
try to win a little faster from now on. You are giving your mate a heart attack,” I told him. He frowned, but placed a kiss
on Becky’s temple.
“You shouldn’t tell me to win, it means I will beat your pack mate,” he pointed out with a grin. I shrugged.
Just a heads up: novel5s.com is the only place to read the complete version of this book for free. Don’t miss out on the
next chapter—visit us now and continue your journey!
“Not really. Ramses’ shoulder took him out of the game. Since we can’t win this group, I would rather you did than
anyone else.”
“I’m sorry about that. It would have been interesting going up against you,” my brother told Ramses.
“We will have to make that happen sometimes, Beta,” Ramses replied. Becky, Matilda and I rolled our eyes as one.
“Be smart, and be careful,” I said to my brother and gave him a kiss on his cheek.
“Take care of yourself, little sister, and don’t forget to call home tonight,” he reminded me.
“I won’t. Can you please try to arrange a meeting with me and James? I hate to put you in the middle but I would like to
avoid needing to have our talk in public,” I said.
“We will make it happen,” Becky promised me. We said goodbye and we headed to find where our Alpha and Beta were. We were closing in on the final matches. Two rounds left and then there would be the final, where the victors would be
decided. We watched Sam’s next two fights. I was reluctant to watch Finlay after watching my brother. Both Sam and
Finlay won both of their matches. Meaning they both would be in the final event, as was my brother. We went to the
board to find out who they would go up against.
“Oh no,” Matilda said.
###Battle of Fate 84
We had all seen it. Finlay’s opponent in the final fight was his brother.
“Maybe it’s a good thing. This way, they can fight without killing each other,” Ramses said. Matilda and I looked at each
other and I knew we were thinking the same thing. The two brothers couldn’t kill each other, but no matter who won,
their relationship would never recover. This was the final blow. Sam would be facing a Gamma from a pack I hadn’t heard
of and my brother would face the Beta from Medow’s old pack. There was no way around it, I would have to watch Finlay
fight, there was no way I wouldn’t be there for him. We split up. Ramses and Jake walked towards the ring where Sam
would be fighting. Matilda and I walked over to Finlay. He was standing beside the platform with a frown on his face.
When he saw me, the frown deepened.
‘I thought you would be good as new. You don’t look like it,’ he mindlinked me.
‘Oh thanks, just what a woman wants to hear. Easy on the compliments,’ I joked and tried to make him smile. His frown
stayed put. ‘Honestly, I’m in better shape than when you last saw me. I’m standing up and I’m in my human shape. Hugo
tells me I will be all better by tomorrow. So you will have no excuse not to dance with me,’ I said. He didn’t smile, but at
least his frown relaxed.
‘Good.’
‘How are you holding up? We have done well over all, it would be fine for you to step down from this,’ I told him.
‘I won’t. I think we need to do this,’ he said. I knew by the tone he was set on it. I nodded.
‘Matilda and I will be here,’ It was his turn to nod. He took a deep breath and turned to walk up on the platform. The match was about to begin.
‘I don’t know how Becky managed to watch all of Elder’s fights,’ I linked Matilda and felt her take my hand. We stood
side by side, holding hands and watching the two brothers prepare to fight. Tamara came walking and stood on Matilda’s
other side.
“I have done everything I can to not have this happen, and now the game has forced us to this point,” she said.
“Maybe it has always been unavoidable,” Matilda told her sister. I stayed quiet. It would have been easier for Finlay if his
mother hadn’t stopped him challenging his brother eight years ago. I was almost certain he would have won. If he would
have, he wouldn’t have created our pack, and I wouldn’t have met him. So, in a way I should be grateful to his mother. I
decided it was in the past and no matter what I thought about it, it was too late to change. I focused my attention to the
two men as the signal to start the fight sounded. I almost crushed Matilda’s hand as Finlay’s brother attacked him. Alpha
Ryan tried to swipe with his clawed hand at Finlay. Finlay ducked and moved to the left, under his brother’s outstretched
arm. As he moved past, Finlay sent a punch at his brother’s gut. It hit home and I could hear Alpha Ryan release the air
from his lungs. He staggered for a few steps, but recovered and turned to face Finlay again. I felt sick to my stomach as I watched a series of kicks from Alpha Ryan hit their target and Finlay almost went down on one knee. He managed to
parry the final kick and found the strength to remain standing. After a while, Sam, Ramses and Jake came walking. Sam
looked unharmed. I gave him a quick hug.
‘How did you do?’ I asked.
‘What do you think? I won of course,’ he told me. I congratulated him and asked if he was hurt. He reassured me he just
had some bruises. ‘How is he doing?’ he then asked, looking at Finlay.
‘He is holding his own. He is faster and more agile. But Alpha Ryan is stronger,’ I told him.
‘It will be fine. Finlay even manages to beat me from time to time. He will be fine.’ I tried to smile at him. It was nice of
him to try and comfort me. All members of the pack were now standing around us, watching their Alpha fight. Again,
Finlay’s brother used his claws. This time he managed to catch Finlay’s arm and four long wounds opened up and started
bleeding. I did my best to tap down on my growl. Some must have escaped as Sam, Matilda and Tamara all turned and
looked at me. I cleared my throat and Sam smirked. Both fighters looked tired. One way or the other, it would be over
soon and they were terrifyingly equal.
‘Amie, would you do anything for the Alpha to win?’ Ramses asked.
‘Of course,’ I told him.
‘Then please forgive me for this,’ he said as he walked to stand behind me. He placed his hand on my injured side and
pushed. I yelped as the pain which had been forgotten surged to new highs. Ramses had moved away from me as fast as
he could when there was a growl from Finlay. I could see him searching me out and I thought Ramses’ little trick would
only distract him. But then Finlay turned to his brother, and it looked like he had found a new strength as he attacked
Alpha Ryan. The power of the attack had his brother moving backward to avoid being hit. The power behind each punch
was clear. Alpha Ryan almost lost his footing as the back foot hit the edge of the platform. For a second I thought he would step off it, ending the fight. But he found his footing and tried to dodge around Finlay, to get away from both the
edge and his brother. Finlay seemed to have expected the move and took a hold of his brother’s throat, he moved
around his brother and kicked him hard in the small of his back, realising his grip. It made Alpha Ryan land hard on his
stomach. Finlay was on top of him in an instant, taking a strong headlock. His brother was pinned and the official started
the one minute countdown. When he got to half a minute and Finlay’s brother still hadn’t managed to get back up, I
could see the desperation in Alpha Ryan’s eyes.
‘He’s going to shift,’ I mindlinked the others. I had barely finished the sentence before we could see the shimmer
surrounding Alpha Ryan. This could go badly. If Finlay’s brother managed to shift while Finlay was this close to him, he
could use his teeth and claws before Finlay could shift and defend himself. But Finlay knew what was happening. He
shifted his grip to his brother’s throat.
“Don’t,” he growled. The shimmer around Alpha Ryan vanished and the official finally reached a minute. Our pack
howled as Finlay was declared the winner. We surrounded him as he got back down off the ring and congratulated him. I
could see he was moving stiffly, meaning he had taken more damage than he wanted us to know.
“Okay, okay. Give him some space and let him get checked out by the healers,” I told everyone and they made room
around him. It was then I realised his mother wasn’t with us. I looked around and just caught a glimpse of her walking
away with his brother. “Come on, time to get checked out,” I told him.
“I’m fine,” he insisted.
“I believe you, but everyone just needs a little reassurance at the moment. It won’t cost you a thing.”
“Fine, but we do it back at the cabin, I had enough of this place,” he said. I nodded. I was on the same page. As we walked past the board, I saw my brother had won his final match as well. I was happy for him. The walk back was not
comfortable, but I did my best to hide it. We finally got back to the cabin and I realised I needed to climb two sets of
stairs.
Just a heads up: novel5s.com is the only place to read the complete version of this book for free. Don’t miss out on the
next chapter—visit us now and continue your journey!
“I’ll just go and grab some milk. You can head up first,” I told the others. I needed a moment to brace for the task and I would rather not have everyone else standing around to watch when I tried to do it. I should have known Finlay and Sam
would follow me into the kitchen.
“Milk?” Sam asked.
“Yeah.” I took the milk out and filled a glass. “You want?” I asked.
“No thank you,” Sam said. Finlay remained silent. Looking at me. I drank my milk slowly. No one spoke. As I put the glass
in the sink I was ready to face the stairs.
“How bad is it?” Finlay asked.
“Not that bad,” I said.
“Bad enough to avoid stairs,” Sam pointed out.
“Not avoid. I just needed to prepare.”
“Red.” There was a clear warning in his words.
“Three broken ribs.”
“Fuck,” Sam said.
“It’s okay. I will be fine by tomorrow.”
“I’ll carry you upstairs,” Finlay told me.
“Don’t think I don’t see that you are hurt as well. You try to hide it, but something is wrong with your left side,” I said.
“He got in a lucky hit,” Finlay muttered.
“I will be fine. It will just take some time for me to get up to the room. Go on ahead, Hugo is waiting on you,” I insisted.
“I will carry you. I have already been checked out and I only have some bruises,” Sam told us both. I saw Finlay almost
ing. Then he paused and finally he nodded.
“Are you sure?” I asked.
“Come on, Amie. It will be fun.” They both walked me to the stairs. The rest of the pack had gone to do their own thing
until dinner. Sam made sure he kept my injured side towards him as he gently lifted me. I couldn’t see any pain on his
face and he walked up the stairs as if he wasn’t carrying me. Finlay walked a step behind, making sure we made it safely.
At the third floor, Sam gently put me down on my feet. “Think of me as your personal elevator until you have healed,” he
told me. I had to giggle.
“Thank you, Sam,” I said.
“Just let me know when you need me. Now I’m off to take a shower and call Medow. I’m happy she didn’t know what the
final game was. She will be worried enough hearing about it when she already knows I’m fine.” Sam walked off to his
room. Hugo stood outside Finlay’s room.
“Go and get checked out and take a shower. Tell me when you are done and we can have a talk,” I said to Finlay. “If he is
being stubborn, let me know,” I told Hugo.
“Take it easy,” Finlay told me. I nodded and walked into my room.
###Battle of Fate 85
I was glad I had chosen to just wear the oversized t-shirt. It was easy enough to get off me. Then I paused. I had the tight
wrapping around my ribs and I didn’t know what to do.
‘Hugo, I was about to shower, but what do I do with the bandages?” I asked.
‘Beta Amie, the best thing is if you could avoid to shower. Just wash yourself with a washcloth. If you really need to
shower, remove the bandage and let me know. I will put them back on once you are done,’ he told me.
‘I will just wash then. Thank you.’ I walked into the bathroom and did my best to wash up without getting the wrapping wet. Next step was an expedition to find something to wear. I had mostly packed regular t-shirts and tank tops. It seemed
logical at the time. I finally found the summer dress Medow had insisted I bring. It was flowy with thin spaghetti straps.
Just what I needed. I had to thank Medow when we get back.
‘I’m all done,’ Finlay mindlinked. I smiled and walked over to his room. He walked up to me and stood so close I could
see the different hues of blue in his eyes. But he didn’t reach for me, or touch me in any way. ‘I don’t want to hurt you,’
he told me. I smiled and took his hands and wrapped his arms around me. Then I wrapped my arms around him. Gently,
to make sure I didn’t worsen an injury. I sighed and relaxed. Finlay tilted his head and rested his cheek on top of my
head.
‘I hated watching you fight,’ I told him.
‘You are supposed to tell me how strong and impressive I was,’ he pointed out. I giggled.
‘You were both. I still hated it.’
‘Yeah, it has been a long time since I felt as helpless as when I had to watch you get hurt,’ he said.
‘We won’t be doing this again anytime soon.’
‘No. We have other things to do,’ he agreed.
‘Can you believe it’s finally over? No more games.’
‘We made it to the end.’
‘And in two days we will know the results,’ I said.
‘We will have some time to heal and decompress before the results and before heading home,’ Finlay told me.
‘My brother will help me get a meeting with James.’
‘And if James refuses?’ he asked.
‘Then Becky will let me know when he is out and about and I will just have to do it in public. I’m really hoping it won’t
come to that. My first rejection was public, and I hated it. I would like my second one to be private,’ I told him.
‘It’s still your first one,’ he reminded me.
‘Yeah, but it feels like two.’
‘You are still okay with it?’ he asked.
‘I am. I’m looking forward to it. It feels horrible to say it, but I do.’
“Hey. Don’t say that. It’s not horrible of you. This thing has been dragged out far beyond what is reasonable. You have
every right to feel you want it over with.’
‘How bad are your injuries?’ I asked. ‘And be honest.’
‘The kick to my side cracked a rib, he slashed my arm and then there are some small bruises from all the other fights. I
should be back to normal later tonight,’ he told me.
‘Good.’&nbsp;
‘How about a nap?’ he asked.
‘I need to call my mother. She will kill me when she finds out what the last game was and I don’t check in.’ I explained.
‘Good thinking. Come along,’ he said and led me over to the bed. He was gentle as he lifted me up and placed me in the
middle of it. He got comfortable against the headboard and patted the space between his legs. I sat down and leaned my
back against his chest as he wrapped his strong arms around me. I felt myself relax into him. I took out my phone and
dialled my mother.
“Armeria, I’m so happy you called, your brother is talking to your dad,” mom said.
“Hi, mom. Good. He was amazing today, he won his part of the game,” I told her.
“Your dad told me what the final game was. The council must have become senile. Making you fight each other like
savages. I thought we left those days behind us,” she said. I could feel Finlay holding back his laughter at my mom’s
indignity.
“Yeah, definitely not my favorite part,” I agreed.
Just a heads up: novel5s.com is the only place to read the complete version of this book for free. Don’t miss out on the
next chapter—visit us now and continue your journey!
“Did you get hurt? Elder didn’t answer when your dad asked.”
“A little,” I told her. Finlay nudged me. “I got a couple of broken ribs,” I confessed and heard my mother draw in a sharp
breath. “But our healer says I will be fine by tomorrow.”
“You better be or you will give me the name of the wolf who did it to you and I will find them and show them what
happens if you hurt one of my kids,” my mom growled.
‘I see where you get your temper from,’ Finlay mindlinked me.
‘I don’t have a temper,’ I told him.
“I’ll be fine mom. There are no more games, so I can rest up and have some fun. The formal dinner is tomorrow.”
“Oh, I had almost forgotten about that. It was always my favourite part. Have you got a dress?” she asked.
“I do. It’s an emerald green one with a full-length skirt and off-shoulder sleeves. You would love it. I’ll make sure to snap
some pictures when I’m all dressed up,” I told her.
“Sounds wonderful. You will look amazing no matter what you wear,” she told me.
‘She is right,’ Finlay mindlinked me and kissed my shoulder.
“Do you have a date?” my mom wanted to know. I could practically hear her wiggling her eyebrows.
“I do,” I said. “It’s not James,” I added to make sure I didn’t get her hopes up.
“I guessed as much. I have heard about his little trick with Cindy and him refusing to set a meeting with you. I’m not
particularly happy with him, but he is my Alpha. He may be a good alpha, but he is, and always has been, a horrible mate.” There was a pause.
“Mom?” I asked.
“I have something to ask. I don’t like it, but I promised I would,” she told me and she really didn’t sound happy about it.
“Sure. You can ask me anything,” I said.
Just a heads up: novel5s.com is the only place to read the complete version of this book for free. Don’t miss out on the
next chapter—visit us now and continue your journey!
“The former Alpha and Gamma couples would like the chance to talk to you. They asked me to see if you would be
willing to set up a meeting call with them. Your dad and I would be in the meeting as well, and if you want to bring
someone that is fine as well. Like your Alpha,” she told me. The question threw me for a loop. They had all been my aunts
and uncles growing up. Two extra sets of parents for Elder and me. But it had changed. Maybe it was time to mend the
bonds, or at least catch up with them. I didn’t miss how nonchalantly my mom had suggested Finlay to be my support,
as if anything else was just not enough.
“Can I think about it?” I asked.
“Of course you can. You can say no as well. Me and your dad are happy to tell them to go where the sun doesn’t shine if
that is what you want,” she told me and I heard her smile. I laughed.
“That won’t be necessary. I just want to get back home and have all this situation with James over with before I commit
to it,” I told her.
“Good call. The rejection may change things,” my mom agreed.
“Is that pumpkin? Put her on speaker,” I heard my dad in the background. “Hi, pumpkin.” he said as mom put her phone
on speaker.
“Hi dad. How are things?” I asked.
“Never mind me. How about you? Elder told me about the game and that you ended up hurt.”
“Just a little. I had to take a hit to get out of a bad situation. Nothing to worry about.” He grumbled something I couldn’t
hear.
“We will let you get some rest. Thank you for calling us, Armeria. Take care of yourself, have fun tomorrow and say hi to
your Alpha and congratulate him on his victory from us,” my mom said.
“Thank you, mom. I will. I’ll call you after I have talked to James.” We hung up and I leaned my head on Finlays shoulder.
“Mom says hi,” I told him. He chuckled.
“I think your mom likes me,” he said, sounding proud.
“I think so too. My dad does as well,” I agreed.
“Will you agree to talk to the others?” he asked.
“I think so. If they are still interested after I reject their Alpha. Will you be there if I do?” I asked.
“Nothing could stop me. Now it’s time for a nap, just relax and drift off. You will feel better by the time Matilda wakes us
up for dinner,” he told me. I knew he was rig
###Battle of Fate 86
The first thing I did when I woke up the following morning was to go and knock on Amies door. She looked half asleep
when she opened the door.
“Finn, is something wrong?” she asked, followed by a yawn that would have dislocated most people’s jaws.
“Nothing wrong. How are your ribs?” I asked. She stretched, turned from side to side and then shrugged.
“They don’t hurt at all. I guess Hugo was right. How about your side and your arm?”
“That’s not important. You are sure you are fine?”
“I’m sure, and it is important,” she insisted. She started unwrapping the bandage I had on my arm after my brother had
clawed me.
“See, not even a scar,” I told her. She let her fingers caress over the skin.
“Good. Then we are both fine,” she said. I wasn’t all the way happy, I felt like I should insist on checking on her injury, but
I had a feeling it would lead us into dangerous waters. I had to keep myself under control for a while longer. If that
coward James refused to meet Amie for much longer, I would personally drag him into the woods and make him listen to
her. If she wanted to do it in private, that was what would happen. He had got to dictate how he rejected her. She would
get to dictate how she rejected him. So, instead of telling her to pull her sleep top up and show me her side, I smiled.
“Breakfast?” I asked.
“Yes please. I’ll just change,” she told me. I waited while she got ready and we walked down together. The mood in the
cabin was high. The game was over, no need to dread what was up next. Now we just had a couple of days of relaxation
and tied up loose ends ahead of us. There was the fact we were still waiting for our points and rank. I decided not to worry about it for the day. Today we would spend the day resting. Everyone was free to do what they pleased. I knew
Ramses still hadn’t given up hope of meeting his mate and Sam was going to spend some time with Medow’s father. I was planning on not letting Amie out of my sight, so whatever she was planning on doing, I would do it as well. My aunt
might go and see my mother. I didn’t know if my brother would let that happen after my win yesterday. I hoped he would, they were sisters and had been close until the last eight years.
“What do you want to do today?” I asked Amie as we had eaten and people were heading off to do their thing.
“I was thinking I might walk around a bit. I haven’t really moved around the other packs and now seems to be as good of
a time as any. Want to join?” she asked.
“Sounds like fun, I would love to come along.” We told Sam and Jake what we were doing and headed out. It was
another beautiful day and Amie had been right in guessing it was a good time talking with other packs. Everyone seemed
to have relaxed and was open to talk to us. Without talking about it we avoided our old packs. We walked into the
campsite, and it was like a whole other world. The tents and campervans were standing close together and the mood was
high with BBQs going and music playing. We came to a colourful tent with what looked to be most of its pack sitting
outside. They greeted us and one of the males looked at Amie. I sighed internally, it had been the same throughout the
day. She was a stunning wolf and unmarked, even with me by her side, she drew attention. I had been on my best
behaviour and kept my ions to glares. This male jumped up from his seat and headed straight for her. I was close to
growling.
“Well hi there,” Amie said, as if she knew him.
“You are the Beta from Blue mountain, right?” he asked.
“That would be me,” she agreed.
“I need to apologise again. I’m really sorry about hurting you,” he told her. Amie smiled.
“It’s fine. I got under your skin. I get it. It was an honest mistake,” she said.
“Still, I should have better control of my temper. My mate has been scolding me ever since,” he insisted. He glanced
down at a smaller male who got up and put his arm around the him. That was when I saw they both had mate marks. I
relaxed as I understood who he was. I would have been tempted to teach him about hurting Amie, but he seemed
sincerely regretful.
“I have. He should know better than to have himself all worked up over a thing like that,” the smaller man said.
“Oh, don’t be too upset with him. I can be really, really annoying when I try,” Amie said.
“She can. Even when she isn’t trying,” I added. Both men laughed and I earned myself an elbow in the side from Amie.
Their Alpha came walking up to us.
“I’m Alpha Jonas, we are the Winter Peak pack,” he said, extending his hand towards me.
“Alpha Finlay from Blue Mountain, this is my Beta, Amie,” I said, shaking his hand.
“We are sorry about Lawrence hurting your Beta. I hope you don’t hold it against our pack,” Alpha Jonas told us.
“Not in the least. Things like this happens,” I said, and Amie nodded.
Just a heads up: novel5s.com is the only place to read the complete version of this book for free. Don’t miss out on the
next chapter—visit us now and continue your journey!
“Why don’t you join us for a burger?” the Alpha asked. We accepted and after an hour we were well on our way to an
alliance. We exchanged information and decided to get in touch after the games.
“We need to start heading back. I have a date with the other women soon. We are getting ready together. No men
allowed on the second floor,” Amie told me.
“What am I to do until the dinner?” I asked, not happy with the prospect of an Amie free afternoon.
“Well, I don’t know. Hang with the other men? Get ready for the dinner. If I spend time getting ready, I expect you to do
the same. I’m looking forward to a proper date.” I spent the walk back thinking about it. I had to admit I was out of
practice when it came to dating. Since I met Amie six years ago, I hadn’t been interested in dating anyone. Before then I
had too much to do with the pack and making sure we would survive. When I thought back it had been around ten or
eleven years since I had been on a date. I made sure Amie got home safe and watched as all the women, including my
aunt, disappeared up the stairs. I found Sam sitting on the sundeck, playing cards with Ramses and Jake.
“How do you date someone?” I asked them as I took a seat. They all stopped playing and looked at me.
“What part of dating are you asking about?” Sam asked.
“The actual dating part,” I told him. Ramses smiled.
“Have you asked Amie to go with you to the formal dinner?” he asked, and I felt like I was fifteen and going to a prom.
“Yes,” I said.
“Ah, I remember being newly mated,” Jake said.
“Yeah, fun times,” Sam said.
“That is all nice and shit, but it doesn’t tell me anything,” I pointed out.
“It’s easy, Alpha. Just show up, be nice, make sure she feels like she is the only one you see and listen to what she tells
you,” Jake told me. Sam nodded. I looked at Ramses.
“Don’t look at me, I’m just as unmated as you are,” he told me. Sam laughed.
“But that’s what I do every day,” I ed. Sam and Jake looked at each other.
“Yeah. But on a date you like dress up and maybe bring her some chocolate and stuff,” Sam said.
“Sounds right,” Jake agreed. I decided my friends were useless. I had to figure this thing out on my own. I sat back and
tried to think of something. Amie had wanted flowers. I thought it would be impossible, but as we walked around I saw a
lot of wild flowers. I smiled and got back up.
“Where are you going?” Sam asked.
“I’m not telling you. I will be back in an hour or so to get ready.”
Three hours later and I was ready to go. I had put on a dark suit and I had got a sizable bouquet with wildflowers. I was waiting with the other men downstairs as the women came down one by one. They all looked amazing. Last one down
was Amie. When she came walking down, I forgot how to breathe. How could someone be so beautiful that my brain
stopped working? Her emerald green dress had a tight top. The short sleeves were off the shoulder and the top followed
the curves of her breast, hugging her waist and complimenting her every curve. The skirt flared out and was full length, it
gently swayed as she moved. Her curly, red hair was loose and pulled to drape down over one shoulder. The only
jewellery she wore was simple gold loop earrings and the gold necklace I had given her on her birthday. She looked like a
goddess descending from heaven.
“You look beautiful,” I told her as I walked to meet her. I handed her the flowers.
“Flowers! Thank you,” she said with a brilliant smile and stuck her nose into them. “You look very handsome today,” she
then told me.
“I need to keep up with my date,” I told her, happy she liked the flowers. I offered her my arm and she took a grip on it.
“We need to put these in water,” she said.
“We can put them back into the same container they have been standing in waiting for us to get ready,” I said and
walked her into the kitchen. With her flowers safe, we all walked to where the dinner was to be held. The area the fighting
rings had been in the day before had been transformed to the point of being unrecognisable. Tables with white linen
tablecloths had been set up. One for each pack. In the middle of the area, an enormous dancefloor was built with a stage
in the centre for a live band. Between the straight, tall wood trunks fairy lights and lanterns were hung. The sun was still
up. It would be for hours. But the trees gave enough shade for the lights to have effect.
“This is amazing,” Amie said as she took it all in. I only had eyes for her. If she was happy, I was happy. People from other
packs were moving around, all dressed up, all in a good mood. We walked over to the Cayote Hill pack to talk and
congratulate each other on a good game. I made sure Amie kept her hand on my arm and stood close to me. Far too
many eyes were on her. I didn’t mind as long as they respected that she was with me tonight. As we walked to our table, I
kept an eye out for James and my brother. Neither was going to ruin this night.
Previous Page Next Page
Feedback Book Request
?Copyrigh
###Battle of Fate 87
The five course dinner was amazing. The atmosphere was stunning, and Finlay looked good enough to eat. He was
ticking all the boxes I could wish from a date. The way he looked at me, like I was the centre of his world, had me longing
for his mark. The conversation around the table was light, we were all in a good mood. Finlay had his hand resting on the
back of my chair, his fingers lightly skimming my bare shoulder. His aunt was telling me a story from her first formal
dinner back in their old pack. The band had started playing and the evening felt perfect. Both Finlay and I laughed at the
punchline of Matilda’s story. Finlay leaned closer to me.
“Do you want to dance?” he asked. I smiled.
“I do, I have been looking forward to it,” I confessed. He returned my smile and got up. He helped me up from my chair
and told the others where we were going. I saw several knowing smirks from them, but I didn’t care. I knew the time
when Finlay and I could be open about how we felt was almost here. He led me to the dancefloor and pulled me into his
arms as he led me out amongst the other couples. He held me close and I relaxed and enjoyed the moment.
‘You look happy,’ he mindlinked me.
‘I am happy, very happy,’ I told him.
‘It makes me happy.’
“But I want to dance!” we heard a shrill voice . We both looked in the direction of it, and we weren’t alone. Cindy
was standing next to James. She looked to be seconds away from stomping her foot like a child having a tantrum. Her
face had almost the same pink colour as her dress. James gave her a stern look and she shrunk and then stormed off.
James turned his attention to me.
‘Ignore him,’ I linked Finlay. ‘He has been ignoring me for days. We can ignore him for an hour or two.’
‘I don’t know who you are talking about,’ Finlay told me. He was really on his best behaviour. The music changed into a
slower tune, and Finlay didn’t hesitate to pull me even closer. We rested our temples against each other and I could feel
him scent me. ‘I love you, Red,’ he said in our link.
‘I love you too, Finn. I’m happy I get to share this moment with you. It feels magical,’ I told him. We danced for a couple
of more dances. Then Finlay led me off the dancefloor and we headed for our table. Before we got to it, Elder and Becky
came walking. Elder looked handsome in his dark suit and Becky was beautiful in a red dress. Becky and I hugged while
Finlay and Elder shook hands. I gave Elder a kiss on his cheek.
“Please tell me he is treating you like a queen tonight,” I said to Becky. She giggled.
“He is,” she told me.
“Everything okay?” Finlay asked. Elder sighed, and I knew the sigh by now.
“What does he want?” I asked.
“He has agreed to see you. If it’s done tonight. I told him it was a shit move, but he won’t listen.” I could feel Finlay tense
up. I rubbed his arm.
“Fine. It’s not what I hoped for, but I’ll take it and get it over with,” I agreed. “Tell him to meet me by the bridge over the
creek in half an hour. The place should be empty tonight,” I added.
“I will come as well,” both Finlay and Elder said at the same time. Becky giggled and I smiled.
“No, you won’t, neither of you. I will do this in private. It’s the dignified way to handle this. Does he agree to my terms?” I
asked Elder. There was a moment of silence as he mindlinked his Alpha.
“He says he will see you there,” Elder said.
Just a heads up: novel5s.com is the only place to read the complete version of this book for free. Don’t miss out on the
next chapter—visit us now and continue your journey!
“Good. Now go and have fun and don’t think too much about this. That is what tomorrow is for,” I told both my brother
and his lovely mate. I hugged Becky again and then Finlay took me back to our table.
‘Red,’ he started as we sat down.
‘No, Finn. Don’t ruin a perfectly amazing evening. I will take a little break from it. When I get back one more thing will
have been resolved and we can go back home to start the rest of our lives,’ I told him.
‘What if he tries to harm you?’
‘You, Sam, Ramses and Jake are within linking distance. I can hold him off until you get there. It won’t come to that. He
knows why I want to meet, he has agreed to it. I will be back before you know it,’ I insisted. I got up and headed for the
bridge. It was in the part of the forest that was thicker with undergrowth. It would give us some privacy. It took me ten minutes to walk through the forest to the bridge, but James was already waiting. His eyes grew bigger as I stepped into
the clearing.
“Amie, you came,” he said.
“Of course I did. I have been trying to set up a meeting for days,” I answered.
“You are upset with me.”
“I’m upset that you try to drag this thing out,” I corrected him.
Just a heads up: novel5s.com is the only place to read the complete version of this book for free. Don’t miss out on the
next chapter—visit us now and continue your journey!
“You are being stubborn and won’t give me another chance. I thought that if I dragged it out and your pack was forced
together with the Ocean shore pack, you would have to come back home and then we would have a chance to start
over,” he told me.
“James, that wouldn’t have happened. If you hadn’t agreed to meet me, I would have made sure we ran into each other
in a more public setting. This needs to end. We both deserve a new start. You can have Cindy, or someone else,” I said.
“And you can have your Alpha,” he spat out, sounding bitter.
“I can. And I can forget everything about fated mates and just enjoy life with my chosen mate instead. If you want to hold
out for a second chance mate, I wish you all the best of luck.”
“Amie, please. I beg you not to do this. Please take pity on me.” I looked at him. He didn’t look well.
“James. This isn’t healthy, it’s not good for either of us. The bond between us has turned toxic. I don’t want the bond, I
haven’t wanted it for many years. If anything I would like my friend back. The one who picked blueberries for me when I
was sick and who made sure I didn’t have to walk by the old bridge alone because I believed a troll lived under it. I don’t want this. This could have been great, it could have been amazing, but it never was and it never will be.” I had to take a moment to collect myself. The forest was quiet, the music didn’t reach us. It was only the pebbling from the brook and
the soft sound of the wind rustling the leaves. “I, Beta Armeria Rose Sage Winstone…”
“No! Amie, please. Please don’t do this to me, to us,” James begged me as he fell to his knees in front of me.
“… accept your rejection.” I felt the frail tendrils of the bond between us vanish. There was no snap, no pain. It was just a
feeling of freedom, of peace. James howled in pain. I turned my back on him to head back.
“Amie, wait. What happens now?” he asked. I looked back over my shoulder.
“Now we go back home and find happiness, James. We learn and we move forward. I wish you all the happiness that life
can bring. I hope you find a mate you will love and accept. I hope you build a happy family and that your pups get to
grow up as we did. And I hope that when your pups find their mates, they will accept them because you will have taught
them the value of the bond. That is what will happen, James.” I could hear him sobbing as I walked away. I didn’t feel bad
for him. I just felt relieved. I was done with true mates, with mate bonds, and with fate. I would choose Finlay and he would choose me and it would be perfect. I was walking through the woods, heading back to the dinner. The scent hit me
from nowhere and I wanted to cry when my wolf told me my mate was close. Why me? What had I done to the moon
goddess for her to hate me like this? Why wouldn’t she just let me be happy? I steeled myself and turned towards the
scent. I had rejected one mate this evening, I could reject fifty more if I needed to.
###Battle of Fate 88
From between the trees Finlay came walking. My heart stopped as I took in the moment. I drew in my mate’s scent again
and relief washed over me as I recognised it. It was Finlay’s scent. Finlay was my second chance mate? He didn’t stop as
he reached me, he stepped into my space, took a grip on my neck and kissed me as if his life depended on it. I wrapped
my arms around his neck and responded to the kiss. Sparks danced where our skin touched. These sparks were miles
from the ones I had felt with James. I welcomed the tingling sensation. Finlay kept moving forward, making me back up
into the trees and bushes. I didn’t care. The only important thing was our kiss and the sparks. When my back hit a tree
trunk, we stopped moving and Finlay pressed his body against mine. He ended the kiss and looked into my eyes. I could
see how close to the surface his wolf was, mine was as well. She felt her mate, her real mate, the one she had been
accepting all along.
“You are mine,” Finlay told me. The presence of his wolf made his voice dark and growling.
“You’re my mate,” I told him. He smirked.
“I am.” Then he kissed me again. I desperately wanted to feel more of the sparks. The kiss and my hands on his neck weren’t enough. I tugged on his tie until I got it off him. I threw it into the bushes. Finlay took a handful of my hair and
tilted my head to the right, exposing my neck to him. He kissed his way down it, and I shivered as my fingers did their
best to unbutton his shirt. He growled in approval as the last buttons were undone and I placed my hands flat against his
six pack. He licked his way up to my ear and I let out a needy sound. “Do you feel the sparks, Red?” I hummed and let my
hands travel up over his naked skin. Enjoying the sparks and exploring each valley and rise of his muscles. I watched my
hands travel over his chest as he kissed my neck, his hand still tangled in my hair. My eyes found the tattoo he had on his
chest. Sam, Martin and Finlay had gone on a boys trip a couple of years back and they had all come back with tattoos. Martin had blue mountains with a howling wolf in front of them tattooed on his upper arm. He had been proud of it and
showed me the moment they got back. Medow had told me Sam had tattooed her name on his ribs. I had asked Finlay
what he had tattooed, but all I had got was that it was personal. I had been tempted to sneak a peak when we shifted,
but it went against all social norms, so I had refrained. Now he was all mine to look at. I found it and took it in. It was the
size of a baseball and had a rounded shape. In the background, there were mountains. The same mountains which
surrounded the pack land. As the centre of the tattoo, there was a flower. I recognised it, it was an armeria flower. It took
my breath away all over again and I placed my hand over it. Finlay stopped kissing my neck and looked down at it and
my hand.
“Do you like it?” he asked.
“I love it, but you had it done years ago,” I said. He smiled at me.
“I have known for a long time who owns my heart,” he told me. With my free hand I pulled him to me and kissed him.
Finlay didn’t hesitate. He responded to my feverish kiss with just as much passion and need. His free hand caressed my
skirt clad leg. He pulled it up to wrap it around him, but he needed to free it from the dress first.
“To many fucking layers,” he whispered against my lips. I smiled. He managed to untangle my leg and I felt his hand
travel up and down it as I wrapped it around his hip. Finlay rolled his hips against me and I whined out my need. “Red, we
need to stop this before we get out of control. I will take you back to the cabin, it should be empty now,” Finlay told me.
“No. It’s too far. We can just stay right here,” I ed.
“Your first time shouldn’t be against a tree in the woods,” he ed.
“I don’t fucking care. My first time will be with you. That is all that matters,” I told him. He used his hold of my hair to pull me to him. He kissed me with a devouring need. I let my hands run over Finlay’s skin under his shirt. He let go of my leg,
but I kept it wrapped around him, anchoring us together. Finlay took a grip on the front of my dress and pulled it down,
exposing my naked breasts to the warm summer air. He broke the kiss and covered one of my nipples with his mouth,
letting his tongue play with it. “Fuck!” I exclaimed, tilting my head back against the tree. My fingers curled and I dragged
my nails over Finlay’s skin to try and pull him closer to me. A low rumble came from Finlay, sounding approving. His hand
was back on my leg, going up under the skirt. He took a firm grip on my ass and pressed me against him. I was working
on pure instinct when I did my best to move against him. The bulk of my skirt hindered me and made me frustrated.
Finlay switched his attention to my other breast and a new wave of sparks danced over my skin. “Finn!” I moaned.
‘Keep it up, Red. I love the sound you’re making,’ he linked me. I wanted more, more of him and the way he set my body
on fire. I tried to get his belt open, I was distracted by his skilful mouth and his hand which caressed my ass, moving me
against him. After struggling with the thing for far too long, I lost my patience and used a claw to slice through the
leather. Finlay chuckled and let go of my nipple. He kissed his way up my chest and neck. “Getting needy?” he whispered
in my ear. It was a stupid question and instead of answering it, I gripped his hair and pulled him into a kiss. He used the
grip he still had on my hair to secure me to him. With the belt out of the way, I made quick work of unzipping his pants
and put my hand inside. I could feel his cock, still separated from my hand by his boxers. This was so far out of my
comfort zone, I had no idea what I was doing and was relying heavily on what I had read in romance books. Finlay moved
against my hand. I took it as I was doing the right thing and firmed my grip. His hold on my ass shifted and his hand moved over my leg to my front. One moment I was wearing panties, the next, they had been ripped from my body and
stuffed into Finlay’s pocket. We ended the kiss and looked at each other.
“Don’t stop,” I told him. He kissed me softly.
“I will never stop. You are mine now, Armeria. We never need to stop,” he said. As he locked eyes with me, he slid a finger
into me. His thumb found my clit and he moved his hand in the same pace I moved mine. The pleasure was building
inside me at a rapid rate.
“Finn,” I panted. All his focus was on me. The fire in his eyes was scolding hot.
“Just stay with me, Red. I’m right here. Trust in me and let go, I will catch you,” he told me. I trusted him and I let my
body lead me. I climaxed hard and I heard Finlay growl in approval. It sent me off into a smaller climax. He kissed me and
I wrapped my arm around his neck. “That was just the test drive, sweetheart. Are you ready for the real thing?” he asked. I
giggled and kissed his neck.
“You are lucky I had a big dinner, I have a lot of energy to burn,” I told him. He licked my neck.
“Lucky indeed,” he agreed. We kissed and I did my best to pull his pants and underwear down. He was doing his best to
find his way through my skirt.
“Finn,” I whined.
Just a heads up: novel5s.com is the only place to read the complete version of this book for free. Don’t miss out on the
next chapter—visit us now and continue your journey!
“One moment. This thing is growing as we speak, why do you need all these layers?” he asked, I could hear the
frustration. It would have been funny if I wasn’t just as frustrated. I heard something rip, but I didn’t care as it seemed to
solve our issue. Finlay was again kissing me. “Tell me if you want me to stop. Any time, just tell me,” he told me as we
drew apart. I smiled and took a moment to take the sight of him in.
“I’m not afraid of you, Finn. I want you to mark me, we have waited long enough,” I told him.
“Your will is my command,” he told me. His one hand took a hold of my jaw, making sure I kept looking at him. With his
other hand he aligned his cock with my pussy and slowly entered me. I drew in a breath as the feeling of him filling me
was unlike anything I had experienced. “Mine,” he told me.
“Mine,” I told him right back. He pulled back and thrusted forward. The pleasure inside me made me whimper.
“I love you,” Finlay growled as he picked up speed.
“I love you too,” I told him and found myself moving against him. Finding our rhythm together, we kissed and then we
broke apart to kiss down each other’s necks. I felt his sharp teeth scrape against my skin and my own wolf’s teeth grew. My wolf knew what needed to be done and she pushed me hard. I felt Finlay’s teeth sink into my neck and it was the most blissful thing I had ever felt. I let my teeth sink into his marking spot and we both reached our peak at the same
time. I felt the bond snap in place. It was strong and stable.
Previous Page Next Page
Feedback Book Request
?Copyright
202
###Battle of Fate 89
My world settled again. Everything had shifted slightly. Amie, my mate, was now the centre of everything. As she should
be. I felt the bond between us, I couldn’t describe the feeling. I had followed her earlier when she went to meet James. I
stayed far enough away not to intrude, but close enough to get to her quickly if needed. When the scent of my mate had
come to me, I had known it could only be her. It was the only thing which made sense to both me and my wolf. I took in
her scent now and smiled as a hint of my own scent was mixed in with hers. From now on, we would always carry each
other’s scents. I kissed my mark on her neck, it had almost healed and formed the permanent mark that would show
everyone she was mine. Amie’s fingers were raking through my hair and I just wanted the moment to last forever. But we were out in the open, or at least out in the woods.
“Red, I think it’s time for us to head for the cabin. We should have it to ourselves for a couple of hours,” I told her. She
hummed and I could hear the satisfaction in the sound. Pride bloomed in my chest.
“How bad is the state of my dress?” she asked.
“I think I ripped it at one point. I’m sorry. I’ll buy you a new one,” I promised. She giggled.
“I don’t care about the dress. I liked it, but I think it has done its job. I just don’t know if it covers enough of me to walk
home in,” she explained. I smiled and kissed her.
“How about we shift and run to the cabin?” I suggested.
“And what about our clothes?”
“Someone will find them, I guess.”
“So we just leave them here? Smelling of sex?” she asked.
“Love, light of my life, I think everyone will figure out we have had sex when we show up with mate marks,” I told her. She
giggled.
“Yeah, that is a dead giveaway,” she admitted. I made sure she had both her feet on the ground and was stable before I
stepped away from her. I missed her in my arms the moment I let her go. I helped her take off her dress and stripped off
my clothes. Before I knew it, Amie’s red wolf stood beside me. My wolf wanted to be let out. He wanted time with his mate. In his mind I had wasted enough time. He felt I should have marked and mated her as soon as we met, like he had
told me. I shifted and our wolves spent some time rubbing up against each other. We set off and my wolf and I kept close
to Amie and her wolf. We made sure we took the shortest and safest way to the cabin, avoiding everyone else. When we
reached the cabin, we shifted back and I pulled a giggling Amie inside. She was a vision as she ran into the cabin naked
with her hair falling down over her shoulders, hiding those amazing breasts of hers. I hadn’t let go of her hand, so I
tugged on it, sending her straight into my arms. She wrapped her arms around my neck and as our bodies came
together, I could feel the sparks. It was like stepping into a tub of carbonated water. We kissed, not a desperate kiss like in
the woods, but a warm kiss.
“Aren’t you going to tell me I was right?” she asked me, still smiling.
“You usually are, it’s quite annoying. What were you right about this time?” I asked. She giggled and I loved the sound,
she sounded happy.
“I told you that you would meet your mate at the Game, didn’t I?” she said and tilted her head. I looked at her for a
second and then I started to laugh.
“You did,” I admitted.
“And, you didn’t reject her.” I pulled her even closer to me.
“I would never,” I told her. She gave me a brilliant smile.
“I know.” We kissed, and the passion between us flared up again. I was about to drag her away to the couch, thinking
that taking her against the wall would be unimaginative after our adventure in the forest. She ended our kiss and looked
around.
“What if someone finds us?” she asked. I chuckled.
“You were fine with us having sex in the woods where anyone could walk up on us, but I get you back to the cabin and
you start to worry about people walking in on us?” I asked her. Sometimes I had no clue how her brain worked.
“I figured it was a slim chance of someone finding us in the woods. There is a lot of wood and we used a tiny part of it. Here, on the other hand, if one of our pack members comes home, they need to walk past us to get basically anywhere in
the cabin,” she explained. Her mind was a wonderful thing.
“Hold on tight, sweetheart,” I told her and lifted her by her ass. She squealed a little, but wrapped both legs and arms
around me. I headed upstairs, my patience was wearing thin. I kissed my mark on her neck as I opened my bedroom door
and kicked it shut behind us. Amie seemed just as needy as I felt and I knew we were in for a long night.
***
I was slowly drifting awake. I was at the point where my mind was becoming conscious, but my body and wolf were still
asleep. I was feeling amazing, relaxed and satisfied. Memories of the night before flashed through my mind as I
registered Amie’s naked body next to mine. I opened my eyes and smiled. She was lying on her stomach and I had
draped an arm and a leg over her. The morning sun shone in from the window and caressed her naked body and set her
hair on fire. I just stayed like I was, admiring my sleeping mate, resisting the urge to wake her up with a kiss.
‘Are you just going to stare at me?’ she asked in a mindlink.
‘Yes,’ I admitted and felt it was okay to kiss her as she was awake.
‘It’s a little creepy, you know,’ she told me when we ended the kiss.
‘I don’t care, it’s my new favourite hobby.’ I kissed her shoulder and pulled her closer, securing her to me.
‘I can live with it.’ She placed a kiss on my chest.
‘I think we should talk about some practical things,’ I said. I had been thinking while watching her sleep.
‘Sure. About what?’ she asked. I traced the pink scars on her shoulder.
‘First off, we need to build an extension on our house.’
‘Our house?’ she asked.
‘You don’t expect me to move into your little apartment, do you?’ she smiled and shook her head, making her hair even messier than it had started.
‘No. So why do we need to change our house? I like it as it is.’
‘You will need an office to work from.’
‘I see two issues with your thinking,’ she told me.
‘Only two?’
‘Yes. One. My office in the pack house is quite enough. It’s ten steps between our house and the pack house. Two. Even if
I needed an office in our house, there are two spare bedrooms. They may be upstairs, but I won’t mind,’ she told me. I
hummed.
‘You are wrong, my love. One. You will need to move out of that office and from now on we need to share an office in the
pack house. Two. Those rooms are for our pups, I can’t let you use them as an office,’ I corrected her and kissed her on
the nose.
‘Pups?’ she asked.
‘You don’t want pups?’ I knew I wanted pups with her. I had always fantasised about having a house filled with a family. When I built the house, the face of my mate and our pups had been blurry, but after meeting Amie it was always her I
saw sitting at the kitchen table having dinner with, watching our pups play in the garden and just coming home to her. I
also knew if she didn’t want pups, I could give up on that dream. I would do anything to make her happy. I could find an
heir another way.
‘Of course I do. At least two, maybe three,’ she told me. I smiled and kissed her.
‘There you go,’ I told her. ‘We need the rooms we have.’ She smiled and shook her head.
‘You are so sweet,’ she told me and let her fingertips move across my face. ‘Wait! Why do I have to give up my office in
the pack house?’ she asked.
‘I think that is pretty obvious,’ I said and looked at her. She looked back at me and for a long while, we just looked at
each other. ‘For a brilliant woman, you can be surprisingly slow,’ I told her.
‘Hey!’
‘‘The reason you have to give up the Beta office is because you aren’t my Beta any longer. You are my Luna. Which nicely
brings me to the second topic we need to discuss. Who will be our new Beta?’ I asked. Her eyes grew bigger.
‘Fuck. I’m the Luna,’ she told me.
‘You are. Are you freaking out?’
‘No. Maybe. Just a little bit.’
‘Don’t. You were born to be a Luna. You have practically been my Luna since you joined the pack. You are a natural. Let me take away any doubts,’ I said to calm her down and kissed her.
Just a heads up: novel5s.com is the only place to read the complete version of this book for free. Don’t miss out on the
next chapter—visit us now and continue your journey!
‘Almost gone,’ she said as we drew apart and kissed me. ‘All gone. I think I can do this.’
‘You can. So who will replace you?’ I had an idea, it was a little untraditional, but that had worked well for our pack in the
past.
‘I have a suggestion, but I don’t know if you will think I’m crazy for suggesting him,’ she told me.
‘I already know that you are a little crazy, Red.’
‘I was thinking, Jake. He’s not the typical top tier, but he is smart, practical, mostly level headed and he has improved his
physical capabilities,’ she said. I chuckled.
‘I was thinking the same. I like him. He really impressed me with how he protected both you and Ramses in the hide and
seek game. I think he will be a perfect addition to our group. Shelly and Medow had done an amazing job keeping the
pack together while we have been away. She will also be a good addition.” Amie was smiling at me.
‘I love how willing you are to think outside the box for the best of the pack, honey,’ she told me. ‘We will have a full table
for the first time.’ Her comment made my mood shift slightly.
‘We have to do something about that,’ I told her.
‘About us being a full table? I don’t see why, it’s a good thing.’
‘It’s not fair that the Beta and Gamma couples get to sit next to each other and I have to look at you from all the way
across the table,’ I pointed out to her. She shook her head as if in disappointment, but I could see her smile.
‘It’s not like it’s a huge table.’
‘Doesn’t matter, we will have to get a new one.’
‘A new table would still have the same issue.’
‘Not if we get a round one. Then everyone gets to sit next to their mate, there would be no head of the table,’ I told her. I
felt kind of smart for thinking of it.
‘I like that idea. It’s genius,’ she said. ‘Was that all the things you needed to talk about?’ she asked.
‘No, one more,’ I told her and I turned serious. She felt it and propped herself up on her elb
###Battle of Fate 90
Finlay looked so serious. It had been a perfect morning, waking up in his arms. Spending time just talking about things
with the pack, our house, but I knew this would be different.
‘I think we need to get a meeting with the council this morning,’ he told me.
‘This morning? But the results won’t be out until after lunch,’ I said.
‘I know. I want this to be done before then.’
‘What is going on in that brain of yours, love?’ I asked. He smiled and kissed me gently.
‘You and I know our bond is real. I want to see if the council can confirm it. We don’t know what will happen after the
results are out. One thing I won’t be losing is you. We have both my brother and Alpha James who will want to cause
issues. They will say us being destined mates is a convenient solution. I can see both of them trying to split us up.’ I
looked at him and I knew he was right. I nodded.
‘It’s a good idea. Let’s get ahead of the trouble for once,’ I agreed. ‘I have a question.’
‘Let’s hear it.’
‘What do we tell the pack back home? I mean those who are with us will know we have mated. It’s kind of hard to hide
our marks and new scents. Do we ask them not to tell the ones back home?’ I asked. Finlay smirked and licked his mark
on my neck. It sent a pleasant shiver through my body.
‘I think we do. I would like it to be a surprise, if you don’t mind?’ he asked me.
‘No I like that approach as well. It will be a little tough on those with mates back in the pack.’ He shrugged.
‘It’s for a couple of days. They will manage. Anything else you want us to discuss?’
‘No. I just want you to know you make me very happy, I love you and the moon goddess couldn’t have given me a better mate. I will have to forgive her for past grievances at this rate,’ I told Finlay, and kissed him.
‘I love you too. I should have figured out we were our second chance mates a long time ago,’ he told me and kissed me
right back. We took a long shower together. Finlay was excited to show me what I had been missing, not having had sex
before. I was just as happy to learn all about it. If we hadn’t been in the middle of all the drama, I would have insisted we’d stay in our room for at least a day. As things were complicated, we headed down for breakfast together. It was a
little past nine in the morning, which was like sleeping until noon for Finlay and me. When we walked into the kitchen,
everyone else was almost finished eating. Sam turned around in his seat and by the look of it, he had a snide remark
ready. It never came, he looked at us and jumped up from his seat.
“Alpha, Luna,” he said and bowed. The sound of scraping chairs filled the room as everyone got up and followed his
example. I felt my cheeks heat, I hadn’t expected them to take it this seriously. Finlay chuckled and kissed my temple. My
heart fluttered at the simple gesture.
“Okay, you can all stop with that, you are making Amie uncomfortable,” Finlay told them. There was nothing harsh in his words, his voice was warm and filled with gratitude. He appreciated them showing us respect. Next thing I knew I was
being squeezed to death by Matilda.
“Welcome to the family, officially!” she told me. “Took you long enough,” she said to Finlay as she guided me to the
table.
“Congrats man. We have all been waiting for you two to choose each other,” Sam said and blocked Finlay’s way as he
tried to follow me. “You couldn’t have waited a couple of more weeks? I gave you the date,” Sam turned and said to me. I
laughed as I was ushered into a seat and everyone around the table started putting food on my plate.
“When your wolf tells you your mate is close, you don’t stop to see if there is a better date to meet him on,” I told Sam
as I tried to thank everyone else for plating food for me. Finlay had got past Sam, Jake and Ramses who had
congratulated him and placed a kiss on my head before sitting down next to me.
“He is your second chance mate?” Sam asked, everyone except for Matilda looked surprised.
“Of course they are true mates. Don’t you have eyes? Honestly,’ Matilda tutted as she brought me and Finlay coffee. I
saw Finlay doing something on his phone and after a while he showed it to me. It was a confirmation that the council would see us at half past ten. It would give us enough time to eat and walk over there. I nodded.
“Amie and I have a meeting with the council. The rest of you can hang out and relax here the rest of the morning. Bring
the picnic to the common area at twelve. We will join the other packs as we eat lunch and then we will watch the
revealing of the scores,” Finlay told the others. He had placed his arm on the back of my chair. “And don’t tell anyone at
home about your new Luna. We want that to be a surprise,” he added. Everyone nodded, and even Sam looked thrilled
about the idea.
Finlay and I walked hand in hand to the council building. It was a strange feeling not having to restrict how I touched or
acted around him. Finlay was my mate and therefore I was expected to share touches and kisses with him, even in public.
Just a heads up: novel5s.com is the only place to read the complete version of this book for free. Don’t miss out on the
next chapter—visit us now and continue your journey!
“After our meeting we will find a quiet spot and you can call your parents,” Finlay said. He was so sweet and caring. I
kissed him on the cheek.
“I think I will do it after we know the scores. I don’t feel like disturbing their day twice,” I said. But I took out my phone
and texted them both that I would be calling after the scores were announced. We were just in time for the meeting and were let into the council room at once. Again it was the room with the conference table, the less formal one.
“Alpha Finlay, Beta Amie,” the head of the council greeted us. Then he focused on my neck and discreetly scented the air.
“My apologies Luna Amie,” he corrected himself with a small bow, I bowed back. Finlay looked happy as he placed his
arm around my waist. I saw the smiles from the rest of the council. “Alpha Finlay, does this happy news have anything to
do with why you have asked for this meeting?” the head of the council asked.
“It does. This council is well aware about the issues me and my Luna have had to face during this game. Amie has had to
deal with her frail mate bond and I have had issues with my brother. Amie was able resolve her issue yesterday, as you all
can see. My worry is that due to all the drama, our second chance bond will not be recognised,” Finlay told them. There were surprised faces around the table.
“You have a true mate bond?” a woman asked.
“We do,” Finlay said. There was silence and I got the feeling the council was busy mindlinking.
“We took for granted you were chosen mates. You seemed to be close from the start,” the same woman told us.
“We had intentions of choosing each other once the game was over. But after I completed the rejection with Alpha James
yesterday, a bond to Finlay clicked into place,” I told them.
“And that is why we are here. Is there a way for the council to prove our bond is a fated one?” Finlay asked. The council
looked at each other and nodded.
“Prudent. We understand the need to protect your mate and the bond you share. Our sister, Livia, has the ability to feel mate bonds and can separate chosen bonds from fated ones,” the head of the council said. A kind-looking woman stood
up and walked over to us.
“Could you please hold each other’s left hand and place them in mine,” she said. I faced Finlay and placed my left hand
in his and then we placed both our hands in her outstretched one. She placed her other hand on top of ours. There was a warm sensation around our hands and Livia smiled.
Just a heads up: novel5s.com is the only place to read the complete version of this book for free. Don’t miss out on the
next chapter—visit us now and continue your journey!
“Astonishing,” the head of the council said. I assumed Livia had mindlinked him her finding.
“Thank you. It was a treat to feel your bond. It’s quite unique,” Livia told us and let go of our hands. I saw Finlay puff out
his chest. He was so cute.
“There is no question that your mate bond is a fated one,” she told us when she had returned to her seat. “Luna Amie, we
know you had a fated mate before. Alpha Finlay, you must have had one as well at one point. She must have been lost
before you met her. May I ask? As May pointed out, you have seemed to have a strong bond between you since we met
you for the first time. Has it always been like that?”
“Yes, it has always been like that. We knew it wasn’t a mate bond, but we have always felt a pull towards each other,”
Finlay told them and I nodded.
“Luna Amie, how long after your rejection did you meet Alpha Finlay?” someone asked.
“A little over four years after,” I said.
“I would say your mate bond to Alpha James had already decayed by then. I would guess you and Alpha Finlay had a
partial bond created from the moment you met. Because your old bond was still in place, it couldn’t fully form. But it was
enough for the two of you to feel its effects,” Livia explained. Finlay and I looked at each other. It would explain a lot.
“Your bond is unique because it has the characteristics of both a fated and a chosen bond. I have only seen it twice
before and in both those cases it has been due to the mates having been separated after the true mate bond activated,
but before they could mark each other. Your situation is one of a kind. Your bond is therefore very strong. To put it in words that makes it easy to understand; instead of one bond, you have two that have been woven together,” Livia told us.
I reached for Finlay’s hand and held it. It was easy to feel the love flowing from him to me.
“This council has no issue with declaring the two of you true mates. The moon goddess has blessed you twice,” the head
of the council proclaimed.
“Thank you. We are grateful for your support and thank you for seeing us with such short notice,” Finlay said. We both
bowed to the council and left the room.
“Now we just need to wait for the scores, that should be the end of scary things to get through,” I said to Finlay as we
stepped out of the building.
“And calling your parents, that is almost scarier than anything else,” he told me. I giggled
###Battle of Fate 91
Amie and I spent an hour walking around. Just like the other day, it was a lot of fun. The best part was meeting all the
people we had talked to before and seeing their reaction to our mating. Not many looked surprised. We got a lot of
congratulations and I would see envy in the eyes of some of the men. After a while, we looped back and found the others
setting up for the picnic lunch. All the packs sat on blankets or on the grass and ate while waiting for the big score board
to reveal the scores, and more importantly, the ranks for this year. We helped spread blankets on the ground and unpack
all the food. I sat down and pulled Amie with me. I made sure she could lean back on me as everyone made sure she had
plenty to eat. Sam sat down on the other side of her. She looked at him, he smiled at her.
“Why are you sitting there?” she asked him.
“Why wouldn’t I?” he asked.
“Let me rephrase. Why are you sitting so close to me that you are almost in my lap?” Amie asked.
“Well, as your bodyguard, it seemed like a good idea to keep close to you,” he told her, still smiling.
“My what?”
“Your bodyguard. You are the Luna. As Gamma, it is one of my most sacred duties to protect you.” Amie looked at me
with horror.
“It’s the way it is,” I said. I liked Amie safe, and having Sam close by her would keep her safe.
“But it’s only while we are here. Right? I mean when we are on our pack land there is no need for a bodyguard. Right?”
she asked us.
“I don’t know, Luna. It can be dangerous back at home as well,” Sam said. I was almost positive he was just pulling her
leg.
‘I don’t know about this Luna business, Finn. Maybe I can keep being Beta and Jake can be Luna. He would probably
benefit more from Sam’s protection anyway,’ Amie mindlinked me. I laughed so hard I had tears in my eyes.
‘No, my little mate. You are the only one I will ever call my Luna,’ I told her and kissed her.
“Fine, fine,” she grumbled. “But if you take this too far, Sam, I will be talking to Medow.” It seemed to sober Sam up, and
he moved an inch or two away. The mood was high in our pack as we ate. The closer we got to one o’clock, the more
nervous the mood became. Not just in our pack, but in all packs. This was the time when the next ten years would be
decided.
“It’s going up!” someone shouted, and we all looked at the scoreboard. It had started to rapidly fill with lines. Everyone
stood up and watched. It was going from the lowest rank and up. Line by line it added the results. There were cries of
sorrow and hopelessness from other packs as they saw their name. I had my arms around Amie, keeping her close to me
as I watched each line, feeling relieved each time it wasn’t our pack’s name. Amie had her arms on top of mine. I could
feel she was just as focused as I was. When Blue shadow pack was written on row forty two, she drew in a sharp breath,
but then relaxed. She yelped at row number thirty-one. Ocean shore pack. My brother’s pack had sunk so low they were
now a mid-tier pack at best. When the row number was twenty, the fast pace stopped. Apparently, they were now going
to drag it out.
“We can do it, we can do it,” Sam muttered to himself. Five rows stood between us and avoiding reunification with my
brother’s pack.
‘I love you, no matter what happens,’ Amie mindlinked me.
‘I love you, too. Nothing will change it,’ I linked back. Row nineteen, not our pack. I sighed. Eighteen, not our pack. Amies
hands tightened on my arms. Seventeen, not our pack.
“Almost there,” Ramses mumbled. Sixteen, not our pack. There was a moment of disbelief and then the pack howled as
one. We had done it. We were in the top fifteen packs and therefore we would continue to be a pack. I turned Amie
around and kissed her. I got lost in our kiss until Sam cleared his throat next to us.
Just a heads up: novel5s.com is the only place to read the complete version of this book for free. Don’t miss out on the
next chapter—visit us now and continue your journey!
“We haven’t actually found out what rank we have,” he pointed out.
“Right,” I said and focused back on the scoreboard. I quickly looked it over and could see we weren’t mentioned
anywhere between fifteen and eight, either.
“Have they forgotten us?” Jake asked.
“Of course not,” Amie reassured him. But when number five was Amies old pack and we still hadn’t shown up. I started
to think Jake had the right idea. Had we been disqualified? They needed to tell us if they had, right? Number four wasn’t
us either. Amie looked up at me. I shrugged. I looked at the board again. Number three: Blue Mountain pack. Score 89, I
read. Again, we howled. Top three! We had done the unthinkable and were now ranked third pack in the world. I didn’t
even care who took first and second rank. I kissed Amie until we both ran out of air.
“We are going to have so much to do!” she told me. “Every pack will want an alliance with us. The negotiations alone will
take forever.” I laughed, it was just like her to start planning the next step.
“Just enjoy the moment, Red. We will plan the rest later.” She had the biggest grin on her face and nodded. She threw
herself at me and kissed me. Packs started coming by to congratulate us and several hinted at wanting to talk about
forming alliances. We thanked them but said we were in no place to think about it at the moment. They were welcome to
contact us after the Game.
“Congratulations, little sister,” Amie’s brother called out. We both turned around to see him walking up to us with Becky. His eyes darted to both our mate marks. “Luna,” he said and bowed.
“Honestly, Elder. Since when do we use titles in the family? Get your head screwed on right,” Amie told him. Elder looked
at me, as if I would go crazy if he didn’t address his sister as Luna.
“I love when people call her Luna as it means they recognise our bond, but she is right. There should be no titles within a
family,” I said and kissed her temple.
“Congratulations! We are so happy for the both of you,” Becky said and hugged Amie.
“Thank you. At least I got the second mating right, no rejection this time,” Amie joked and it sent a pang to my heart just
thinking of the possibility. She must have felt it too as she turned to me and gave me a quick kiss.
“You are second chance mates? Oh boy, mom will have a picnic with this. Have you told her?” Elder asked.
“No. I sent both her and dad a message telling them I had important news and I would call after we were given our
rank.”
“I’m guessing we can expect a call then,” Becky told her mate. We stood around talking for a while. Their pack had also
done well. To rank top five was no easy feat. They should have been just as thrilled as our pack was, but there was a
notable damper to their excitement. I had a good idea as to why. Amie and I hadn’t talked about what had happened
during the rejection. We had other things on our minds yesterday. My guess was that their Alpha hadn’t taken it well. I
couldn’t really blame him. Just the thought of being rejected by Amie had both me and my wolf in a panic. If the Alpha
was depressed or anxious, the whole pack felt the effect. “I really am very happy for the both of you. You belong
together,” Becky told us before they left. We stayed around for a while longer. Our phones both pinged at the same time.
It was a message to report to the council first thing tomorrow morning before the closing ceremony.
‘It has to be about the unification of the packs, right?’ Amie mindlinked me. I could feel her worry through the mate
bond. I usually had an easy time reading her, but the free flow of emotions between us made it even easier.
‘Yes, they probably just want to make sure we are all aware of what will happen next,’ I reassured her. ‘How about we
head back and call your parents?’ She smiled and kissed me.
“Are you feeling brave enough?”
“Yes,” I lied. She giggled and kissed me again. We told everyone they were free to do what they wanted as long as they were ready for the closing ceremony the next day.
###Battle of Fate 92
he cabin was deserted when we got back. The rest of our pack was out celebrating and it was well
deserved. I was looking forward to calling my parents, but I could also feel how nervous Finlay was.
Maybe I was being na?ve, but I felt like all the stress, worry and the constant feeling of something
lurking outside my field of vision, just melted away. Our pack was safe and I had Finlay as my
mate. All was good in my world. We opted to sit on the sundeck. Finlay pulled me down on his lap
and we took a moment to snuggle.
“Ready?” I asked him.
“Yes,” he said. I could see, and feel, he was lying. I gave him a soft kiss.
“My mom already likes you, and so does my dad. And as I love you, they will as well,” I told him.
“What if they think I’m not good enough for you?” he asked and leaned his forehead on my
shoulder. I raised my hand and ran my fingers through his hair.
“Now you are just being an idiot. You are the Alpha of the third highest ranking pack in the world. I
was lucky to snatch you up when I did. Any parents would be thrilled for their daughter to be mated
to you,” I told him.
“Your parents aren’t like that. They don’t care about rank, they just want you to be happy,” he
pointed out.
“True. And since you are my safe and happy place, you check those boxes as well. We are just going
to do this and once it’s done, you will feel silly that you were so worried.” I took out my phone and
started a FaceTime call. I positioned the camera so only I was visible. When my mom answered, I
saw she was sitting in my dad’s lap. I smiled at our similar situation.
“Hell…” I started.
“Armeria Rose Winstone, what is that on your neck?” my mother interrupted me. She was smiling
like the sun itself. My hand moved to my neck and the mate mark. I should have known she would
spot it.
“Hello to you too. That was one part of the news I was calling about. I have found my second
chance mate,” I told them and I felt myself grin from ear to ear. My mother let out a high-pitched
sound and almost bounced on the spot. My dad looked more stoic, but I could see he was happy as
well.
“Already? You have never dragged your feet when it comes to the mating bond,” my mother said
and my dad had to let go of his stoic face and chuckle. “So who is it?” I panned the camera a little to
the right to make sure Finlay was visible as well.
“Hello,” he said. My mother let out another sound and then she gave us a radiating smile.
“Alpha Finlay, I was hoping it would be you,” my mother said.
“Just call me Finlay, no need for titles,” he told her. Both my mom and my dad nodded approvingly.
“Welcome to the family,” my dad said.
“Thank you. I can’t tell you how happy I was when the mate bond formed with Amie,” he told my
parents and kissed my cheek. My mom made a cooing sound and even my dad smiled.
“You look happy, pumpkin,” my dad remarked. I looked up at Finlay.
“I am happy. We had already decided to mate when we got back from the games and everything
with James had been put to the side. But fate stepped in and pushed the timeline,” I said.
“You said you had more than one news to tell us. What is the other?” my mom asked. I saw a glint
in her eyes and knew I had to set things straight. I nudged Finlay.
“We have just come back from getting the results of the games,” he told my parents.
“Yes, Elder texted us to let us know we had placed fifth. It’s a rank to be proud of,” my dad said and
I could see the pride he had in Elder and their pack. “By the look on your faces, I would say you
placed above fifteen,” he continued.
“We did,” Finlay confirmed. “We ranked number three.” My parents looked at us. Then my dad
laughed.
“What a day. My daughter finds her true mate and becomes Luna, my son ranks as number five in
the pack ranking and my daughter as number three. We made some good pups, baby,” he told my
mom and kissed her. She giggled.
“Dad,” I ed.
“Oh hush. It’s a parent’s right to be proud of their pups, you will see that soon enough.”
“Mom!”
“Oh, I’m sure you have already talked about it. Isn’t that so, Finlay?” she asked him.
ave,” he happil
for us to come and visit you soon,” my
“Pumpkin?” my dad had turned serious again.
Not even Finlay and I had spoken about it, I had no idea how to tell my p
“Just tell them,” he said.
terday, he still thought he could persuade me to accept him.” I felt Finlay’s grip tighten around my
waist. I rubbed his arm. “I’m afraid he will try and get revenge by making sure we c
, pumpkin,” my d
arents. If nothing else works, we will recruit them,” Finla
m said. She looked appr
ou finding your mate. After that, he has no choice but to accept facts. When they get home, his
father and I will have a talk with him. I mi
challenge your mating?”
do it,” Finlay said. “That’s why we talked to the council
u and approved?” my dad then asked. I shouldn’t be surprised he kne
Just a heads up: novel5s.com is the only place to read the complete version of this book for free.
Don’t miss out on the next chapter—visit us now and continue your journey!
have both a fated and chosen bond that has intertwined i
o worried, pumpkin. It’s a happy day.” My smile returne
“You are right. It is a happy day,” I agreed
###Battle of Fate 93
Waking up with Finlay was a new experience. Yesterday he had woken up before me and I could feel him watching me as
I woke up. Today he was still asleep. We were in almost the same position as yesterday. Me on my stomach and him
draping over me. It was warm and snug and felt safe. I could feel Finlay waking up and I burrowed deeper into him. His
grip around me tightened and he pulled me closer.
“Morning,” he said. His voice was still heavy from sleep.
“Morning.” We shared a kiss and took a moment to wake up. We had a full schedule as it was the last day here. Me and
Finlay had the meeting with the council, then we would come back and help with packing. After lunch there was the
closing ceremony. The late afternoon and evening, we would spend making the final arrangements and saying goodbye
to friends and family from other packs. I had a hard time wrapping my head around the fact we were leaving tomorrow morning. Just a couple of days on the road and then we would be home. I sighed as I got dressed. I was homesick.
“What’s with the sigh?” Finlay asked and wrapped his arms around me from behind. He kissed my shoulder.
“I was just feeling happy that we will be home in a couple of days.”
“You won’t miss the excitement?” he wanted to know. I laughed.
“Not the least. I have had enough drama to last me for years. Give me back my boring life and I will be happy.” He
chuckled. We went down and had breakfast with the others. Matilda and Jake were in full planning mode and directed
the others on what tasks they had. We hadn’t spoken to Jake about our plan to make him Beta. We wanted to wait until we were back so we could talk to everyone at once.
“We are heading out, we shouldn’t be more than an hour,” Finlay said as we had eaten.
“I’ll walk with you. I need to stretch my legs,” Sam told us. Finlay walked on my one side, holding my hand. On the other
side, Sam was walking.
“So, is this part of your bodyguard duty?”I asked him. He looked disappointed.
“I thought you wouldn’t notice.” I smiled at him.
“That’s sweet of you, thank you,” I said. Finlay hummed in agreement and kissed my temple.
“Well, it’s the least I can do.” When we reached the council building, Sam headed back to the cabin to start his list of
tasks he had been given. Finlay and I were shown into the council chamber we had used on the two occasions we had
been there to face Finlay’s old pack. The council sat in a row in front of us. Alpha Ryan and his Beta stood on our left
side. Neither of them looked good.
“Thank you for taking time out of your morning to meet with us,” the head of the council said. All four of us bowed. “We won’t take up much of your time, we know you have things to do. We feel we need to spend a minute to talk about our
ruling at the beginning of the game and where we are now. After yesterday’s results there can be no question. The Blue
Mountain pack has shown they are capable of standing on their own. According to our ruling there will be no merging of
the two packs. The council will not entertain another request of this kind from the Ocean Shore pack. If the two packs in
the future agree a unification will be for the best, the council will listen to them, but it needs to be a joint decision. Alpha
Finlay and Luna Amie have shown they can lead their pack successfully. We have no other comments. Do you have any
questions?” he asked.
“The punishment my brother made my pack take for the hide and seek game is the reason for our low ranking. I can’t
see how the council can look at the result as fair,” Finlay’s brother said. I saw several council members raise an eyebrow.
“I think your question contains two misconceptions,” a council member said. “First, you forget that your rank had no
impact on the outcome. You could have come last and if the Blue Mountain pack had come below rank fifteen, we would
have forced a reunification. Second, and more important, it was your pack member’s action that led to the punishment.
The burden of guilt can’t be placed on Alpha Finlay.” Most of the council nodded, and I was starting to like them.
“His pack members are mine, they belong in my pack!” Alpha Ryan growled. Finlay put his arm out in front of me and
pushed me behind his back as he faced his brother.
“Alpha Ryan! Control yourself!” the head of the council called and stood from his seat. Four warriors stepped up to flank
the enraged Alpha. I tried to look around Finlay to see what was happening. He gave me an irritated look that told me to
stay put. It seemed like Finlay’s brother calmed himself down. The tension in the room eased a bit. “I want to make the
council’s opinion on this clear. The Ocean Shore pack has no claim on the Blue Mountain pack or its members. If you try
to take it by force, the council will see it as any other pack attacking another. We will let the Blue Mountain pack defend
themself and if the last game and their track record is anything to go by, they will win. When they do, we will stand back
and let them decide the fate of the defeated pack, as is custom. Please keep that in mind,” the head of the council said. I
saw how Finlay straightened up to his full length. He rarely let his Alpha power show, but now he let it radiate from him
and he was magnificent. “I think we have made the situation clear. Alpha Finlay, Luna Amie, you may leave first,” the head
of the council said.
“Thank you,” we said as one and bowed. Finlay made sure I walked next to him on the side that faced away from his
brother. His arm lay across my shoulders and anchored me to him.
“Time to get working on the list we got from Matilda,” Finlay told me as we headed out of the building. He sounded
pleased.
“First we need to find a private place,” I said, looking around to see what I could find.
“Why? Is something wrong?” he asked.
Just a heads up: novel5s.com is the only place to read the complete version of this book for free. Don’t miss out on the
next chapter—visit us now and continue your journey!
“You can’t just flex like that and expect me to be fine with going on with my day. I need to strip you naked and climb you
like a tree,” I told him. Finlay stopped walking and looked at me. As he still had a hold on my shoulders, I had to stop as well. “Keep moving, Finn. I’m not kidding.” A smirk grew on his face and he laughed.
“As you wish, my love. I think I know a place,” he told me and guided me towards the communal gyms. “I haven’t been
able to stop thinking about our little encounter the other week,” he whispered to me. I giggled and we hurried our steps.
An hour and a half later, we finally made it back to the cabin and told the rest what had happened during the meeting. It
gave us all a new reason to celebrate. Matilda still had us working. No one minded as it was a sign we were going home.
Bags were packed, the cabin got cleaned. We just left the things we needed for the day we had left.
‘How do you feel about how we left things with your brother?’ I asked Finlay in our private mindlink while we cleaned my
old room.
‘I have given up on us ever being close, or even friendly. It is what it is.’
‘You are still allowed to be disappointed, or angry,’ I pointed out.
‘I know, and I probably would have been pissed if it happened any other day. But there have just been too many happy
things happening the last two days. I can’t find it in me to be angry,’ he explained and surprised me by taking a grip on
my waist, lifting me up and spinning me around. I threw my head back and giggled. When he stopped and put me down,
I kissed him.
‘I’m happy as well and I’m looking forward to seeing Medow’s face when we get back.’ We got back to cleaning and
then walked down to have lunch.
###Battle of Fate 94
We all dressed up for the closing ceremony. The top six ranking packs were to sit with the Council on the stage. I had on
my rust-red dress and for the first time in a while I felt self conscious.
“You look amazing,” Finlay told me for the hundredth time as we walked towards the stadium.
“I should be wearing white and gold,” I told him, as I had done all the other times he had complimented me.
“You don’t have white and gold clothes,” he pointed out. He knew this as he had asked me.
“Of course I don’t have white and gold clothes. Only lunas wear that combination.”
“Right. So you look stunning,” he insisted. He was right, I couldn’t wear what I didn’t own. But I still would have preferred
the traditional colours. We arrived at the stadium but instead of going to our usual seats, we were shown to the stage. A
long row of chairs had been arranged in a half circle on stage, a table with chairs stood in the middle of the half circle. We were placed on specific chairs, all facing the crowd. When my old pack walked up on the stage, Finlay moved his chair
closer to me and put his arm around my shoulder. Sam moved his chair closer to me on my other side. I saw my brother
and Becky and smiled at them. Some of the other pack members smiled and nodded at me as well. James looked like he
hadn’t slept in days and stared at me with a mix of anger and sadness. I saw his eyes dart to my mating mark and more
anger replaced some of the sadness in his eyes. Cindy was clinging to his arm, trying to make it look as if they were a
couple, and failing. I felt relieved when they sat down without an altercation. When everyone was sitting down, the
council walked out onto the stage and took their seats at the table in the middle. The head walked to the front of the
stage and started a speech. It was more interesting than the one at the start of the game. He did a recap of the games
and listed a number of interesting facts. During the game sixty two new matings had been made.
‘We are one of those,’ Finlay linked me. He lifted my hand, which he was holding, and placed a kiss on it. Next, highlights
from the games showed on big screens. It was a mix of impressive feats and funny moments. We got to see Finlay and
Sam pull Jake up. It was even more impressive looking at it from a distance.
‘I really should ask for a copy of that clip,’ I linked Finlay. He chuckled next to me. There was a clip of my wolf being
chased by two opponents and Ramses silently dropping down from a tree behind them and snatching their flags. There was a lot of laughing from the crowd. There was a serene looking picture of Sam and me sitting back to back on a log in
the water. ‘I really need to ask for a copy of that. It would look amazing on the lock screen,’ I told Finlay.
‘There will be no picture of you with another man on your lock screen. Not even Sam. We will take a picture you can use,’
Finlay told me. I smiled and nodded. It was interesting to see all the highlights from the games, most of them I hadn’t
seen before. They ended with highlights from the last game. When they showed almost the entirety of Finlay’s fight with
his brother, I turned my head away. Finlay put his arm around me and I buried my head in his neck. It had been enough
to watch it once. ‘I’m fine,’ Finlay reminded me.
‘I know, but I still hate to see you get hurt.’ He placed a kiss on my hair and let me hide in his neck. I was happy when he
told me it was over. The head of the council continued his speech. He told us it had been the least bloody game in
seventy years. Which was a surprise to me. He ended his speech and another member of the council took his place. She
talked about verdicts the council had made, which was interesting. They had been busy and it seemed our pack wasn’t
the only one with drama. The verdict that our pack was to remain a pack was read, as was the verification of Finlay’s and
my bond. As she ended her speech, the head of the council stood up again.
“With that, my dear brothers and sisters, I declare this year’s game finished. We will see you in ten years. Please leave as
soon as possible. We want the peace and quiet back,” he said. We all chuckled and stood up. We were expected to mingle for a while. Finlay made sure we stayed clear of my former pack. We talked to the first and second rank Alphas.
They were interested in forming alliances. It would be a good opportunity for our pack, so we exchanged information
and promised to get back to them. When we were free to get going, we were all relieved.
‘I will drop you off at the communal building so you can say goodbye to your brother. Sam and I have to fix a couple of
things at the cabin. When we are done, Sam will go and say goodbye to Medow’s father and I will come and join you,’
Finlay linked.
‘Sounds good. Don’t take too long,’ I said.
‘Never. I will miss you too much. If we say goodbye to your family quickly enough we might have a chance at having the
cabin to ourselves. Everyone is planning to be out and saying goodbye. We haven’t tried out the couch yet,’ he told me,
kissing me.
‘That all depends on how long you and Sam take,’ I told him, gave him a quick kiss and walked to the room in the
communal building where I would meet Elder and Becky. I got a warm hug from Becky and one from Elder. We sat down
to talk.
“Everything ready to go home tomorrow?” I asked.
“Yes, thank the goddess! I miss my baby,” Becky told me. I smiled at her.
Just a heads up: novel5s.com is the only place to read the complete version of this book for free. Don’t miss out on the
next chapter—visit us now and continue your journey!
“Give him an extra hug from me.”
“I will,” she promised.
“We will make sure the two of you get to meet soon,” Elder said. I nodded. I didn’t want to ruin the mood by saying I
found it highly unlikely.
“If we are lucky, Cindy will distract James and get him in a better mood,” Becky told us. I could hear the sarcasm in her
voice. Elder couldn’t help but make a face.
“Let me guess, she tried to go for my dear brother before the two of you met?” I asked.
“And after. She had the guts to try convincing me they were in love and I was getting in the way,” Becky said.
“She did not!”
“I put a fucking stop to it the moment I found out,” Elder told me and pulled Becky closer to him.
“I never believed a word of it. I knew from the moment we met that your brother was a good wolf,” Becky ensured me.
“I took one look at you and I was a goner,” Elder told his mate. They were so cute together I had a hard time not cooing. I
missed Finlay and looked at the clock. He should be on his way. I wondered why he hadn’t mindlinked me to let me
know. Knowing him, he probably wanted to surprise me. The thought made me smile. It was nice to be close to my
brother and Becky, to meet and have a chat, but I had a serious case of homesickness. I wanted to get back, to start my
new life as mated for real.
“When is that mate of yours coming?” Elder asked. I was just going to reply he would be here any moment when I felt
something in my chest. It made my wolf go on high alert. “Amie?” Elder asked. I was too busy trying to figure out why I
felt like I did. It hit me like a bucket of cold water. It was the mate bond, Finlay was angry and in distress.
‘Finn, what is happening?’ I mindlinked. I waited.
“Amie, what is wrong?” Becky insisted. I still hadn’t got an answer from Finlay. It was bad, it had to be. He had never not
answered me. I stood up from my chair and headed for the door.
“Something’s wrong. I need to go,” was all I said. I didn’t have time to explain. I started running as I mindlinked Sam.
‘Something’s wrong with Finlay. Please tell me you are with him, he isn’t replying to my links.’
‘No, I left the cabin about ten minutes ago. I’m on my way. Don’t go there alone!’ Sam linked back. I didn’t care what he
told me. I would not ignore this thing, leave my m
te
###Battle of Fate 95
As I sprinted towards the cabin, I heard two roars. One I knew was Finlay’s, the other was unknown to me. I felt my panic
spike as I pushed myself to run faster. I didn’t hesitate to yank the door to the cabin open. I had no thought of stopping
to think of a plan, or trying to figure out what the smart thing to do was. I thought someone was calling my name, but it wasn’t Finlay, so I ignored it. The scent of Finlay’s blood hit me as soon as I opened the front door. There was another
scent as well. James.
“Finlay!” I called out as I ran into the cabin, relying on my nose to tell me where my mate was. It was pointing me in the
direction of the living room. I could see traces of destruction on my way there. A side table had been smashed to pieces,
the mirror was cracked, blood spattered on the walls. I noticed it, but I didn’t care.
“Amie?” I heard Finlay call back and I felt like sobbing. James growled, it came from the same direction as Finlay’s voice
and Finlay’s growl in response was louder and fiercer. I ran into the living room and saw a naked Finlay with blood
running down his chest, standing over James who was splayed out on the floor, also naked. They must have shifted at
some point. I didn’t care about him, so I rushed to Finlay. He opened his arms and pulled me in for a hug. I wanted to
examine him, make sure he wasn’t seriously hurt, but as soon as I was pulled into him I felt my anxiety lessen. James was moving on the floor, Finlay put his foot on him and growled. His point was clear; stay down.
“James!” Finlay growled again, but stopped halfway through when he registered it was Elder who had spoken. Elder and
Becky must have followed me. I glanced over my shoulder to see both of them standing in the doorway. They looked
unsure of what to do. Behind them, Sam, Ramses and Jake came rushing in. They stopped at a distance as well. The
picture we were giving was enough for them to not venture any closer. I took one more lungful of Finlay’s scent in,
confirming he was alive and mostly well, before I pushed away from him.
“You didn’t answer my mindlink,” I said to him in a voice halfway between anger and worry.
“I was busy,” he told me, looking down at James. I did as well and took him in for the first time. James was in worse
condition than Finlay. Blood was covering most of his body and he had a swollen eye and split lip. He was looking at me
like I was something he had lost and finally found again, his eyes shifted to Finlay and they showed hate. I growled loudly
enough for both James and Becky to flinch.
“Hey,” Finlay told me. Rubbing my arm.
“Don’t hey me. I’m still upset with you, scaring me to death. Now let me look at you,” I said. I focused on his chest and
could see four deep gashes, claw marks, across it. One of them ran through the bottom corner of his tattoo. That pissed me off even more. That tattoo was meaningful to me, it was a sign of his feelings for me, even before the mate bond. “I
am going to kill him,” I spit out and glared at James. He looked shocked. Finlay pulled me into him again.
“I appreciate your sentiment, but let’s not do something you will regret later,” he said. I glared up at him. I was in a
glaring mood.
“Care to explain what happened here?” Sam asked. He sounded tense.
“After you left, just when I was heading over to Amie, this Alpha stopped by. He was quite upset and accused me of
stealing his mate. When I told him I hadn’t stolen anything and pointed out he should have appreciated what the moon
goddess had given him before he rejected his mate, he took a swing at me. He missed, but got me with his claws. I hit
him twice and he shifted. I shifted as well and made sure he knew I was not like him. I will defend my mate to death.
Amie is my Luna, and anyone who tries to take her from me will be dealt with,” Finlay said. He finished by pushing James with the foot he had on his chest, and then removed it.
“She was my mate first,” James growled.
“You rejected me! You decided I was not enough. You didn’t even take me aside to talk. You chose to turn your back on
me. No one but you are responsible for those choices. Now you don’t get a say in how I live my life. You are no longer
my mate. Finlay is my mate, by fate and by choice. The council verified our bond. You are just lucky he didn’t kill you, and
stopped me from doing so. You know as well as everyone that he is in his full right to do so when someone is threatening
to take his mate from him,” I told James.
“Alpha Finlay, Luna Amie. Regarding that; will you be reporting this to the council?” Elder asked. He was using our formal
titles to show he knew how serious the situation was. If we reported James to the council, they would most likely
condemn him either to death or forbid him to mate by removing his wolf’s canines, making it impossible for him to mark
anyone. Finlay looked down on the seething Alpha on the floor.
“Pathetic. It’s up to you, my love. I put it in your hands as his actions have hurt you more than anyone.” He kissed me
softly. His closeness and gentleness lessened my anger. I sighed and leaned my head on his shoulder for a moment.
“Take him away. We won’t report him to the council. Make sure he keeps away for now. We will see this as a temporary
insanity from the stress of the games and the rejection. When things have calmed down, we can look into where our
packs stand,” I said.
“Amie,” James ed.
“James, just be grateful and keep your mouth shut for now,” Elder told his Alpha, as he slowly moved forward. Making
sure neither me nor Finlay saw him as a threat. He gave us a half smile when he reached us. “Take care, little sister. We’ll
be in touch,” he said and gently placed a hand on my back.
“Love you. Take care and give mom and dad a hug from me,” I said. Elder nodded and helped James up from the floor. He looked around for a moment, as if searching for something. I understood and reached for a blanket that was on the
couch and handed it to him. Elder gave it to James. It looked as if James would refuse it. Elder gave him a look and I was
almost certain they mindlinked. James took the blanket and wrapped it around his waist with Elder’s help. Elder nodded
to Finlay and Finlay nodded back.
Just a heads up: novel5s.com is the only place to read the complete version of this book for free. Don’t miss out on the
next chapter—visit us now and continue your journey!
“I’ll call you in a week or so,” Becky said as she watched her mate and their Alpha walk out of the room.
“Do that. Stay safe and look after my brother.” I had a feeling he would need it with James in this mood.
“I will,” she promised and followed my brother out of the cabin. There was a moment of silence.
“Matilda is going to go nuts by the state of this place, we had just cleaned it,” Ramses said. We all looked at him and
then we laughed. It was what was needed to ease the tension in the air.
“The three of you can start cleaning again. I am going to take the mighty Alpha upstairs to dress his wounds and get him
cleaned up,” I told them.
“Yes, Luna,” they all said.
“I’m fine,” Finlay ed. I gave him a look, took his hand and led him upstairs.
“Are you upset with me?” he asked as we got into our room. I sighed.
“No. Maybe a little. You really scared me when you didn’t answer my mindlink. I thought something terrible had
happened,” I said as I led him into the bathroom.
Just a heads up: novel5s.com is the only place to read the complete version of this book for free. Don’t miss out on the
next chapter—visit us now and continue your journey!
“I’m sorry, sweetheart. I was just in the middle of kicking that worthless Alpha’s ass,” he tried to joke.
“Not funny.” I turned on the shower and when I turned to him to make him get in, I felt tears run down my face.
“Amie!” Finlay pulled me into a tight hug. “I’m fine. He got in a lucky hit, it will heal.”
“He hit your tattoo,” I said, sobbing. Finlay looked down, and didn’t see anything since I was pressed into his chest.
“It will be fine, love. I promise. Even if it leaves a scar, it just makes it better. Nothing is perfect. Not even you or our bond.
It will be a nice reminder.” He was doing his best to comfort me. I appreciated it, but I needed an outlet for all the
feelings the incident had caused. As I couldn’t kill James, I needed to have a good cry. Finlay stripped me naked and
gently lifted me into the shower with him. We stood under the hot water, the sparks from our naked bodies touching
calmed me and Finlay’s scent and gentle embrace did the rest. “Feeling better?” he asked.
“Yes, thank you. And thank you for kicking James’ ass and not the other way around,” I told him. He chuckled and tilted
my head up, he placed a kiss on my lips.
“There was no other acceptable outcome,” he said. When we got out of the shower I put on some of the salve I had got
for my injury in the catch the flag game.
“I love you, Finn. I expect you to be around for a long time,” I told him.
“I love you, too. I’m not going anywhere,” he promised. I nodded. We got dressed and headed downstairs. Our friends
had done a good job with the cleaning. I could no longer scent blood and the broken s had been removed. I sent a
text to my parents telling them what had happened and telling them we would call when we got back home. We had just
settled down in the livingroom to relax when Matilda got back. She took one look around.
“Who is going to tell me what happened here?” she asked. I giggled
###Battle of Fate 96
Home. We were going home, finally. I had to restrain myself from pushing everyone out the door of the cabin in the morning. To be honest, they didn’t need me pushing them. Everyone was just as excited as me to go home. Amie had
taken my altercation with Alpha James harder than I expected. She had been keeping close to me ever since. Not that I
minded. It was where I preferred her to be, but I didn’t like her to feel stressed or worried. We needed to get back home
so I could give her all my attention. After breakfast, everyone offered to help wash up and pack the last things. It was
almost comical to see them all ‘helping’. My aunt did her best not to snap at them as they got in her way.
“Okay, everyone. Take one last look around, make sure we haven’t forgotten anything. We won’t be back for another ten
years,” I called out. Amie and I had already made sure everything in our rooms had been packed and stored in my truck. We stood waiting while the others had a look around.
“All done, everything is packed,” Sam declared.
“Then let’s get in the cars. Time to go home,” I told them. There was a loud cheer and we filed out of the cabin. I opened
the door to the passenger seat for Amie. She had the packed lunch my aunt and Raina had made for us. As she got
seated, I leaned in and kissed her, because I hadn’t a good reason not to do it.
“A day and a half,” Amie said as I pulled out and made sure everyone was following.
“Homesick, Red?” I asked.
“Yes.” I took her hand and as the warrior manning the checkpoint let us pass through, she let out a sigh and I could feel
her relaxing. I kissed the back of her hand while watching the road.
“A day and a half,” I reminded her.
“When we get home, do you think the pack will let us stay locked in our house for a week?” she asked. I laughed.
“Are you kidding me? Medow and my aunt will steal you away to plan a mating ceremony,” I said.
“Oh! I didn’t even think about that.” She was not big on celebrations, it had gotten better since she came to the pack but
she was still bad at things that put her in the spotlight. Everyone else birthdays and celebrations, she was the first one to
organise. It was nice to know my aunt and Medow would make sure Amie got her moment as well.
“I think you need to plan for it,” I said. “What else do you want to do when we get home?”
“Gardening. I know Medow said she would look after your garden, but I miss spending time in it. Maybe there will be
enough rhubarbs left to make a pie,” she dreamily said.
“Our garden. Well, let’s be honest, your garden,” I corrected her. Her smile grew bigger.
“And I want to walk along the creek, the wildflowers will soon be out of season. And go for a run on pack land. The full
moon is only two weeks away. What do you want to do?” she asked.
“Spend time with my mate,” I told her.
“That’s not fair. You make me sound like a bad mate,” she ed. I smiled.
“Not at all. You have all the right to do things that make you happy. I will just follow you around,” I said. She looked at
me like I was crazy, but then she smiled.
“I would like that. And we need to move my things,” she added to the list.
“And I will talk to Miles about the addition to the house,” I told her.
“We should probably schedule some time to run the pack as well.” She giggled.
“Yes. That as well. But we will be allowed to sleep in for the next month,” I decided.
“Deal,” Amie agreed. We continued talking, planning and eventually falling silent. It was the nice kind of silence we
always had enjoyed. We stopped at lunchtime to eat and switch drivers.
“Take a nap, you will have the first evening shift,” Amie told me.
“Am I talking too much, Red?” I teased her.
“You are,” she said. “Now be quiet and sleep.” She put on music on a low volume and I twisted so I had my back halfway
to the door. That way, I could lean back and still watch her.
Next Page
The journey was just as unproblematic as when we drove to the games. Amie had asked everyone if they wanted us to
stop for the night. I knew she wanted to get back as soon as possible, but as the Luna she was, she put the others’ well
being first. No one wanted to stop. We were all equally eager to get back. It was late evening on the second day when we
crossed into the pack land. A shiver ran down my spine as the connection reestablished itself.
“Home,” Amie said and took my hand.
Just a heads up: novel5s.com is the only place to read the complete version of this book for free. Don’t miss out on the
next chapter—visit us now and continue your journey!
“Home,” I agreed. Word of our arrival had spread through the pack and almost everyone stood waiting outside the pack
house as we parked in the open space in front of it. I drove and parked at my house. It was right next to the pack house,
and I wanted everyone to have a chance to greet their families before I sprung my surprise on them. Amie and I hung
back and watched the reunion. Jake was hugging Mari and Cadence while kissing his mate, who was holding their pup.
Sam had Medow in a tight hold as he placed a kiss on Martina’s head. Medow handed their daughter over to him and all
around them similar reunions were happening. “Ready?” I asked Amie.
“As ready as I’ll ever be,” she told me and took my hand. We walked towards the pack. Medow looked up to greet us. Her
eyes grew big. She looked at Amie’s neck, then at mine and then down to our linked hands. I could feel Amie was as
amused by her reaction as I was. Medow didn’t seem to know what to do. In the end, her instinct won out, and she
bowed.
“Alpha, Luna,” she said. The pack became silent as they looked at Medow and then at us. Realisation hit them and they
followed Medow’s lead. Even the members who had been with us bowed, even though they had already sworn their
allegiance once.
“Thank you, but that is enough,” Amie told them. I looked at her and smiled. That is why I missed the missile that was
Medow as she hurled herself at Amie. At first, my instinct was to pull her off as I was afraid Amie would get hurt. But she
just laughed and hugged Medow back.
“You couldn’t have waited until you came back? You didn’t even call to tell me?” Medow said as they both laughed.
“We thought it would be more fun this way,” Amie told her.
“You robbed me of the opportunity to welcome you home as a Luna deserves,” Medow said, pretending to pout. “And
you!” she said, looking at Sam. I saw my friend turn pale. In the past, I would have found it funny, but since mating, I truly
understood the need of pleasing your mate.
“We told him not to say anything,” I told Medow. She looked disapprovingly at me.
“Well, then I guess I will forgive him,” she said. Sam looked relieved.
‘Thank you,’ he linked me.
‘Remember this if I ever need to be saved,’ I mindlinked back. The pack all came around to congratulate us and Medow
and Shelly demanded to know how we found out we were destined mates. To my delight, Amie blushed as she told a
very watered-down version of events.
“Thank you, everyone. It has been a long day for the ones coming back. I think we all could use some food and then
head off to bed. Tomorrow we will celebrate the pack’s new rank,” Amie told everyone. There was a lot of cheering and
howling as the pack disbursed. I noticed Ramses had a trail of single women following him around. He was the only
unmated member of the participants. I put my arm around Amie as we walked into the dining hall. We sat down at our
usual table. My aunt, Sam and Medow joined us. There was food being brought out and we ate as we talked. As I
expected, my aunt and Medow wanted Amie to sit down with them to plan the mating ceremony.
“We need to have a meeting first, the top tier have some things to discuss,” I told them. They agreed. Once we had eaten
I could see Amie hiding a yawn. “We will deal with your things tomorrow. I think it’s time for bed,” I told her and kissed
her. She happily nodded. We walked together towards our home. I paused outside the front door.
Just a heads up: novel5s.com is the only place to read the complete version of this book for free. Don’t miss out on the
next chapter—visit us now and continue your journey!
“What? Please don’t tell me you have lost the key or something. If you have, we can spend the night in my apartment
and figure it out in the morning,” she told me. I smiled at her and showed her the key. I unlocked the door and opened it
but when she was heading inside I stopped her. I swept her up in my arms. “What are you doing?!” she asked. I chuckled
and kissed her.
“I think this is a human custom. The man should carry the woman into their home on the first night. I like it. It feels like we should mark this occasion somehow. This is a good way,” I said. She smiled and kissed me.
“I agree. Please don’t slam my head on the frame,” she told me.
“I would never. You are too precious.” I carefully carried her into our house and kicked the door shut behind us. I walked
towards the stairs. Usually when Amie was in the house, we stayed on the ground floor. Upstairs were only bedrooms and
bathrooms. She had never had a reason to be there. It was different now. I climbed the stairs with her in my arms. She
had put her arms around my neck and was resting her head on my shoulder.
“I could get used to this,” she told me.
“I will carry you around everyday if you wish.” She giggled.
“It’s sweet of you. But I think it would get old fast, but I won’t to it occasionally.” I walked into my, now our,
bedroom and gently put her down.
“It smells like the old you,” she told me with a happy smile.
“I prefer my new scent. It’s part you.”
“You are laying it on thick tonight, Alpha,” she told me. I smiled and pulled her flush to me.
“Should I stop?”
“No. I like it. I like it very much and I think I’m going to reward you,” she said and pulled my t-shirt out of my pants.
“You are tired,” I pointed out as her hands ran over my naked skin. The sparks felt amazing.
“So are you. Do you want me to stop?”
“Fuck no!”
— The new chapters will update daily —
###Battle of Fate 97
Game of Destiny
Chapter 97-1 
The morning light seeping in through the window woke me up. I had a moment of confusion as I couldn’t understand how the light
was coming in from that direction. I was used to the windows in my room and the winde wack in the cabin and neither of them
had light hitting the bed from that direction. My brain woke up enough to remind me I was in my new bedroom, in my new house, The one I shared with Finlay. 
“Go back to sleep, sweetheart,” Finlay grumbled and placed a kiss on my shoulder and buried his face in my hair. I smiled and relaxed. For the next hour or two I was half sleeping, half enjoying the feeling of Finlay’s body against mine. I enjoyed the feeling of the pack bond and the connection to the land, Coming home was the best thing ever. I felt Finlay stir. He rolled onto his back and pulled me with him so I ended up on top of him.
“You look more relaxed than in a while,” he said, brushing locks of hair out of my face.
“I am. It feels amazing being home. Even better to be home with you I feel like I could conquer the world,” I told him. He laughed and kissed me.
“We rank third in one Game and you are aiming for world domination.” I laughed with him.
“Maybe not today. Today I’m moving, we have to talk to Jake and Shelly and we need to call my parents and spend time with the pack,” I told him.
“I see. I agree, you are too busy to take over the world today. Let’s put it on the agenda for Thursday.” I rolled my eyes. My fingers traced the faint scar from where James had clawed him. His tattoo looked unharmed, it had healed perfectly. I placed a kiss on it. “All better,” Finlay told me.
“I love you,” I said.
“I love you too, Red.” We kissed and got up to start the day.
ed. After breakfast, Sam and Medow joined us in the meeting room. Sam refused to put Martina down on her play mat, no one Even Martina seemed happy being in her dad’s arms. I headed for the Luna’s chair, but Finlay took my hand and led me over to his chair. He sat down and pulled me into his lap.
‘Seriously?’ I asked him in a mindlink.
‘I have told you my views on this table and its seating arrangement. This is the solution until we get a round one.‘ I rolled my eyes, but didn’t get up..
“We will get a round table. Amie is not sitting all the way on the other side,” Finlay told the other two. Sam looked at him and Medow giggled.
“I’m not surprised,” she said. “He has been patient for six years, now he needs to get six years worth of protectiveness and neediness out of his system.”
“No one s?” Finlay asked, as if he hadn’t heard Medow’s comment. I giggled and kissed his cheek. No one ed. “Good. Next on the agenda is we need a new Beta. Amie and I have a suggestion, but I would like to hear your thoughts about it.”
“We suggest Jake,” I said. Sam nodded and looked pleased.
“Oh, I like it,” Medow said. “Shelly has been an absolute treasure while you have been away. Helping with the pack and Martina. It has been nice to have someone to talk to and she is so calm and organised.” I nodded.
“Jake is a good choice as well. He saved us a couple of times during the Game and he is brave and loyal,” Sam said.
“I would say it’s a done deal then,” Finlay concluded. He sounded pleased. “Amie and I will talk to them and we hope they will say 
1/2
Chapter 97-1 
yes.
“I need to clear out my office and move my things into yours,” I said
“Ours,” he corrected me.
“And we need to talk about the mating ceremony,” Medow said.
“I need to pack my things/first, and I need to call my parents,” I said
“Fine. How about we all be responsible adults today. After dinner, Shelly, Matilda, you and I will have a ladies night and we will help you pack, you and Matilda can tell us all about the games and we can gossip,” Medow suggested.
Chapter Comments 
Sfayz
oh come ooon!!
what’s it with the cliffhanger
VIEW 1 COMMENT >
?_2
SHARE
2/2 
POST COMMENT
1 
-B
Game of Destiny 
Chapter 97-2 
“Oh, yes please,” I agreed.
“Um, no?” Finlay ed.
“I’m with him,” Sam said.
“Why not?” I asked.
“Why do you want to be away from me an entire evening?” Finlay asked.
“I just got home yesterday, after being away for a month. I have missed you and Martina,” Sam added. Medow looked at me.
“Some advice from someone who has been mated for years. The men will be clingy and needy. It’s cute, and it’s tempting to give in to these cute faces,” she told me, pinching Sam’s cheek. “But you need to set boundaries. You don’t want to give in every time. It’s healthy to spend some time apart from time to time.”
“Sounds like good advice,” I said, nodding.
“No. Don’t listen to her. What does she know?” I looked up at Finlay who was giving me puppy dog eyes. I covered his eyes with my
hand.
“I love you and I will miss you, but I will have an evening with my friends and you can help Sam and Jake look after the pups,” I 
told him.
“Good idea!” Medow agreed.
“Why don’t you love me?” Sam asked.
“Honestly!” Medow snorted. We looked at each other and giggled. Sam and Finlay surrendered and Sally
and Medow left. Finlay asked Jake and Shelly to come to our office. We made our way there.I looked at the double desk as if I had never seen it before. Finlay and I had worked at the desk together for years. He hated the paperwork needed for the pack, I usually helped him get through it, but I had never used the empty part of the desk. Just like the empty chair at the top tier table, it had not been for me.
Now it was mine to claim. 
“It won’t bite,” Finlay told me and pushed me in the direction of the desk.
“I just got a heavy dose of imposter syndrome,” I confessed.
“It’s yours. Fair and square. As my Luna, this is your place. If you feel better about it, you can always sit in my lap,” he offered. I giggled.
“I would like it, but I think we should keep this professional,” I said. We sat down behind our desks. Finlay pulled my chair as close to his as it would go. I didn’t as I liked the closeness just as much as he did. There was a knock on the door and Jake mindlinked us to let us know it was him and Shelly. We invited them in and asked them to sit down on the visitors‘ chairs. Jake was
holding Rose.
“I hope you don’t mind that we brought her. She has been clingy with Jake since he got back,” Shelly said.
“Not at all,” I told her. “Martina behaves the same way with Sam.”
“We have asked to talk to you because we have an issue,” Finlay started. I wanted to roll my eyes at how dramatic he was. “Since Amie now is our Luna, she can’t also be our Beta. That leaves a chair at our table empty.” Both Jake and Shelly nodded, neither seemed as to catch on to what Finlay was saying.
1/2
Chapter 97-2 
We would like for you to fill R, Jake,” I said.
“Me?” he asked as if it was the most unthinkable thing he had ever heard.
“Yes, you. You really impressed us during the game and it’s clear how dedicated you are to this pack. In addition, Shelly, you have been a great help to Medow while we have been away. We think you would be a great addition as well. I’m not going to lie. The next year or two will be tough. We are a new pack in the top rank. We have few allies and it means a lot of packs will want to establish diplomacy. It will mean a lot of research, meetings and trips to meet with packs,” Finlay told them. They looked at each other and I knew they were discussing it. We let them have a moment and I focused on playing with Finlay’s fingers. Finlay observed me with joyfulness. 
“We have made a decision,” Jake said. Finlay and I put our focus back on the couple and the pup in front of us. 
Chapter Comments 
Sfayz
oh come ooon!!
what’s it with the cliffhanger
VIEW 1 COMMENT >
2
SHARE
POST COMMENT
###Battle of Fate 98
“We would be honoured. I would be honoured. I will do my best to live up to the standard of Beta, we have had two of the best wolves for the role,” Jake told us. I smiled.
“I think you will be amazing. It’s clear you both are dedicated to the pack and you are brilliant, Jake,” I said. “And I will be here to hand things over to you.” Finlay placed a kiss on the back of my hand.
“I’m happy you accepted. We will need a day or two for Amie to clear out the office and you have earned some time off. But we expect you to be ready to join in any meeting of the top tier starting today. I will announce it to the pack at lunch,” he said.
“Yes, Alpha.” We let them get on with their day. They had a lot to talk about and they needed to tell their children as well.
“So. What is up next on that list of yours?” Finlay asked.
“Speaking to my parents. Elder and Becky won’t be home for another couple of days, but I don’t want to wait.”
“We can do it here, or we can do it at home.”
“At home, on the porch. I will make us some lemonade,” I said.
“You have the best ideas,” he told me.
You seem excited,” I remarked as we were walking back to our house, hand in hand, with a pitcher of lemonade I had made in the pack kitchen as we still hadn’t had time to shop and our fridge was empty.
“I like your parents. I enjoy talking to them and they always make me feel like I’m part of the family. It’s nice.” He can be so adorable, I thought as he got glasses while I got comfortable on the couch out back. I sent a text to my parents asking if it was okay to call. They answered almost straight away we could call when we were ready. Finlay poured the lemonade and sat down next to me with his arm around me. I called my dad and he and my mom showed up on my screen.
“Hi,” both Finlay and I said at the same time. My parents‘ smiles grew bigger.
“Hello you two, did you make it back safely?” my mom asked.
“Yes, it was an uneventful trip,” Finlay told her.
“And the pack?” she wanted to know. I laughed.
“They got a nice surprise. I think they have received the news well,” said.
“Don’t listen to her,” Finlay ed. “The pack is ecstatic.” I elbowed him as my parents laughed.
“Have a look at this mom,” I said as a way to distract her and let the camera show the garden, the wildflower covered meadow beyond it, the creek and the woods. 
Oh my. That is an amazing garden,” I heard her say. I put the camera back on us.
“Ready to talk about what happened on your last day at the game?” my dad asked.
“How much has Elder told you?” I asked.
“Not much. Just enough to let us know James did something which could have ended badly, but thanks to Finlay and you, disaster was avoided,” he told us.
1/2
Chapter 98-1 
Do you want to tell them?‘ Finlay asked in a mindlink.
“No, you go ahead. And don’t try to lessen it. Elder will end up telling them everything,‘ I told him. Finlay kissed my hair and told my parents everything. I watched my parents pale and my father’s face took on a hard look. Again, I got a feeling I was making their lives harder. It was as I was thrown back ten years in time. Finlay had finished his story and we let my parents take it all in.
‘Stop it, Red. This is not your fault. You are not the one who caused his and I will not let you feel guilty because of it,‘ he said in a mindlink.
‘I will try.‘
‘You will not try, you will do.‘ I smiled.
‘Yes, Alpha.‘ 
“That is not what I was expecting, or hoping, to hear How he could do something like it. Even thinking of coming between a true mated and marked pair,” my dad said. His voice made it clear how offended he was by the thought.
“Are you okay, Finlay?” my mom asked.
“I’m fine, all healed and it doesn’t look like there will be much of a scar,” he answered.
Chapter Comments 
13
POST COMMENT NOW
<SHARE
2/2
Game of Destiny
Chapter 98-2 
“We are grateful for your leniency. We all know the punishment for the offence and our pack would have suffered. As a member of the Eagle Forest pack, I appreciate what you did. As your dad, 1 wish you had reported everything to the council and let the man who hurt you and then hurt your mate, face his crimes.” We all looked at him.
“Someone is grumpy today,“/my mom said and kissed my dad.
“We are far enough apart/for us to feel safe; it won’t happen again,” inlay said. Both my parents nodded.
“Have you given any thought to receiving a call from the others?” my mom asked.
had
“Are they still interested in talking even though I rejected James?” I asked. I had thought their will to talk to me had stemmed from me potentially being their Luna.
“Of course they do. They just want to see how you are,” my mom said.
“But you don’t need to, pumpkin,” my dad added. My mom nodded in agreement.
“I would like to do it, as long as Finn can be there as well,” I said. I wanted him there as he made me feel safe, and I knew he would never let me take a call like it without him.
“I don’t think anyone will to that,” my dad said.
“And we will be there as well,” my mom told me.
“That is a given,” my dad agreed.
“Then you can set it up. We will be a little busy the coming days with celebrating our rank, me moving, the new Beta settling in…” 
“And the mating ceremony,” Finlay added.
“And that,” I added. My mom and I shared a look. She didn’t need to tell me how much she wished she could be present for my
mating ceremony.
“We will wait for a week or so,” my dad told me.
“Sounds good,” I said. We continued talking for another half hour. We managed to stay on topics which were happier. When we said goodbye and hung up, I relaxed into Finlay.
“I really like these calls with your family,” he said as he watched me play with his fingers.
“Good. They have now adopted you, so you won’t get rid of them.”
“I’m more than happy to keep them. As long as your dad doesn’t start calling me pumpkin.” I laughed.
“That’s my nickname, I will fight you for it,” I told him. We both laughed. “Time for lunch?” I asked.
“Yeah. It’s nice to get back to the usual routines. It was nice having the meals in a small group, but it will be even better to have them in the pack’s dining hall again.” I could only agree. We sat down at our usual table and watched as the dining room filled with the pack. More people than usual were eating at the pack house. Everyone was in a celebratory mood. Just before the food was to be served, Finlay and I stood up and the pack fell silent.
“Since Amie is now my Luna,” Finlay started, he put his arm around me and the pack cheered. “She can’t also be the Beta. Not even she is capable of doing everything.” He kissed my temple. “We will have a new Beta. It gives me the greatest pleasure to tell you
1/2
Chapter 98-2
that both Jake and Shelly have accepted the position and will be starting with effect immediately.” Howling and cheering was heard as the pack merged onto the new Beta couple to congratulate them. It was clear how popular Jake was in the pack and how much they trusted him. It felt like we had made the right decision. We enjoyed lunch with the pack and then Finlay helped me pack up my former office and bring my personal things over to our office. Before we knew it we were in the middle of a party. The ones working in the kitchen had made dinner into the celebration we had requested. Everyone’s favourite food, three types of desert, music, laughter and an occasional song. The pups reenacted the tales from the games. The teenagers who weren’t all the way grown up were looking at the younger ones who played. It was easy to see they wanted to join in, but thought it was beneath them. Cadence and Jon were in that group. I could have sworn, they had grown inches since I saw them last. Finlay and I danced and made rounds to talk to the pack. A little after seven, Medow and Matilda took my hands.
“We are off for a girls night packing and gossiping. Shelly is getting ood and drink,” Medow said. I giggled.
“Really?” Finlay asked.
“We won’t survive, and what will then happen to Martina?” Sam tried.
“It’s okay. Jake will care for her when you two perish,” “Shelly said as she came walking with a picnic basket. Jake followed her with Rose in his arms. 
“I don’t know, I think I won’t make it either,” he ed.
“Men!” both Medow and Shelly stated and rolled their eyes.
“You will do fine,” I told Finlay and kissed him. “I’ll be home when we are done, be brave and endure.”
“If you’re not home by midnight, I’ll come and get you,” he said.
“I’m not making any promises. I have collected quite a few things.” I was true. It wouldn’t be as few boxes as I had when I moved to the pack. I had put down roots. 
Chapter Comments 
###Battle of Fate 99
Chapter 99-1 
It was an amazing evening. We snacked and gossiped, and they helped me pack. Everyone shared their mating story, even Matilda. I had never heard her talk about her mate before. She had a smile on Her face as she talked. It made her look youthful. There was also
pain there. We were taught as pups about the pain of losing your male. Wo all feared it, but it wasn’t until now when I had Finlay
十
that I truly felt the ice cold dread to face a fate like it. It would be like losing half of myself. A scar which would never heal. The strength Matilda had not only to survive, but to thrive, to be the support of her nephew and then a whole pack. She was an amazing
woman.
“I can’t believe we finally have a Luna,” Medow said happily as she was helping stack books in a box.
“Let’s be honest, we have had a Luna for years. We just haven’t calle her Luna,” Shelly said and both she and Medow giggled.
“That reminds me, who won the bet?” I asked.
“The bet?” Shelly asked, trying to look innocent. Medow blushed. The only one who seemed to be genuinely confused was Matilda.
“You didn’t know about the bet? I thought you knew everything,” I said.
“What bet?” she asked.
“The bet about when Finlay and I would mate. And you two can stop pretending. Sam told me everything,” I explained.
“He did? I will have to explain to him what a secret is,” Medow huffed. I smiled.
“I’m not upset. I think it’s kind of funny, but I want to know who won. I know it’s not Sam.”
“Ramses. He changed his bet after your first game. I should have changed mine as well,” Shelly told me. I giggled. Medow and Shelly filled us in on what had happened in the pack while we had been away.
“Thank you all for helping me. This would have taken me forever to do on my own and it would have been so boring,” I told them as we closed the last box. The room looked empty without all my things.
“We were happy to help. Right ladies?” Matilda said.
“Right!” Medow and Shelly said as one.
“I think we have kept our mates waiting long enough. Let’s see if we can find them,” I said and we set off. It wasn’t hard to find them. The three of them were in the common room. They were playing cards with the two pups sleeping on the couch and Cadence and Jon sitting on the other couch, reading comics. It was such a homely scene it made my heart swell. All three men put down their cards when they saw us. Finlay walked up and kissed me.
“Hi,” I said.
“Hi. Are you done?” 
“Yes, everything is packed and done.”
“Good. I have been very well behaved, don’t you think? I haven’t mindlinked you once, I didn’t come to get you and I have been playing cards and distracting myself,” he pointed out. I giggled.
“Yes. You have been good,” I agreed.
“Good enough to earn a reward?” 
1/2
Chapter 99-1 
“Ah, I see where this is going. Are you in need of social cuddling?” The smile fell from Finlay’s face,
“Um, yeah. I giggled, it was too easy to tease him.
Don’t look so disappointed, honey. I will give you a proper reward for being patient. The cuddling will come after,‘ I mindlinked him and gave him a kiss on his cheek. Finlay’s smile returned with new force. He chuckled.
“Never doubted you,” he told me.
“Do you have a couple of minutes before the two of you head home Matilda asked me.
“Sure,” I said. Finlay didn’t , he had too much respect for his ant. “How about we take a walk?” I suggested.
“Sounds lovely,” Matilda agreed.
“It’s dark outside,” Finlay pointed out.
“We both have excellent sight even in the dark,” I reminded him.
“That was not the point.” Matilda laughed at Finlay’s reply.
“Relax, Alpha. We are back on pack land. I will have your Luna back safely before you know it,” she told him.
“Why don’t you head home and I will be there before you know it?” asked him. He nodded and kissed me. Me and Matilda headed out back to walk along the creek.
“You make him happy,” she told me. I smiled.
“He makes me happy, so it’s the least I can do.” She nodded.
“I haven’t welcomed you to the family, I’m truly happy to have you,” Matilda said.
Chapter Comments 
2
POST COMMENT NOW
SHARE
2/2 
Game of Destiny 
Chapter 99-2 
Thank you. You have always been accepting of me, I already felt like family,” I confessed.
“I have seen you as family as well, but now it’s official. I have known this would happen since the day you first shifted.” 
“You did? How?” I was considering if Matilda had the sight of the future. I wouldn’t be surprised.
“The way Finlay looked at you when you were shifting. I had seen him guide several pack members through their first shift, but I had never seen that expression on his face. He looked to be in just as much pain as you were. Then, when he behaved like a toddler who’s favourite binky had been taken from him when you had to stay two weeks in the human town. It just reinforced my suspicions. Mind you, I had no idea you were fated mates. I just thought the two of you had found someone you clicked with. I should have known better,” she told me and chuckled.
“Was he really that bad? I talked to him every evening during those weeks and he seemed just fine.” 
“Of course he did, he was talking to you. But during the day he was ke a sulking child. The entire pack was ecstatic when you came back and we got our old Alpha back. I have been waiting since then. And waiting, and waiting. The gods know the two of you don’t rush into things. Now, I understand why, but I was at my wits end for a moment. I was seriously considering locking the two of you in a room until you sorted things out.” I giggled.
“That would have been interesting,” I said. She laughed.
I’m happy everything has sorted itself out. The two of you belong together and I’m looking forward to having you as my niece and as my Luna.”
“Thank you, aunt Matilda.” We smiled at each other.
“I think it’s time I take you back, or my nephew will hunt us down. He can be a tad bit dramatic, but he has been patient today.” We
walked back in silence. Finlay stood waiting for me on the porch. I hugged Matilda and she waved at him as she walked back to the
pack house. Finlay walked up to me.
“How about a run before we turn in for the night?” he asked after he had kissed me. As soon as he suggested it, I felt both me and my wolf crave a run.
“It sounds amazing,” I told him. We stripped on the porch and shifted. As we ran into the woods, I took a moment to enjoy the feeling of being in my wolf form on pack land. The hum of the surroundings as the link between me and the land was reinforced
was mesmerising.
‘I needed this,‘ I told Finlay in our mindlink.
‘So did I. My wolf wants to check every part of the woods, make sure the land is still safe and is still ours,‘ he said.
‘Maybe not the entire pack land tonight. It will take us until dawn.‘ I got the sense he was laughing. His wolf looked over at me and then he charged me. He nipped at my legs with playful excitement, and my wolf got the message and tried to nip back. It started a chase. Playing with Finlay was a freeing feeling as we sprinted through the woods. After an hour of chasing each other around, we ended up at our viewpoint, looking out over the river and the mountains. I happily sat down and looked out over the landscape. Finlay sat down next to me, as close as was possible. ‘I think I would be happy never to leave this place again. This is where I feel the most happiness,‘ I told him. He licked my head.
‘I feel the same.‘ 
‘But we will have to leave at some point,‘ I said.
We do. We need to meet with allies, and your family,‘ he agreed.
1/2
Chapter 99-2 
Well, that seems like good reasons.‘
And in a year it’s the next Alpha meeting. I was hoping not to have to go alone,‘ he said.
You won’t. This time I will go with you.”
‘Do you feel ready to head home, Red?‘ he asked.
I’m more than ready. Last one back will have to clean the bathroom for a month,‘ I said and sprinted off.
‘Sweetheart, that is cheating,‘ Finlay called as I sensed him setting off after me.
‘Just because you are old and slow to get going.‘
‘I will make you pay, just you wait. Both me and my wolf were happy. We didn’t mind if we lost to our mate, he was a worthy
opponent.
Chapter Comments 
2
POST COMMENT NOW 
###Battle of Fate 100
me of Destiny
Chapter 100-1 
I couldn’t believe it was already time for our mating ceremony. It was a full moon and Shelly, Medow, Matilda and I had gathered at my place to get ready. Finlay had gently, but firmly, been told to get ready with Sam.. 
“You look beautiful, Luna,” Matilda said as she entertained the two pups.
“Thank you,” I told her. It had been a struggle finding a dress I both liked and was dramatic enough according to the other women. I had refused anything resembling a ballgown. The ceremony would be held at the firepit in the woods, and it didn’t feel right to be so overdressed. In the end I found an amazing dress. It was cut on the diagonal, leaving one arm and shoulder bare, while the other shoulder was covered and the white fabric swept down across my body and formed the dress. It had a high slit on the same side as the sleeve and the diagonal cut made it go from knee length to fullngth. The sleeve on the covered arm was long and flowy. From the shoulder, gold pearls were sewn into a pattern that became sparser the further from the shoulder you got. “Are you sure I should have my hair down?7
“Yes,” all the others answered as one.
1
“Fine, fine.” They had helped me put wildflowers into my hair. They were scattered throughout it.
‘Can I come and pick you up now or are you going to make me wait longer?” Finlay mindlinked me.
“Ladies, are we ready?” I asked.
“Let me guess, my nephew is getting impatient?” Matilda asked. Everyone smiled knowingly.
“We are ready,” Medow said.
‘You can come and pick me up,‘ I linked back as the women took the pups and left. It didn’t take long for the knock on the door to come and I called for him to come in. Finlay had on a dark suit with a blood red tie and he looked amazing. He stopped and looked
at me.
“Wow,” he said and continued to look at me..
“You like the dress?” I asked as I was starting to feel self–conscious. did a spin to let him see it from all angles.
“It’s beautiful, but you are breathtaking.” He finally walked up to me and took my hands in his. “You look like a goddess.” I felt myself blush.
“Thank you. You look amazing as well.” He smiled and we kissed.
“Are you ready for this?” he asked.
“I am,” I said truthfully, and felt both my and Finlay’s excitement.
“Let’s go and see the pack,” he said. We walked out of our house together, holding hands. We walked in silence on the path to the glade. The night was warm, but not as warm as it had been only a week before. Fall was coming. The full moon looked down on us and it made me think back on the night I first shifted. We were almost at the glade, I could see the bonfire between the trees.
“I have a surprise for you,” Finlay told me.
What are you up to?” I asked. He just smiled and led me the final steps out into the glade. The entire pack was waiting for us. Medow was holding an iPad and as I looked at it, I saw my parents and Elder and Becky. I gasped and looked at Finlay.
“I know it’s not the same as them being here, but at least they can be a part of this moment this way,” he told me. I felt myself tearing up.
1/2
Chapter 100-1 
“Thank you,” I told him and kissed his cheek. The pack gathered around us and Matilda stepped forward.
Chapter Comments 
? LIKE
POST COMMENT NOW 
<SHARE
2/2
Game of Destiny 
Chapter 100-2 
“We are gathered as a pack to celebrate the true bond between our pha, Finlay, and our Luna, Armeria. We have all seen the strength of their love and their bond. Is there anyone among us who will challenge Alpha Finlay for the right to bond with Luna Armeria?” she asked. We stood in silence. “Is there anyone among us who will challenge Luna Armeria for the right to bond with Alpha Finlay?” There was another silent period where all we heard was the sound of the woods and the roaring fire. “The challenge has passed without being met. We accept them as our Alpha pair and the pack has sworn them loyalty. May the moon goddess bless their bond and the road ahead,” Matilda finished the ritual. Finlay and I looked at each other the entire time, the words seeping into our souls. As was tradition, when Matilda finished, Finlay drew the closer and kissed me as the pack howled at the moon. I thought I heard a camera go off, but I was too into the moment to register it.
“Time to start the party!” Sam announced when we had ended the ks. Music started to flow in glade, the pack moved towards the buffet which was set up and Finlay and I walked up to Medow and the iPad.
“You look beautiful, Armeria,” my mom said. She was wiping her eyes with a paper towel and my dad had his arm tightly around
her.
“You are all grown up now, pumpkin. You look just like your mother, my dad told me. His voice was heavy with emotions.
“Thank you. And thank you for being here. It means the world to me. That goes for you two as well,” I said. The last part was aimed at my brother and Becky.
“We wouldn’t miss it for anything,” Becky said, she looked teary–eyed as well.
“You look happy, little sister,” Elder told me.
“I am happy.”
“Not as happy as I am,” Finlay said.
“Thank you, Finlay, for reaching out to us and suggesting this. My daughter has found a good man. It makes me happy to know she has you,” my mom told him. I looked up at him with a smile on my face. He looked stunned.
“He is amazing,” I agreed. It seemed to wake him.
“Thank you, Melissa. My only goal is to make Amie happy.” Yeah, he was scoring all the brownie points form my mother.
“We will let you celebrate with your pack. We’ll talk soon again. Congratulations to the both of you. It was a lovely ceremony,” my dad said.
“And we expect copies of the photos,” my mom added.
“Photos?” I asked as we had disconnected the call.
“Frida took photos throughout the ceremony, didn’t you notice?” Finlay asked.
you, my
“I noticed something. I was just a little preoccupied,” I told him in my own defence. He chuckled and kissed me. “Thank love. It really meant a lot having my family here. Every time I think can’t love you more, you do a thing like this,” I told him. He smiled and brushed my cheek with his hand.
“I wasn’t just trying to get on your mother’s good side, I really do things for the sake of making you happy.”
“I know. I love you.” 
“I love you too.” He took me to the food and made sure I had a platter full of it. We ate, mingled and after a while, Frida walked up
1/2
Chapter 100-2 
to us with her camera. She showed us some of the photos she had been taking. There was one of us kissing, in the background was the roaring fire that framed us. It was a powerful photo and I loved
“Told you I would make sure you had a photo to use as your lock screen,” Finlay told me.
“Forget the lock screen. That one is getting professionally printed and hung over the fireplace in the living room,” I insisted.
“Even better,” he agreed. After talking to Frida, he brought me over the area with dancing couples and we danced. A while in, Sam interrupted us to take Finlay’s place. Finlay reluctantly agreed. After Sam, I danced with Jake and Ramses and lastly Cadence before Finlay took over again. “Honestly,” he huffed. “It’s our mating ceremony. I would think they would let me dance with my mate.” I giggled and kissed him. We continued dancing. It was just as amazing to be in Finlay’s arms as he led me around the dancefloor. When he noticed me getting tired, he took me around the glade to mingle and then he guided me down the path back to the village.
“Are you happy with our mating ceremony?” he asked.
“It was perfect, it had everything I wished for and more,” I told him. hugged his arm and leaned my head on his shoulder.
“It is truly something I will remember for the rest of my life,” he agreed. He looked down at me. “It’s okay to ask,” he told me and kissed my hair.
“Why didn’t your mother join like my family did?” I asked. I had wanted to know since the moment I had seen my family but hadn’t seen Finlay’s.
tried to call, but no one answered. Then I texted, but never got a reply.”
“Do you think something has happened?” 
“My brother has most likely forbidden any contact with us. It doesn’t matter. She has made her decision. I like your family better anyway.” I knew it wasn’t the entire truth, but sometimes it was better to let things heal instead of picking at it.
“They love you as well. I think you are now my mom’s favourite child.” He chuckled and I felt better.
“I’ll make sure you get to see them again,” he promised.
“I know. I’m not worried.”
Chapter Comments 
###Battle of Fate 101
Game of Destiny
Chapter 101-1 
It was nice to be home. The game had brought with it so much more than anyone of us had predicted, both good and bad. Still, being home had both me and my wolf relaxing. It had been hard belt away from Mino for so long. Both Becky and I were grateful my parents had watched him so we both could attend, but it was a relief having him close again.
could swear he had grown inches since we had left. I was walking to the pack house. The routine of everyday life was slowly establishing itself again.
“Elder.” I turned towards the sound of my name being called and sighed internally. I wasn’t surprised to see my two uncles come walking my way. I knew what they wanted to speak to me about, I just didn’t know what to say to them.
“You have to talk to him,” Jonas said.
“I have tried, but he isn’t budging. Just leave it for a day or two to le his temper settle down,” I told him.
“A day or two?! Cindy can’t be stuck in the cells for that long,” he claimed.
“I don’t say our Alpha handled it the right way, but she did break into his room and crawl naked into his bed,” I pointed out. I was not comfortable having this conversation with her father.
“I know, I know. It was not her best decision, but the punishment is not equal to the crime,” he insisted. I agreed with him. Cindy was an idiot for doing what she did. She knew how unbalanced James was right now, and she pulled a stunt like that. Throwing her into the cells with basic rations and forbidden to see anyone, that was taking it too far. Unfortunately, James wasn’t open for input.
tried talking to him, he doesn’t listen to me,” Mark told me.
“He doesn’t listen to me either. He is not in a good place at the moment. We need to give him time. Mayb
she is for now. It will keep her from doing something to provoke him If she keeps prodding at him, he will
locking her in the cells,” I said to my uncles. 
Cindy is better off where
something worse than
“Elder,” Jonas ed. I sighed. They hadn’t been at the game, they hadn’t seen it all unfold and therefore they didn’t see how deep the issue ran. They just knew James had come back from the Game in a worse mood than they had ever seen him. They knew about the rejection and I had tried to explain to them why it hit our Alpha so hard, but they had a hard time believing it. In their world, he had rejected Amie, so why would he care if she accepted the rejection or not?
“I will talk to him,” I surrendered. “But we need to keep Cindy away from him if she is let out.”
“I will make sure of it,” her father promised. I nodded.
“Amie had her mating ceremony last night?” Mark asked. I nodded again and I smiled before I could stop myself. My little sister had looked like a true Luna in her white and gold dress. She had looked radiant and happy. I knew it was almost treason to think this way, but I was happy she had got a second chance mate and that it had been Alpha Finlay. He was good for my sister. No one could doubt how deeply they felt about each other. I had seen the bond between them the first day I had met her. Besides, I liked him. When he also put a smile on my sister’s face, then he became one of my favourite persons. My mother hadn’t stopped talking about how much she liked him and how nice it was to have him joining the family. I secretly thought she would make my dad jealous soon
if she didn’t stop praising the Alpha.
“Did it go well?” Jonas asked. I could see they both still cared about my sister.
“It did. She looked beautiful in her white and gold dress. The ceremony was as graceful as you could wish for and their pack seemed genuinely happy to have an Alpha pair,” I told them. They were both nodding along. “When are you calling her?” I asked.
“Tomorrow. Joy can barely contain herself,” Mark told me.
1/2
Game of Destiny 
Chapter 101-2 
“I hope it goes well. I’ll head over to talk to the Alpha. I’ll let you know how it goes,” I told them and continued my walk to the pack house. I didn’t know if I liked the idea of my uncles and aunts lking to Amie. In a way I thought it would do everyone good. In another way I felt like they had forfeited their right to be a part of her life, but if 1 were to think like that, did I have the right to be in her life? I decided Amie would be able to set boundaries on her own and her mate would be by her side. I knocked on James‘ office door and mindlinked him it was me. He told me to come in. He looked like shit. The bruises and small cuts he had received in his fight with Alpha Finlay had healed. Instead he looked like he hadn’t slept in weeks, his hair looked dishevelled and he hadn’t shaved in days. “You look like something found floating in the river, I honestly told him. He glared at me.
“Well, at least it will keep women out of my bed,” he said. I had to laugh.
“You need to pull yourself together, man,” I said and sat down opposte him without being asked.
“You sound like my mom.”
“There are worse people to be compared to. Look, I know shit has been hard and I know you are hurting, but if you continue down this road, the pack will suffer.” He sighed and rubbed his hands all over his face. 
“I know, I know. I just don’t know what to do to get in control of my life. What do I do with all this anger and pain?” he asked. I
had no idea.
“Don’t keep it bottled up inside,” I said.
“Tried letting it out. It ended up with me getting my ass kicked by my mate’s newest love interest.” He sounded bitter. I couldn’t really blame him for it.
“Ex–mate.” He glared at me when I corrected him. I glared back. “You need to face reality, James. You fucked up. This is the result. Own it and move on. Amie is mated to her true mate. That ship has sailed. You will have a chance to find a new mate as well. Or chose someone. There is always Cindy,” I told him. He looked at me and then he laughed.
“Don’t be fucking disgusting. She will never be my Luna.” It was nice to see him laughing.
“I get it, but there are other women out there. I’m not saying you should start sleeping around right away. Maybe just be less focused on my mated sister?”
“I know I should. Fuck! I feel like such a loser. If I hadn’t opened my fucking mouth back then. If I just had pushed my fear aside and done what my wolf told me, accept our mate. I would have been mated to Amie, maybe we would even have a pup or two,” he
told me.
“Don’t. There is no use in ‘what if‘. Things are the way they are.” 
“Yeah. Did you know I can barely feel my wolf?” he asked. I didn’t, and it made me worry.
“Since when?”
“Since the fight with the Alpha. He was weak even before then. Ever since our mate accepted my rejection. It hurt him deeply. He tried to reach out to Amie’s wolf and she refused to even acknowledge him. After the fight, he just seemed to fade.” James sounded defeated. I didn’t know what to say. The thought of losing my wolf scared me senseless. The only thing worse would be to lose
Becky and Mino.
“Maybe he just needs some time to heal?” I suggested. James nodded
“This needs to stay between us,” he told me.
“Of course.” If it came out our Alpha had almost lost his wolf, the pack would be a sitting target.
1/2 
Chapter 101-2
Did last night go well?” he asked. I hadn’t told him about the ceremony, but I wasn’t surprised he knew.
It did. I kept my answer short; not wanting to cause him even mor
“I bet she was beautiful,” he said in a dreamy voice.
“She was.” He hummed.
pain.
*She was always meant to wear white and gold. She was born for it.m happy she got to take her rightful place, even if it wasn’t by my side.” It was the first time I had heard him speak like that. It made me feel a tiny bit hopeful. Maybe we could all move forward and put this mess behind us. James would gain some perspective and heal. His wolf would return and things would settle down.
Chapter Comments 
2
POST COMMENT NOW
< SHARE
###Battle of Fate 102
Game of Destiny 
Chapter 102-1 
“Relax, Finlay told me and put his arms around me. I sighed and leaned against him. “Better. If this is stressing you out this much, we can always cancel the call. I can call your mother,” he said as he gently rubbed my back. I smiled at how casually he talked about calling my mother. A couple of months ago, I hadn’t spoken to her years, and now he talked about calling her like he had done it all his life. I loved it.
“No. It’s okay, I’m nervous, but I want to do it,” 1 told him. “You will be there so it will be fine.”
“And I will put an end to it if it gets out of control,” he reassured me I nodded. It was just after dinner and almost time for the call with my aunts and uncles, and mom and dad. We had decided to take the call from our home and we had asked the pack to give us a couple of hours for an important call. Our closest people knew what he call was about and I had received a lot of support and advice from all of them.
“Did you ever meet uncle Mark?” I asked as we settled down on the couch.
“Yes, briefly. He was still Alpha when I went to my first Alpha meeting, but there was so much going on with my old pack and me settling in as Alpha, I didn’t talk to him,” Finlay told me. I nodded,
was understandable It had been years before the two of us had met, the Eagle Forest pack would have held no special meaning to him. I took out my phone. Finlay placed his hand on my cheek and made me look at him. “I love you,” he said and kissed me,
“I love you, too.” I gave him a kiss back and then took a deep breath and answered the incoming call.
“Hello,” I said as I saw the screen. I had expected three pictures with each mated pair in one of them. Instead, they all sat at my parents‘ kitchen table and my dad was walking back from where they had set up the phone.
“Hi, Armeria,” my mom said.
“Oh look at you, Amie. You are the spitting image of your mother,” Joy said, she had tears in her eyes. As did Sally. Mark had an expression I couldn’t read. I didn’t know if he was upset or angry, or a mix between the two.
“This is Finlay, my mate,” I told them.
“Hello,” Finlay said. They all greeted him and there was a pause, 
“I have so many things I want to know, but I don’t know what to ask first,” Joy said and smiled.
“Let’s start with what my parents have told you,” I suggested. It turned out, my parents had been tight lipped. I did the last ten years. No details. Sometimes Finlay jumped in when he thought I skipped important parts or didn’t put enough emphasis on things. It helped me relax, as he made it feel like our usual banter.
a short
recap
“You spent four years with humans, green bean?” uncle Jonas asked. He looked a little pale at the thought.
“I did. They were really kind. Well, most of them. There is always a bad apple or two,” I told him.
“We appreciate you getting her out of that place, Alpha Finlay,” uncle Mark said with a serious face. 
“I knew there was no other way,” Finlay told him. I had noticed when he addressed the former Alpha, he was colder than with the
others.
“I can see why the two of you are mated,” Sally said with a giggle. Both Finlay and I grinned at her comment.
“It was lucky that she agreed to mate with me. Our pack would have rebelled if I had tried to introduce another Luna,” Finlay told them and gave me a kiss on my cheek. I giggled, but then I saw the look on everyone else’s faces and the mirth vanished right out of me.
1/2
of 
Chapter 102-1
What’s wrong?” I asked. Finlay noticed my changed mood and looked back at the screen as well.
Nothing,” Joy told me. “It’s not something worth talking about. We re here to talk about you.” 
“Mom?” I asked.
“The mood in the pack has taken a turn for the worse the past week Word has spread about what happened at the Game and there are those who think James let the pack down, again, for losing you a second time. His own mood hasn’t made things better,” Mark
told us.
Chapter Comments 
1 
POST COMMENT NOW
L
SHARE
212
Game of Destiny 
Chapter 102-2 
“Cindy made a move on him and ended up in the cells,” Jonas said in a low voice.
“I’m sorry,” I told them. Part of me felt it was my fault.
‘Don’t feel guilty, Red. This is not on you,‘ Finlay mindlinked me. He was right and I tried to take comfort in that…
“You don’t need to apologise,” Mark told me.
“You certainly don’t,” my dad agreed. The two of them shared a look. There was an underlying hostility between them I had never seen before.
“This is James‘ doing and he has to sort it out. I’m sure he will, it will just take a little time for him to heal,” Joy said.
“Is it okay if I ask a question?” Jonas asked. I smiled and didn’t tell him he already had asked one. 
“Sure.”
“Why did you leave? I’m not accusing you, or saying it was the wrong thing to do. I just want to understand,” he asked. I
moment to think about what to say, how honest I should be.
“You don’t owe them an explanation if you don’t want to tell them, inlay reminded me. I was grateful to have him on my I did want to tell them.
side, 
but
“That night I heard you, uncle Mark, and dad arguing in his study. Then I heard mom and aunt Jane at odds with each other. Even Elder was arguing with James. I felt it was all my fault. If I had been stronger none of it would have happened. So, I thought the only thing to do to save all of your friendships was to remove the piece that caused it all. Me. That’s why I left. Today I would have handled it differently, but I was young and in pain.” I could feel a faint echo of my feelings as I sat down to write my goodbye letter. It wasn’t as painful as it once had been. Now I knew my decision had led me to Finlay and to my new pack.
“I’m sorry. You were never meant to hear that,” Mark told me. I nodded.
“I know you didn’t intend to hurt me,” I said. I felt Finlay tightening his hold around me. Was that why he had been so standoffish towards uncle Mark? Because Finlay saw what Mark had said as betraying me? He was so sweet it was hard for me to see his more
fierce side.
“I didn’t. I was trying to protect my son, but I can see how the outcome was different from my intention.” I knew it was hard for former Alpha like Mark to admit he had made mistakes.
a 
“It’s all water under the bridge, uncle. If I hadn’t left, I wouldn’t have ended up working at the diner and then Finlay would never have seen me when he stopped for lunch and I would never have met him. That would be a far bigger tragedy,” I explained. My mom smiled and nodded. My dad looked proud, as did Finlay. He took my hand and kissed it.
“It would have been the biggest tragedy of them all,” he agreed. He was doing a good job at making me swoon.
“We hope the close relationship between me and all of you, along with my family, will enable us to build an alliance in the future. We also know James will need some time, so, we will leave the door open for when you feel the time is right,” I said.
“Even after what he did on the last day of the Game?” Mark asked, they all looked surprised.
“Well, I won’t lie. It did upset me, and my temper did run away a little.” Finlay chuckled at my statement and I shot him a look, which only made my dad start to chuckle as well. “But, we can overlook it. The Game has a way to get under your skin and there was a lot happening. We don’t expect miracles overnight.”
1/2
Chapter 102-2 
“We don’t hold any grudges, Finlay clarified. The people on screen Hodded. We talked a little longer, but I realised I had far less to say to my aunts and uncles than I had expected. Sad as it was, I had et go of those relationships and even though I enjoyed seeing them, they weren’t as important as they once had been. When we hung up 1 sighed and relaxed back against Finlay. He engulfed me
in his arms.
“Was it a good conversation?” he asked.
“It was. I feel like I get to tie up a lot of loose ends, which feels good. It also helps me see who is important to me.”
“And who is that?” he asked as he nuzzled my neck.
“You. Our made up family with the top tiers and your aunt and Ramses. The pack. My family. Your mother.” I counted them out.
“My mother?” he asked.
“Yes.” I ran my fingers through his hair as he rested his head agains my shoulder.
“I can live with that. It was a good list.”
Chapter Comments 
1
POST COMMENT NOW
###Battle of Fate 103
Chapter 103-1 
“The Winter peak pack has reached out and suggests we meet and discuss a possible alliance,” Jake told us as we settled down around our new, round conference table. We had been home for almost two months and fequests like it had become common.
“Isn’t that the pack with the warrior who hurt you?” I asked Amic.
“It is, but we like them. Remember?” she told me. I grunted. I didn’t exactly agree. Amie rolled her eyes and the rest smiled.
“He hurt you,” I pointed out.
“He did, and he was really sweet about it afterwards. You liked his Alpha. Don’t even try to say you didn’t,” she told me. I had, he seemed like a reasonable Alpha. I had even liked the warrior who has hurt Amie. He had been apologetic, and Amie had gone out of her way to be annoying in the game. Still, it went against all my wolves instincts to accept an alliance with someone who had hurt my mate. “Dial down the Alpha grumpiness,” Amie told me and kissed my nose. In front of everyone. It was hard keeping up a facade of dignity with a mate like her, especially since I couldn’t help but to grin like a schoolboy when she did it. “Please set up a meeting. Both Finn and I will attend,” she told Jake.
“We will?” I asked.
“Just agree, Alpha. We all know you will end up agreeing,” Sam told me. He wasn’t wrong, but
Mana be nice to
for
pretend. In the end I really didn’t care. Amie was right, the Winter Peak pack was a
good cand times 
ally. Did I sometimes
would never
wish I could make sure Amie never left the pack land and only hung out with pack members? Yes. I also knew happen. Amie was far too good at being a Luna for her to accept something like that. Besides, I had just got back to using my private parts for fun things, I wasn’t interested in losing them when my lovely mate got wind of my plan.
“We need to plan it carefully,” I agreed. I got a soft kiss from Amie as a reward and I felt good about the trade off. We concluded the
mandatory meeting with Jake promising to let us know what he and the Winter Peak Beta decided. Then it was time for the standing around and cooing at the pups. Both Rose and Martina were happy with being in the playpen we had set up. The latest news was they both were now turning around on their own and it was impossible not to be captivated by the two cute pups doing their best to roll around and stuffing their mouth with their own hands and feet.
“They are adorable,” Amie said.
“I agree, until Martina starts imitating a banshee at two in the morning, and then again at four,” Sam agreed. He didn’t fool anyone with that happy grin on his face. His daughter had him wrapped around her little finger.
AND B
a
“I think Cade seriously considered moving in with Jon’s family when Rose was at her peak of keeping us up,” Shelly said and giggled. I was looking forward to having a puppy with Amie, one with red hair and green eyes and a temper which would make thunderstorm stop in its track, but I was in no rush. We were enjoying being newly mated and it was hard enough making time for us with the pack to run. As we all stood cooing and awing at the little pups, my aunt mindlinked me and Amie and asked to talk to us. Amie looked at me, we both knew it had to be serious. We excused ourselves and I took Amie’s hand as we walked to my aunt’s
apartment in the pack house.
“What’s wrong?” Amie asked as soon as the door opened. My aunt gave her a smile, but it looked tired.
“Come in and sit down. I have made tea,” she told us. We sat down at her small kitchen table as she poured the tea. She took a sip from her cup and exhaled. “I haven’t heard from your mother since we got back,” she told me.
“Is that unusual?” I asked. I had no idea how often my mother and my aunt spoke to each other.
1/2
###Battle of Fate 104
Chapter 104-1 
We had been in the car for hours. We were heading for a meeting with the Winter Peak pack. As both Finlay and I knew they were good wolves. We had agreed to arrange a social gathering with them Each pack would bring around twenty wolves. There would be BBQ and time for the packs to get to know each other while we and their top tier discussed a formal alliance. We had made sure as like these were rare and far between. It seemed to make the most sense to take full advantage of it. Sam had ed when he was told to stay on pack land. It was sweet how seriously he took being my bodyguard. But we had persuaded him Ramses was almost as good. Finlay had even let Ramses drive, as long as we didn’t take Beula. 1 suspected it had a lot to do with the act it allowed him to sit in the backseat with me.
many as possible of the pack members we brought along were unmated. Occasion
“Any strategy when we get there?” Ramses asked.
“No. They are a friendly pack. Just relax and try to have some fun,” said.
“And keep an eye on your Luna,” Finlay added. I rolled my eyes, secretly enjoying his stubborn protectiveness. LouAnn, who was sitting next to Ramses, giggled. The pack didn’t seem to mind when Finlay and I got overly sweet with each other. Which was lucky.
“Yeah, I have got that memo. Sam may have told me a couple of times, or a hundred,” Ramses said, pretending to sigh heavily. We all laughed.
When we arrived at our destination, a smaller campsite we had booked for two days, the Winter Peak pack had already arrived and was setting up their tents. It felt amazing to get out of the car and stretch. Alpha Jonas and his Beta, Remy, came walking.
“Nice to see you again, Alpha Finlay, Luna Amie. And congratulations on your mating,” the Alpha said and shook out hands.
“Thank you, and thank you for agreeing to this meeting so soon after the Game,” I said.
“Oh it’s good for the pack to have an opportunity to mingle with others,” Beta Remy said. I nodded.
“We tried to bring as many unmated members as we could. One can only hope,” Finlay told them. They both smiled.
“Let’s hope the goddess smiles upon us,” their Alpha agreed. We started getting our tents ready. There was a traditional way of placing them when meeting with other packs. A round opening was left in the middle with room for a fire pit and the tents were arranged around it, ours on one half and theirs on the other half. Both packs helped with digging and lining the firepit and got it started. I smiled as I saw the excitement on everyone’s faces and food started to appear. Some were pre–made, some needed to be cooked over the fire. Finlay guided me to sit on one of the logs by the fire with him next to me. Alpha Jonas and Luna Beatrice joined us. The Alpha introduced us to his mate. She was just as nice as he was and soon she and I were talking like we had know each other for years. 
“Our youngest daughter Kayla was so happy she was allowed to come this time,” the Luna told me. “She was desperate to go with the pack to the Game, but we didn’t think it was a good place for her”
“I can understand that, even for the supporting members it can be trying. How old is she?” I asked.
“Twenty. I’m happy we put our foot down, but I’m also happy she gets to come to events like these. It’s good for her to meet other packs and learn to accept different customs. And it doesn’t look like she will find her mate in our pack,” Luna Beatrice said.
“Then this is a good opportunity for her.” 
“It is, but it’s a little scary for a mother. I have been spoiled as her older sister’s mate was a member of our pack and I got to keep her close. My son’s mate is from another pack, but since he is the Alpha heir, they settled down in our pack. But with Kayla, I don’t know. That girl is adventurous.” I smiled at the worried mother.
“I get it. At least it’s easy to keep in touch these days. My parents live across the country, but we FaceTime as often as we can. It’s not the same as seeing them in person, but it helps us keep in touch I told her. She nodded.
Game of Destiny
Chapter 104-2 
“True, and if she meets her mate at an event like this we are almost certain to be on good footing with their pack so it wouldn’t be an issue visiting.” I nodded. We switched topics and she asked about how I was settling into my role. It was nice being able to talk 
to another Luna,
1a, we shared some funny stories and traded experiences being mated to Alphas. A while later, Finlay placed a kiss on my cheek.
‘You look like you are having fun,‘ he mindlinked me.
‘I am having fun. You looked relaxed as well,‘ I answered.
‘Yeah, they’re a good pack. I don’t see us leaving without a new ally, he said. I nodded and took a moment to look around. The two packs had started to intermingle and I smiled as I saw how they stood around the food, talking and helping each other.
“It’s you!” I heard a female voice exclaim.
“Mate!” a male one replied. I knew that voice. My smile grew big as both Finlay and I stood up and walked in the direction of the voices. We were joined by Alpha Jonas and Luna Beatrice. On the other side of the fire, Ramses stood looking at a cute woman with total adoration. She was looking back at him like she couldn’t believe her eyes. The wolves around them had backed away, giving the two of them space. Finlay put his arm around my shoulders and pulled me into him. I could feel his happiness for our friend. Ramses woke up from his daze and began walking towards his mate, she did the same and they met in the middle.
“I am Ramses, my home is in the Blue Mountain pack,” Ramses said and reached for her.
“I’m Kayla from the Winter Peak pack,” she said and placed her hand in his. I made the connection and looked at the Alpha couple next to me. They were both smiling and Luna Beatrice had tears in her eyes. They looked to be happy tears.
‘That’s the Alpha couple’s daughter,‘ I mindlinked Finlay. He looked down at me in surprise and then looked at the couple next to
me.
‘Do you think it will be an issue?‘ he asked.
‘I don’t think so, but I think we might have to part ways with Ramses. I don’t know if Kayla would be willing to switch packs.‘
‘That is always a risk,‘ he agreed. We looked at the new couple and I couldn’t help but smile again. Even if we did lose him, I was happy for Ramses. He deserved to find his true mate and be happy. After standing and looking into each other’s eyes for a while, the two of them walked off, hand in hand. Everyone would leave them until they were ready to come back.
“They were more collected than us,‘ Finlay pointed out. I blushed as remembered our claiming in the woods and elbowed him in the side.
‘Don’t make me think about it in the middle of a crowd of werewolf with excellent smell,‘ I told him. He chuckled and kissed my heated cheek…
“Congratulations,” Finlay said to the Alpha couple next to us. “Ramses is an amazing wolf, he will make your daughter happy.” Both parents smiled at us. 
“I saw him in action during the Game. I’m pleased to welcome him to the family,” Alpha Jonas said.
“If the goddess saw it fit to match him with Kayla, he has to be special. She can be a handful,” Luna Beatrice said and giggled. I liked how easily they accepted Ramses without even meeting him. It made me even more convinced we were doing the right thing to have this pack as an ally. As the couple had gone and there was nothing left to see, the packs resumed what they had been doing. I could hear the exciting discussions. If one couple could meet their true mate, so could others. It gave them all hope.
This was one of our best ideas ever,‘ I told Finlay as we returned to our place by the fire. 
1 agree.”
###Battle of Fate 105
Chapter 105-1 
Alpha Jonas and I were deep in discussion regarding the alliance wo both wanted. Their pack was in the top twenty packs, and more intportantly they shared many of our moral beliefs.
‘Honey,‘ Amie mindlinked me to get my attention. I looked at her and saw her look in the opposite direction. I looked the same way and smirked as I saw Ramses and his new mate come walking. Both were sporting a new mate mark. They had been gone for a couple of hours and looked happy as they walked up to us. Ramses d a relaxed, soft smile on his face I had never seen on him before. It made him look younger and I liked it. Kalya had a determined look on her face.
“Mom, dad. Alpha Finlay and Luna Amie, Ramses and I have decided what we want to do. I’m going to be moving to the Blue Mountain pack. I love our pack, but I need a change and Ramses has built a house that is waiting for us. I know we will be happy wherever we are so that is what we will do,” she told us. Her parents were smiling.
“That is nice, bug, but it’s custom to ask the Alpha of the pack you are moving to if that’s okay,” her father told her and chuckled.
“Oh shit. I’m sorry Alpha Finlay, Luna Amie. May I please join your pack?” Kalya asked and turned towards us. I liked her. Amie looked at me and we both laughed.
“We would be happy to have you,” I told her. “Ramses why don’t you go back with the Winter Peak pack and help your mate pack and get ready to leave. We will make sure the two of you get back home when it’s time. We can spare you for a week or two,” I 
added..
“Lappreciate it, Alpha. If it’s okay with you Alpha Jonas?” Ramses said.
“You are family, it’s just Jonas. And it sounds like a great idea. That way our family can say goodbye without feeling rushed.” The couple walked away to get some food.
“Thank you for letting him come back with us,” Luna Beatrice said.
“I still remember having to let Amie go for two weeks while she got her business in order before joining the pack. It was torture and
we weren’t even mated,” I told her.
“I have been told he was a menace to the pack,” Amie added with a giggle. Luna Beatrice giggled as well. The two had fast become friends. Alpha Jonas and I exchanged an amused look.
“I’ll be right back,” I told Amie and kissed her cheek. “Don’t go anywhere,” I added, just to be sure.
“Okay,” she agreed. I walked over to the food as I had seen them bring out the chocolate puddings. It was one of Amie’s favourite desserts, and I would make sure she got one of them. Alpha Jonas joined me a moment later and was plating fresh cut fruits in a bowl. I added cut up banana and whipped cream to Amie’s bowl.
“It never changes,” Alpha Jonas said.
“What?” I asked. He smiled at me and looked down on the bowl in my hand.
mon been
“The need to make sure they are happy. Bea and I have been mated for twenty–eight years and I still have the instant need to make sure she has what I know she likes. I see a bowl of cut fruit and I will get a bowl of it for her with vanilla ice cream and caramel sauce. I don’t care what I’m doing, I will pause it and make sure she has a bowl of it. It’s the same with anything I know she likes. I know she likes teddy bears. I have built an extra room in our house for her collection as I buy her one when I find one I know she doesn’t have,” he explained. I chuckled.
“Yeah. I figured it wouldn’t go away. I have been the same since we met,” I confessed as I grabbed a cup of coffee for myself.
“Just wait until the first pup. I’m amazed I survived that period of our lives. It was a close call a couple of times. Pregnancy hormones and Alpha productiveness in overdrive is not a good combination,” he told me and laughed. He also grabbed a coffee and
we both 
walked back to
our 
###Battle of Fate 106
C
“Chocolat pudding with banana? Thank you,” Amle said as I handed her the bowl. Her bright smile and the happy look in her eyes as she took a spoonful of it, was the reward I needed. I placed a kiss on her hair as I sat down next to her.
“Any time,” I said. Next to Amie, Luna Beatrice seemed just as happy with her fruit and ice cream. It was nice to sit and look into the fire and enjoy the evening. I let my thoughts wander. When we were ready to start trying for a pup it might be good for me to get some advice on how to handle my need to protect Amie. It was song as it was, add a pup to it and I could see myself going slightly overboard. Fortunately I had Sam and Jake, and I could ask Amie’s dad as well. He had survived two pregnancies with her mom, he had to have some good information.
‘What are you thinking about? You are smiling from ear to ear,‘ Ami asked in our private link.
‘The future, it looks good,‘ I told her. She hummed and offered me a spoon full of her treat. I accepted it even though I knew I wouldn’t like it. I wouldn’t turn down when she offered me. I must have made a face because Amie giggled.
“Just say ‘no thank you‘ if you don’t like it,” she said.
“I like it. Kind of,” I ed. She looked at me. “It’s the banana. It’s too sweet and sticky,” I confessed. Both Luna Beatrice and
Alpha Jonas laughed. Amie just shook her head and offered me a new scoop, this time without bananas. It was much tastier.
“Thank you, sweetheart,” I told her.
As we got ready to head home two days later, we could confirm the trip had been successful. There had been four new matings. Three of the couples had decided to settle down in our pack while LouAnn had decided to move to Winter Peak pack to be with her mate. All of them had solved the move the same way as Ramses and his mate. It meant three of our pack mates would be going with the Winter Peak pack and we would get to host LouAnn’s mate for a couple of weeks. We also had a signed alliance with Winter Peak pack. We were more than happy about it and looked forward to working with them in the future. I offered to drive back to let the newly mated take the back seat. Amie sat next to me and looked relaxed and happy. She made some small talk with the two in the back, but mostly left them to themselves. When we finally passed onto our pack land, I enjoyed the feeling of being back.
“Finn, honey, is there something you forgot to tell me?” Amie asked as we got to the village. I thought about it as we parked outside the pack house.
“No, don’t think so,” I said.
“So the fact they are building an extension to our house was not something you thought I should know?” she asked, sounding more amused than angry.
“Oh. Yeah, it might have slipped my mind. I asked them to start while we were away so we wouldn’t have to live with the house in a mess for too long,” I admitted. I felt sheepish about forgetting to tell her. Amie laughed and kissed me as we got out of the car.
“Thank you. Have you picked out the wallpapers and floor as well?” she asked. I may be forgetful from time to time, but I wasn’t
suicidal.
“No, I will leave that up to you since it’s your office. And if you want to change anything else while you are at it, feel free to do so,”
I said.
“I like our house as it is. But we might need to repaint the living room after they made space for a new door. And thank you for letting me design my office, I have never done something like that. will be fun.” I smiled and nodded. It was one more thing that was falling into place in our new life. I was enjoying watching how our life together was changing things around us, making physical changes that served as evidence for the new way of life.
###Battle of Fate 107
I was sound asleep, comfortably tucked in halfway underneath Finlay as usual when my phone woke me up. Nothing good ever came from being woken up in the middle of the night by a phone call. I reached for it and knew Finlay was just as awake and worried as 1
was. 
“Hello?” I answered without even looking at who was calling.
“Luna Amie, we can’t stay here any longer,” someone whispered on the other end. It took my brain a moment to recognise the voice.
“Bridget, are you in danger?” I asked Martin’s sister. Finlay raised an eyebrow.
“No, we are safe for now. But we can’t stay. My mom and dad agree with me for once,” she continued to whisper. It had to be bad if she was making a call in the middle of the night.
“You are always welcome here if you need somewhere safe to stay. Can you get here?” 
“Yeah, I think we can get out unnoticed. Thank you, Luna.”
“Of course. Keep safe and let me know when you are safe and when we can expect you,” I told her. She promised to be in touch and we ended the call.
“Something is seriously wrong in my old pack,” Finlay said. I nodded
“We will have to ask what happened when they get here. You should call the council and tell them we have four wolves seeking shelter from your old pack. I don’t want your brother proclaiming them rogue when he discovers they are gone,” I told him. Finlay nodded. If the wolves were made rogue by the council, we needed either the council’s or their former pack’s approval to make them part of our pack. A wolf that was turned rogue also became a different creature. It was like they started to decay from within the moment they turned rogue. I didn’t want that to happen to Martin’s family. Even if the status was revoked and they joined the werewolf society again, the damage could not be reversed.
“I will call them at once,” Finlay promised and reached for his phone
“I’ll make sure Martin’s house is ready for them.” No one had moved into Martin’s old house. There hadn’t been a need for it. We had maintained it and planned to use it for a guest house. Now it seemed only right to have his family stay there. I mindlinked some pack members and asked them to make sure it was up for the task and fill the fridge with some basic food items. While I listened to Finlay explain the situation to whomever he was talking to, I looked at my phone. Willing it to call so I would know they were safe. Finlay ended his call and pulled me into his lap as he sat with his back against the headboard.
“They won’t make them rogue without listening to their story if my brother asks,” he told me.
“Thank you,” I said and kissed him on his jaw.
“It’s only fair.”
“Should we wake up Matilda?” I asked.
“No, let her sleep. We can let her know when we know what is happening. It’s no use making her worry when we don’t know what we are dealing with.” I nodded and snuggled up to him, still holding my phone. “Get some sleep, Red. You won’t miss the call,” he told me.
“It’s fine. I’m awake and enjoying a snuggle,” I told him as I felt my eyelids getting heavier with each heartbeat. He hummed gently and massaged my neck with one hand. I drifted off to sleep before I could stop it.
Again I woke up from my phone ringing. I answered straight away.
“Bridget?”
“Yes, Luma. We made it out and it doesn’t look like we were followed We will be in your area early tomorrow morning,” she told me. I gave her the name of the human town I had lived in and asked heo call when they were three hours away from it.
“They are safe.” I told Finlay. 1 said it more for myself because I needed to hear it, than for letting him know. He would have overheard the conversation.
“Good. Time for bed. I think we need to reconsider my previous statement and tell the pack tomorrow about our guests.” We got comfortable in bed and I got as close to Finlay as I could. This whole thing was worrying me. Something was seriously wrong and it made me uncomfortable that I didn’t know what was happening or how it would affect us.
###Battle of Fate 108
The next morning we called a pack meeting and explained to the pack what we knew, which wasn’t much.
“We ask that those who still have family and friends in Ocean Shore don’t reach out all at once. From what we know they won’t be able to talk about what is happening and we don’t want to alert the top tier that we know something is amiss. I know we all are worried and want more information, but we also need to protect those who might be in danger. Both those who have left and those who are still in the pack,” Finlay told everyone. It was a lot to ask, but it was important,
“We have to be patient and wait until Martin’s family arrives. If they are comfortable with telling us what happened, we will get more information then. If they don’t tell us, we will figure out a way to get information that keeps both this pack and those we care about in Ocean Shore safe,” I added. Everyone agreed and we promised to keep them updated before ending the meeting.
“Did they give any hint about what had happened?” Matilda asked us after.
“No,” I said, shaking my head.
“I don’t like this.” I gave her a hug.
“Neither do I,” I told her. The rest of the day I had a restlessness which grew in me by the hour. No news was good news, I repeated to myself over and over.
“Okay, time to go for a run,” Finlay told me after lunch.
“A run?” 
“Red, I can feel how restless you are and I’m no better. Let’s take a run to get rid of the pent up energy. Or we can lock ourselves in the house for a couple of hours,” he told me. I giggled.
“I like both suggestions, but as we have handymen in the house, maybe it’s better to go for a run,” I said. He laughed and took me out to run as wolves in the forest. When we felt exhausted, we returned and tried to work. The call came in the middle of dinner.
They were getting close to the meeting place.
“I will take Sam and Jake,” Finlay said.
“And me,” I insisted. He gave me a look, but I wouldn’t back down from this. “It’s Bridget and I who have had the communication. If I let the three of you go, I’m not sure it will work out.”
“I’m not going to pick a fight with them,” Finlay said.
“I know, Finn. I know you are a good alpha. But Kyle will be on edge. He has left his pack to protect his family and he will be suspicious as to why we are accepting them into our pack. If we are unlucky, his energy will trigger you and Sam and you will show him your grumpy side. I think that side is adorable, but others don’t see it like that.”
“Adorable?”
“Sure. It’s like watching a toddler having a tantrum. Irritating, but adorable.” 
“I… I don’t know what to say to that, I feel like I should be deeply insulted, but then I find myself happy you aren’t afraid of me even when I’m in a bad mood,” he told me. I smil
at him and kissed him.
“Just accept it and know I will never be afraid of you. Now let’s get ready to leave. We don’t want to keep them waiting.”
“I haven’t agreed to let you go,” he pointed out as I got up.
“It’s cute that you think you have a say in it,” I told him. I could hear Sam and Jake laughing as they stood up and followed us.
“I need to figure out how to win an argument with you,” Finlay mutered as he got the car keys. When he got back I gave him another kiss, as a consolation prize.
###Battle of Fate 109
The next morning we called a pack meeting and explained to the pack what we knew, which wasn’t much.
“We ask that those who still have family and friends in Ocean Shore don’t reach out all at once. From what we know they won’t be able to talk about what is happening and we don’t want to alert the top tier that we know something is amiss. I know we all are worried and want more information, but we also need to protect those who might be in danger. Both those who have left and those who are still in the pack,” Finlay told everyone. It was a lot to ask, but it was important,
“We have to be patient and wait until Martin’s family arrives. If they are comfortable with telling us what happened, we will get more information then. If they don’t tell us, we will figure out a way to get information that keeps both this pack and those we care about in Ocean Shore safe,” I added. Everyone agreed and we promised to keep them updated before ending the meeting.
“Did they give any hint about what had happened?” Matilda asked us after.
“No,” I said, shaking my head.
“I don’t like this.” I gave her a hug.
“Neither do I,” I told her. The rest of the day I had a restlessness which grew in me by the hour. No news was good news, I repeated to myself over and over.
“Okay, time to go for a run,” Finlay told me after lunch.
“A run?” 
“Red, I can feel how restless you are and I’m no better. Let’s take a run to get rid of the pent up energy. Or we can lock ourselves in the house for a couple of hours,” he told me. I giggled.
“I like both suggestions, but as we have handymen in the house, maybe it’s better to go for a run,” I said. He laughed and took me out to run as wolves in the forest. When we felt exhausted, we returned and tried to work. The call came in the middle of dinner.
They were getting close to the meeting place.
“I will take Sam and Jake,” Finlay said.
“And me,” I insisted. He gave me a look, but I wouldn’t back down from this. “It’s Bridget and I who have had the communication. If I let the three of you go, I’m not sure it will work out.”
“I’m not going to pick a fight with them,” Finlay said.
“I know, Finn. I know you are a good alpha. But Kyle will be on edge. He has left his pack to protect his family and he will be suspicious as to why we are accepting them into our pack. If we are unlucky, his energy will trigger you and Sam and you will show him your grumpy side. I think that side is adorable, but others don’t see it like that.”
“Adorable?”
“Sure. It’s like watching a toddler having a tantrum. Irritating, but adorable.” 
“I… I don’t know what to say to that, I feel like I should be deeply insulted, but then I find myself happy you aren’t afraid of me even when I’m in a bad mood,” he told me. I smil
at him and kissed him.
“Just accept it and know I will never be afraid of you. Now let’s get ready to leave. We don’t want to keep them waiting.”
“I haven’t agreed to let you go,” he pointed out as I got up.
“It’s cute that you think you have a say in it,” I told him. I could hear Sam and Jake laughing as they stood up and followed us.
“I need to figure out how to win an argument with you,” Finlay mutered as he got the car keys. When he got back I gave him another kiss, as a consolation prize.
###Battle of Fate 110
Sam parked the car outside my old workplace, It felt strange to be back at the diner after so many years. Last time 1 was back was for CeCe’s wedding. I still kept in touch with her and Jessie from time to time. Finlay put his hand on my neck and massaged it.
Are you okay?‘ he mindlinked me.
I’m fine. The last time I was here, it was with Martin. It seems right in a way,‘ I told him. He placed a kiss on my hair.
‘I was insanely jealous of him because he got to take you to the wedding. And at the same time grateful because I knew he would keep you safe, he confessed.
‘He knew back then about us. I think he found it frustrating to watch us dance around each other. I miss him.
‘So do I. We will make sure his family is safe,‘ Finlay said. I nodded. We waited for twenty minutes before a black truck parked behind us. We all got out and I found myself in the middle of a protective triangle. It was sweet, but unnecessary in my opinion. I smiled at Bridget and got a tired smile back.
“It’s nice to see you,” I told her and pushed past Finlay who was in a staring contest with Kyle. Sam tried to stop me, sidestepped his hand and gave Bridget a hug.
but I
“The same to you, Luna. This is my mother, Betty and my father, Roll” she introduced me. I shook both their hands while ignoring the rest of the males. When I saw no way around it any longer, I turned around and looked at the four of them, watching each
other.
“I hope the ride didn’t tire you out, Kyle,” I said.
“No, Luna. My father in mating and I took turns. Thank you for your concern,” he said, with a quick look my way. Finlay, Sam and Jake were just as bad. I sighed and walked up to my mate. How he thought the three of them could have handled this alone, was beyond me. “We appreciate your offer for a safe haven, but what will it cost us?” Kyle then asked.
“Honey!” Bridget exclaimed, looking mortified.
“It’s okay, Bridget. We didn’t take offence, right Finn?” I said, nudging Finlay in the side.
“Right,” he said in his grumpiest voice. “We won’t ask for anything in return,” he added.
“Not even information?” Martin’s father asked. I could see where they were coming from.
“We would be grateful if you let us know if Tamara is in danger, but we won’t demand it or any other information. You can share what you are comfortable sharing,” I told them.
“You may need to give more information to the council. I have talked to them and they won’t accept my brother’s possible request to turn you rogue before you give them your side of things. But we can arrange for you to have such a meeting in private,” Finlay added, Kyle’s eyes grew bigger.
“You have already talked to the council?” he asked.
“My Luna thought it would be for the best. She is brilliant. It’s always a good idea to take these things seriously before they become an issue,” Finlay said.
“Thank you, both of you,” Kyle told us and bent his neck.
“We appreciate it,” Rolf agreed.
“We are happy to do it. You have had a long journey and we still have a bit to go. I suggest we go inside and order some coffee and something to eat before we head home,” I suggested. Everyone nodded. We headed inside, Finlay had his arm around me as we found a table big enough for all of us.
This takes me back, Finlay mindlinked me. 1 smiled. The waitress who served us was new to me. It wasn’t strange, as it had been years since i was here last. We were halfway done with our plates of pie when the bell over the door rang and as I looked up I sav Mrs Jones and her sister walk in. They headed straight for our table, fetting me know someone had called them to let them know I was in town.
“Amie!” Mrs Jones greeted me. I stood up and gave both her and Mrs Andersen a hug. 
“Hi. It’s nice to see you,” I said.
“It has been so long. CeCe keeps us updated, of course,” Mrs Jones said. I laughed. I did a short introduction.
“And you remember my m… husband, Finlay,” I ended it with and Finlay stood up and extended his hand.
###Battle of Fate 111
“Husband?!” Mrs Jones asked and they both hugged him. “CeCe has been holding out on us.” I had to laugh at Finlays surprised look.
“Don’t blame her. It is a recent development. We were away on… vacation and it was a spur of the moment kind of thing,” I explained.
“Back in my days, we weren’t so slow. The two of you have been heading for the chapel for years. The poor man even took hot coffee to his private parts to get your attention,” Mis Jones reminded me.
“It was worth it,” Finlay told her and gave me a demure kiss. The tw women giggled like teenagers.
“Are you staying in town?” Mrs Andersen asked.
“No. We just stopped to refill on our way home. We couldn’t just pass by,” I told her.
“That’s right, you always were a smart girl. We will let you eat in peace, but it was lovely seeing you again.” I got another round of hugs before the two women left. We finished our pies and coffee and started our drive back home. Martin’s family was following us. 
“It went better than expected,” Sam said.
“Because the three of you weren’t alone,” I pointed out.
“I have to agree with the Luna. I thought I would have a calm mind, but I was drawn into the mistrust,” Jake said.
“I agree as well. As usual our Luna makes us proud. I still think it was an unnecessary risk,” Finlay told us. It made us all laugh. I used the time in the car to catch up on some sleep. Martin’s family were safe and I was in the back seat snuggled up to Finlay. I had no problem taking a nap. He awoke me with a kiss.
“We are almost home,‘ he told me in our link. I yawned and stretched. I looked out of the window at the landscape which was changing into fall colours. The familiar ease came over me as we passed over the border and I smiled as I saw a large part of the pack waiting for us as we parked outside the pack house. Sometimes I forgot how many of our members used to be members of the Ocean Shore pack. They were now greeting the newcomers as the long lost friends they were.
“We have made Martin’s house available to you. No one has lived there since he passed away. There is food and other necessities
inside. If you need something, please let us know,” I told them as we walked the short distance to the house.
“Thank you, Luna. This will be great,” Bridget said.
“If you prefer, you are welcome to have your meals at the pack house” I added. They all nodded.
“You are free to move around, come and go as you please. We place no restrictions on you,” Finlay told them.
“Thank you,” Kyle said, he looked relieved.
“You know how to get in touch with us. We are usually close to the pack house if you want to talk in person. Take some time to get settled and maybe catch up with some old friends,” I told them before handing them the key to the house. “It feels nice. We did the right thing,” Ttold Finlay as we walked back home.
I think so too. It’s a nice way of honouring Martin,” he agreed. We stayed out in the garden for a while. I did some weeding, and Finlay took a seat on the garden bench and read through some reports. Fall was coming fast and only some root vegetables and cabbages remained to be harvested.
‘How about we eat at home tomorrow?” I asked.
Chapter 107-2 
“Sure, he said and put down his iPad. “I can help you with that,” he told me as he watched me dig up some potatoes. I let him do it and smiled at his proud smile when he presented a bucket full of potoes to me.
“Thank you,” I said and gave him a kiss. My phone dinged and I read the message from Bridget. “They have talked amongst themselves and she is wondering if we have time to talk with them tomorrow,” I told Finlay.
“We can meet with them after breakfast, no need to drag it out,” he said. I nodded and texted her back.
“I told her it would be just you and me. We will inform the others if we need to. I just don’t want to make them feel uncomfortable.” He nodded and kissed me. 
###Battle of Fate 112
The following morning, after breakfast, Finlay and I walked over to Martin’s old house. Ils mother opened the door and smiled at 
US. 
“Please come in, Alpha and Luna, The others are in the kitchen,” she said. We joined the rest of the family around the kitchen table. They all looked serious, but relaxed.
“First of all, I want to apologise if we came off as rude yesterday, Someone pointed out to me that my cautiousness may have made me sound ungrateful. I want to assure you that is not the case,” Kyle started and glanced at his mate, Bridget gave him a proud
smile.
“Not necessary. You are trying to keep your family safe and at the same time honouring the vows you have given. It’s a sign of a good character,” Finlay told him. It was my turn to send a proud smile at my mate.
“Thank you for understanding. We have been talking and although pains all of us, we reached the conclusion the Alpha’s vow to protect us, his pack, has been broken and therefore we are no longer bound by the vows we gave him. With that being said, we are still not comfortable to share all the pack’s secrets with you, but we will share what is happening in the pack/which made us leave,” Kyle said. Both Finlay and I nodded.
“Your mother is well, Alpha. As well as anyone can be during the circumstances, she isn’t in any danger,” Bridget said.
“Thank you,” I told her.
“It isn’t a secret the pack has been struggling since the split,” Kyle said. “The warriors haven’t been happy. They were promised an easy life for themselves and their families as long as they stayed strong and could protect the pack. They kept their end of the bargain, but Alpha Ryan couldn’t keep his. The lack of non–warriors meant all labour in the pack needed to be done by warriors and their mates. Even warriors who didn’t buy into the whole ‘big and strong‘ idea, such as myself, became unhappy. I have watched Brii take on more than her share of tasks because she doesn’t let her pride get in the way of what needs to be done. We both feel strongly that in a pack you should work for the best of the pack. If that means scrubbing a toilet or cooking food, that is what you do.” He paused to collect his thoughts.
“Not everyone felt the same. A lot of the warriors‘ mates felt they were above such tasks,” Bridget told us. 
“Yes, which put more work on those who were willing to do it. In the end everyone was unhappy. We haven’t been able to recruit new members from outside the pack and after the disaster ranking in the games, the pack lost what little hope was left. Alpha Ryan could feel the shift in the pack. He became paranoid and enforced strict rules about who could go where and what they could do. All in an effort to keep the warriors from rebelling,” Kyle explained. Both Finlay and I nodded, this much we already knew.
“Three days ago there was a summons to a pack meeting. Alpha Ryan told all of us he had a plan for the future. A way to show other packs we were still a strong, healthy pack and at the same time lay the foundation for a better future,” Bridget explained. Then she stopped and looked upset. Kyle put his arm around her.
“The Alpha told us we needed to grow the pack by having more pups He banned all forms of contraceptives, he told us it was mandatory for mated couples to track the cycle of the woman to increase the chances of her becoming pregnant. For unmated wolves, women would report when they were at the peak of fertility and the top tier would pair her with a suitable male for the period,” Kyle told us. The look on his face told me how disgusting he found the idea. I was right there with him.
“That is horrible. It reduces women to pup producers,” I said. Finlay but his arm around me, protecting me even though the threat
wasn’t to me. 
“Yes. I’m not opposed to having pups. In a good and stable pack. But with this I don’t have a say in if I want to have pups or not. I have to agree or be branded a traitor and made rogue,” Bridget agreed.
“We needed to get out of the pack. I’m too old to be included, but for Bridget’s sake. I can’t have my daughter go through Something like that, and…” Betty said, but she couldn’t continue.
###Battle of Fate 113
C 
And after the meeting, all the available men of age were put on on the list, Rolf told us.
“But you are mated,” Finlay said, the ion clear in his voice.
of who could be matched with an unmated woman. I was put 
“I am, but Betty is too old to have new pups. The Alpha expected me to step up for the pack. The more the better. I have always been loyal to the pack. Alpha Finlay, you know how deep my loyalty oes. I turned my back on my only son out of that loyalty. But to… to… No! I could never. Not even at the threat of being made toe,” Rolf exclaimed. Both Finlay and Kyle gave one firm nod. They agreed wholeheartedly. “We, no, I should have listened to you and Martin. We should have left with you,” Rolf added.
“We should have. I knew the ideal the Alpha was pushing wasn’t go for the pack, but it didn’t affect me so I stayed,” Kyle agreed.
“Hindsight is twenty, twenty,” I told them.
“I’m guessing we will see more pack members leaving and needing shelter?” Finlay asked.
“If they can get out,” Kyle agreed.
“How difficult is it to leave?” I wanted to know.
“Difficult. The Alpha’s closest men patrol the border with the rest of the warriors. Anyone who is seen outside their house without a good reason is escorted back to their house. If you get caught outside more than once without reason, you will get a talking to by the top tier. No one has been foolish enough to see what happens if you continue to defy the orders,” Kyle explained.
“That sounds concerning,” Finlay said.
‘We need to think this through,‘ I mindlinked him.
‘Yes. Let us call for a top tier meeting when we are done here,‘ he answered.
“Could we ask you to keep this information to yourself for now?” he asked out loud.
“It’s not that we are trying to hide the information from the pack. We are just trying to manage how this is spread and avoid a panic which would put the ones remaining in your pack to be unsafe I explained.
“We appreciate you trying to keep them safe. We will not talk about it until you let us know we are free to do so,” Bridget said. We
I didn’t stay for long after that. On our way back to the pack house, we mindlinked the others and we all met up in our meeting
room, now sporting a round table. Finlay looked as pleased as ever when he pulled out the chair that was mine. I was seated between Finlay and Sam. Something they both approved of and something Medow and Shelly found hilarious.
“It seems we have an issue on our hands. We need to figure out if its something we should get involved in, or if we should take a step back from it,” Finlay told everyone. We then explained what we had been told and as we talked everyone looked horrified.
“That is… I don’t even have words for it,” Jake said. He was holding Shelly’s hand tightly.
“How on earth can someone even think that is a good way to solve anything?” Sam asked as he looked down at the two pups who were taking a nap.
We need to help them,” Medow insisted.
“How?” Finlay asked. “Do we want to do a takeover?
“No,” I said before anyone else had the chance. “I’m all for helping, ut we know hostile takeovers are always risky. Say what you
1/2
Chapter 108-2 
want about your brother’s pack, but they are strong and highly train. Even under the best of circumstances we will see heavy losses on both sides. I don’t want to do that unless there is no other way.” 
“I agree, Shelly said and Medow nodded.
“I think we should offer help to those who want and need it, but not interfere with the pack,” Jake said.
sheltering some who might want to leave. Not everyone 
“Maybe we can check with some of our allies if they would be open might feel comfortable coming to us, with the history between our cks,” Sam said.
“That’s a good idea,” I agreed.
“I think we will inform the council as well. They should know there a good chance of a large number of wolves relocating,” Finlay thought out loud.
“Yes, and we shouldn’t let the pack know of this until we have both those things in place. They will want to make sure their loved ones are safe. It’s better if we can tell them how their families and friends can seek safety,” I suggested.
“Yes, it’s not an easy decision, but I think it’s the right one,” Medow said. We all agreed.
“Can the four of you reach out to our allies? Red and I will talk to the council,” Finlay said. Everyone nodded and we split up to get
###Battle of Fate 114
“Alpha Finlay, Lama Amie, it’s always nice to see you, but we seem to be talking quite regularly of late,” the head of the council greeted us as we logged on to the online meeting..
“Unfortunately it’s true. No good news this time either,” Finlay told him. We told the council about what we had learnt.
“It’s troublesome news if they are true,” the head of the council stated when we were done. “Do you want us to intervene?” he 
asked.
“No. We know the law. Each pack has the right to govern themselves as they please. We only want you to be aware of the situation and maybe help us organise if we see a large amount of wolves fleeing,” I told him. There were a lot of nodding heads from the council.
“It’s in times like these we wish we had more to say in the packs. Freedom always comes with the price of less control. All we can do is hope they will come to their senses. Or are you going to take action to solve the situation?” one of the members asked.
“No. We don’t see the need for direct actions, for now,” Finlay told her. Again there was nodding on the screen. 
“We will help in anyway we can. If you receive information about refugees, please let us know,” the head of the council told us. We said goodbye and ended the call. Finlay sunk back in his chair.
“What the fuck is he thinking?!” he exclaimed. I knew it wasn’t a question he wanted an answer to, I had felt his frustration grow throughout the day. “Is he fucking insane? Forcing people to have pups? Like that will solve his issues. Even if he floods his pack with pups, it will be years before they can start pulling their weight. Before then they will just mean more work and less sleep. A brilliant thing if your pack is already overworked! I mean, this is the plan of a true genius. To think I’m related to him.” He sighed deeply and rubbed his face. “Sorry,” he said in a calmer voice. I got up and stood behind his chair. I placed a gentle kiss on his head
and rubbed his shoulders.
“It’s okay. Get it all out. Better you do it here with me then in the middle of dinner,” I told him. He grunted and I felt him relax
under my hands. 
“Honestly though, it’s embarrassing to call him my brother.”
“I can see why. We don’t choose our relatives. Luckily we do get to choose our family and you have made some good choices,” I told him. He picked up one of my hands and tugged it forward so he could place a kiss on it and then returned it back to his shoulder.
“I have,” he agreed.
“I say we get some food in our system, get a report from the others where we are with the allies and then call my brother,” I said.
“Your brother?”
“I don’t think James would accept our call. Elder will listen and talk to him and James will do what is right.”
“You sound sure of it,” Finlay pointed out.
“Tam. He may be an idiot and an exceptionally bad mate, but he is a good Alpha. And my brother is a brilliant Beta, it runs in the family. He will make sure James makes the right decision,” I told him and kissed his head again.
This is why you are a good Luna. You let everyone solve the things they can and when you see something which needs to be solved but people struggle with it, you come in like a bulldozer. Making sure everyone knows they can get in line or end up flattened. I love it. Very sexy,” he chuckled.
“That sounds terrible,” I said.
1/2
Chapter 109-1 
It’s not. It’s amazing. Come on, time to feed you,” he told me and get up. He took my hand, placed a kiss on its palm and then kissed me. “Thank you. I needed to get it off my chest, and I needed to find some peace.”
“Anytime, honey,” I told him and we hended to see if we could get an early dinner, all thoughts about cooking at home were gone. Matilda had two plates waiting for us. 
“I had a feeling the two of you wouldn’t have time to eat with the pack today,” she said.
“Thank you,” I told her and we retreated back to our office to eat in peace and then asked the others to join us in the meeting
###Battle of Fate 115
“Everyone I have talked to is willing to offer up space in their pack, Sam told us. The others said the same.
“Everyone is horrified when we tell them what is happening in the ean Shore pack,” Medow said.
“No one wants to believe it,” Shelly agreed.
“The council will help us organise the work of giving people a safe place to go to. We have one more call to make and then we will talk to the pack,” Finlay said. When we were alone again I took out my phone and called my brother. I put it on speaker.
“Hi Amie, how are things?” Elder answered.
“Hi. You know me, always in the middle of something. I have Finn with me.”
“Hello,” Finlay said.
“Hi. I get the feeling this isn’t a social call,” Elder told us.
“No, you are right,” I confessed and told him what was happening. When I was done there was a long pause.
“Are you serious?” my brother asked.
“I am.” 
“I will talk to James, but I can’t see us refusing to help. Not in a case like this,” he told me.
“Thank you,” Finlay said.
“Are we looking into some sort of preventive action?” Elder asked. Finlay chuckled.
“That was a nice way of asking if I intend to take over my brother’s pack. No, not at this moment.”
“Good to know. I will get back to you as soon as I talk to my Alpha, m heading over to meet him as we speak.”
“Thank you, Elder. Take care and say hi to everyone from us,” I said and we ended the call.
“I was looking forward to a dramafree winter,” Finlay told me.
“We will get there,” I promised him. It didn’t take my brother more than ten minutes to message me back saying they would accept anyone who needed a safe place to stay. I smiled at the message. Even if packs may have differences and be at odds with each other, when it really mattered, we put it to the side to make sure we took care of those who needed it.
“Time to tell the pack,” Finlay told me. I nodded. When we told the pack there were a lot of worried faces looking back at us.
“We and other packs are ready to shelter any wolves who need it. There is a list of packs who are willing to help that is being sent to everyone as we speak along with contact information for each of them. When you speak with your loved ones, please let them know they will have a place to go if they leave. The council will also help. Just remind them they are not alone,” I told the pack. We ended the meeting, but stayed to let members come up and talk to us.
“I will reach out to your mother,” Matilda told Finlay. 
“Thank you. I would call, but I think she is more likely to answer your call than mine,” he said. Matilda gave him a sad smile, but didn’t . I put my arm around him to make sure he didn’t feel alone.
1/2 
Chapter 109-2 
It’s okay, sweetheart, he min@linked me..
‘I know. We continued to talk to other members, most of them had someone they left behind in the old pack. A couple of hours later, my mom called me.
“We heard what is going on. How are things?” she asked. We
Te sling on the back porch, relaxing.
“It’s a little tense. We still have a lot of connections to Ocean Shore I said.
“I can understand that. The Alpha has told our pack we will offer anyone who wishes a place with us,” she told me.
“We appreciate it. We are far away from the pack and not everyone will feel comfortable seeking shelter with us due to the history between the packs.” 
“Yes, I can see how it would give some pause. I’m happy James put his hurt feelings to the side for the greater good. He is a good Alpha when he’s not being a stubborn mule,” my mother said. I smiled.
“He is. It’s his redeeming quality,” I agreed. Finlay huffed and pulled me closer. My mom heard it and laughed. 
“You are sure you are doing okay in all of this?” she asked.
“We are doing fine. We take solace and support in each other,” I said.
“As you should. I will let you get back to your evening. I just wanted to check up on both of you. Give my love to your mate and remember to call,” she said.
“I will. Give dad a hug from me.” 
###Battle of Fate 116
‘Don’t open your eyes‘ Finlay mindlinked me as I woke up.
‘Why?‘ I asked.
‘Just don’t.‘ I scented the air and heard him sigh. ‘You could just leave it alone.‘
“Snow!” I exclaimed and sat up in bed.
“Why, Red?” Finlay said with a sigh. “It’s Sunday and for the first time in months we don’t have anything planned. Can’t you just come back to bed?”
“Back to bed? Are you crazy? Have you seen the snow?” I asked as I stood at the window and looked out. It must have been snowing most of the night as the landscape was white.
“I haven’t, but I can smell it. What I am seeing is my naked mate standing in front of the window. I would much rather have you back in bed than let the entire pack see you,” he told me.
“Oh come on. It’s the first snow! And since we don’t have anything planned, you can come with us,” I told him.
“Do we need to get going now? Can’t we spend a couple of hours in bed first?” 
“No we can’t. We will waste precious time. We need to get down to the kitchen to pack lunch before meeting with the pups. When we get back we can take a long hot shower. We can have all the fun we want then,” I told him, still looking out the window. I felt his arms surround me and his body heat felt nice against my back.
“Should I be worried that you are more excited to play with pups in the snow than to stay in bed with me?” he asked and kissed my mate mark. A shiver ran through my body that had nothing to do with the cold.
“I would think us having fun until three in the morning would have been enough to show you how much I enjoy our fun times,” I told him. I felt his chest vibrate from laughter.
“One would think so, but I’m greedy,” he told me. I turned around in his arms and looked up at him.
“I don’t have a problem with you being greedy, but you did promise me to follow me around and do whatever I wanted to do,” I said and did my best to give him puppy dog eyes. He sighed and placed a hand over my eyes.
“Those should be counted as lethal weapons. You are right. I will get dressed and let you drag me out into the snow,” he told me and kissed me.
“You won’t regret it.”
We both made sure to get the lunch ready and Finlay took the backpack. The pups stood inside the front door to the pack house, waiting.
“Cade, Jon, aren’t you getting too old for this?” I teased the two teenagers.
“Says the twenty–eight–year–old Luna,” Finlay told me and everyone laughed. We headed for the woods, towards our sledding hill. The hours spent in the snow with the pups were as fun as they always were. Even Finlay relaxed and enjoyed sledding and building snowmen. When I sneaked off to change into my wolf, he joined me and together we ambushed the pups and spent an hour playing tags. 
“This has been the best snow day ever!” Cadence said as we were walking home.
“You say that every year,” Jon told him and laughed.
“It’s true. Every year is the best,” Cadence insisted.
He is right. It has been an amazing day,‘ Finlay mindlinked me.
‘I’m forgiven for dragging you out of bed?‘ I asked.
‘You are, but I will still hold you to the hot shower.‘ I wouldn’t objec to that.
###Battle of Fate 117
Hours later I was snuggled up on the couch in front of the fireplace had a cup of tea in my hands and listened to Finlay working in the kitchen. He had insisted he would make dinner. I was tempted to join him and have a look at how he was doing, but I wouldn’t do it. To distract myself, I called my mom.
“Armeria, how nice of you to call. How are things?” my mom answered her phone.
“Things are good here, things are finally settling down. We had the first snow last night so we have been out most of the day, playing with the pups in the snow,” I told her. Her laughter was warm and genuine.
“I am so pleased both of my pups have chosen to keep that tradition alive,” she cheerfully told me.
“It’s the best tradition. How are things on your end?” I asked.
“We are fine. The group from Ocean Shore is settling in nicely. They are good wolves and have been through a lot.” She paused and looked unsure.
“It’s okay mom, just tell me,” I told her.
“I think James has taken a liking to one of the women. She is a timid thing, but who can blame her. He has been hovering around her, I don’t think they are true mates, but there is something brewing,” she told me. I smiled.
“I’m happy to hear it. It will be good for him to let go of the past, and maybe he will become more open to start talks between our
packs,” I said My mom smiled back at me.
“You are acting very mature about all of this,” my mom pointed out.
“I don’t know if I am. I have Finn, he is the love of my life and we have an amazing life together. I see no reason why I would be petty and not want James to find happiness. Especially since it will make it more probable he will grant you the permission to come and visit,” I told her. “I’m just being selfish.”
“Speaking of that mate of yours. How is he doing?” she asked.
“He is doing fine. It did him good to spend the day out in the snow. He needs to be allowed to be care free once in a while.” She hummed in agreement.
“I’ll tell you a secret. I started the snow day tradition for your dad’s sake. He was always working, always dealing with pack issues, and even though I knew he loved it and was good at it he needed a break every now and then. Before we had pups it was always hard to get him to agree to it. You know how he is, he will do anything for anyone else, but never for his own sake. Well, having pups made it easy to tell him he needed to take a break to spend time with you. I’m happy it serves the same purpose for your mate,” she told me. I looked at her for a moment and then I laughed.
“Does dad know?” I asked.
“Good heavens no,” she giggled.
“Finn is in the kitchen making dinner. He has been adamant he needs to get better at cooking. I don’t know why, but if it’s something he feels he needs to do I will support him. That is why I’m being a good mate and calling my mom instead of checking up on him despite the sounds coming from my kitchen,” I told her. She laughed.
“I approve of both of you leaving him to it and the distraction you used.” As if he had heard us talking about him, Finlay poked his head into the living room.
###Battle of Fate 118
“Eh, dinner might be half an hour later than planned,” he told me. I smiled at him, he looked a little tousled and had some kind of food stain on his cheek.
“That’s fine. Mom is keeping me company, so take as much time as you need,” I said.
“Melissa?” he asked and walked over to me so he could lean into the view of the camera. “Hi, Melissa, how are you?” he asked with a smile. My mother giggled.
“I’m fine thank you Finlay. I hear you are cooking for my daughter. approve. The only thing my mate knows how to cook is his special pasta dish, and I wouldn’t call it cooking,” she told him. I laughed.
“I’m doing my best.” he glanced towards the kitchen. “I think I need to get back to it. It was nice talking to you. Give Ron my best.” He kissed me and then set off for the kitchen.
“Oh my,” my mom said and laughed.
“He is adorable. I suspect my kitchen will need a deep cleaning after tonight, but I don’t mind.”
“He’s a good mate,” she agreed. “And it will be useful if he knows how to cook when you have a pup. Are there any plans for that?” she asked. I knew my mom. She was not putting pressure on me, she was just curious.
“We have talked about it. Things are unstable at the moment with the things happening around us, but neither one of us are against it. We are just not actively trying.”
“But you are actively having sex?” she asked.
“MOM!” I felt myself turning bright red in the face as mom chuckled
“Was that pumpkin I heard bellowing?” I heard my dad ask and then saw him coming into view.
“It was. She is fussing over me asking her about her and Finlay’s sex life,” my mom said. My dad turned visibly pale.
“Love you, pumpkin. Have a nice talk and say hi to Finlay from me, he quickly said and walked out of the room. My mom was giggling.
“Having fun?” I asked.
“So much! You should have seen the look on your brother’s face when I asked him when he was newly mated. I have never seen. someone shift through so many colours in so little time,” she told me, still giggling. I had to agree that it sounded amusing.
“You don’t have to worry about us, that is all I have to say on the subject,” I said.
“Good. Then I’m happy. Take your time with pups if that is what feels right for you. It’s nice to have time for each other.” We
continued talking about other things until Finlay came to tell me dinner was ready. He had set the table and served a large pot with a beef stew and homemade bread. I ignored the mess in the kitchen and kissed him.
“This looks and smells amazing. Thank you for cooking for me,” I told him. He smiled at me and kissed my nose.
“The bread is a little black on the sides and I think, I added a little too much chili in the stew,” he told me.
“You should have seen my first attempts at cooking. If you ask my mom about it the next time you talk to her, she will be happy to tell you about my best efforts,” I said. He laughed and pulled out my chair. He was right, the stew made me feel like a fire–breathing dragon, but it was still good and when we added some sour cream as a topping, it was delicious.
###Battle of Fate 119
The mood in the room was tense. Amie was sitting close to me, holding my hand in her lap and gently rubbing soothing circles with her thumb. I don’t know if it’s for her or my benefit, maybe for both of us. On the other side of Amie, Sam was sitting. He had insisted on joining. Jake was on my other side. On the big screen in front of us was James, Elder and the former Alpha.
“Little sister, Luna Amie, you look well,” Elder said and then smiled in my direction. “Alpha Finlay, it’s nice to see you again.” 
“Beta Elder, thank you for inviting us to this meeting,” Amie said. If hadn’t known her as well as I did, she would have sounded relaxed. But I did know her and the tension in her voice gnawed at my raw feelings about this meeting. According to Elder, James was now ready to let go of the past and move forward. Apparently he had taken a liking to another woman. That was all nice and dandy, but I still didn’t trust him. I wasn’t scared about him trying to woo Amie back. She would shut any shit like that down. I was scared he was still holding a grudge and would try to hurt her. As he didn’t have access to her, it would be emotional pain. If he tried, I would personally go all the way to his pack and end his miserable little life. For now, I was playing nice. This was important to Amie. She saw this as the only way to make sure she was able to see her parents again. I wouldn’t be the one standing in the way of that. Instead, I put on my best smile.
“It’s long overdue. Our packs share many values and we have strong ties of family and friendship between us the former Alpha said. “Wouldn’t you agree, son?” The question seemed to wake James from his state of deep thought.
“Yes. You are right. It would be beneficial for our packs to have an official tie. We saw it with how you organised everything to let members of Ocean Shore find safe heavens. We are always looking for allies like this,” James said. Amie squeezed my hand.
“I couldn’t agree more. I think both our packs would benefit from an alliance, and I know it would make Amie happy,” I agreed.
“It would,” she confirmed. We continued to talk about expectations and limitations. I relaxed the longer the meeting went on. It
seems like Elder was right.
“Mom told me two of your pack members are expecting pups. Congratulations,” Elder said as we were rounding off the meeting.
“Yes, Emile and Hudson are expecting their second pup in May. Ramses and Kyla just found out three days ago they are expecting. So we will have a spring and summer full of pups this year as well,” Amie said. I could see James’ eyes filling with something close to longing. I was going to give him the benefit of the doubt and say he was longing for a family in general and not eying my Luna. Just to be safe, I let go of Amies hand and put my arm around her shoulders.
“It’s a great blessing for the pack. I don’t know if we told you this, but the Beta’s and Gamma’s pups were actually born on the same day last year. It means we can have a big spring birthday party,” I proudly said.
“Really?” the former Alpha asked. “That sounds like one hell of a party. I remember when these three and Cindy were younger. Just a party for one of them was a big thing.” We all smiled. We talked for a while longer, I liked to give Amie some time to talk with her brother and uncle. James stayed mostly quiet if he wasn’t asked a direct question. I was hopeful our alliance would actually take place and that it would last.
“Thank you,” Amie said as we logged off the call. “All of you were on your best behavior and didn’t even growl once. I appreciate it.”
“Of course, sweetheart. We know how important this is for you,” I told her and placed a kiss on her temple. Both Sam and Jake
nodded.
“I think it looks promising,” Jake said. “If we put aside the issue with their Alpha, they are a good match for our pack and they seem as interested in having an alliance as we are.”
“It will sort itself out,” Sam agreed. Amie beamed at them.
###Battle of Fate 120
“Time for lunch,” I told everyone. We headed for the dining hall and were joined by Sam’s and Jake’s families. Mari was telling us about her latest app she was developing. She clearly took after her father and was always working on a new project of some sort. Jake and Amie were asking her questions and I enjoyed how ordinary it all felt. Sure, it was nice with a little drama once in a while, but we had too much of it lately. Ordinary was becoming a luxury item. My aunt joined our table. She looked relaxed and started a conversation with Shelly.
‘Something is up with Matilda,‘ Amie mindlinked me. ‘We should talk to her after lunch.‘ I looked at Amie and then at my aunt. I could see small signs of her being stressed which I had overlooked.
‘Good idea. Thanks for picking up on it, Red,‘ I answered and kisseder cheek. When everyone was done eating, I asked my aunt if she had time to talk to me and Amie. She sighed and nodded and we walked to our office.
“I didn’t want to say anything,” my aunt told us as we sat down. “It poked as if you were having a nice day and you deserve to have
those as well.”
“That is sweet of you Matilda. We have had a good morning and we enjoy those, but don’t feel like you are taking from us if you have an issue we need to know about,” Amie said.
“She is right. It was you who taught me to deal with my issues as soon as possible or they will grow bigger,” I reminded her. She laughed
“I’m happy some of the things I said stuck with you. And you are right. You should face issues head on. I talked to your mother this morning.” During the six months since we had left the Game, we hadn’t been able to reach my mother. Many from my old pack had fled to other packs. All of them had the same stories to share about how controlling the top tier had become and how obsessed my brother was about getting the women pregnant.
“How is she?” Amie asked.
“She says she is fine, and she sounded okay. I asked if she needed anything, but she told me she didn’t. When I mentioned what was happening she told me I was being dramatic and everyone was making a fuss over nothing. They had things under control, she told me, and your brother was doing well.”
“Do you think she is in denial, or wasn’t she able to speak freely?” Amie asked.
“I think she is in denial. It sounded like she turned a blind eye to the things happening in the pack and saw it as an inconvenience. It’s just how I interpreted our conversation,” my aunt said.
“At least she isn’t in any danger,” Amie offered. I nodded. I had stayed silent during the conversation. It was just difficult for me to understand anyone who could live in a pack like my old one, and not see what was happening. Not trying to do something, change things for the better. I was trying to understand how my mother had taken that approach. Did she love my brother so much she was willing to overlook anything he did?
“There is always that. I will get back to my afternoon. Thank you for reaching out to me,” my aunt said. Amie got up and gave her a hug before she left. As usual when we were alone and Amie knew I was upset, she made herself comfortable in my lap. It made me smile as I wrapped my arms around her and kissed her.
“It’s okay, I’m fine,“, I reassured her.
“Sure,” she agreed, but snuggled closer. I drew in a deep breath of her scent and let it and the feeling of Amie in my arms anchor
me. 
“I just can’t believe she doesn’t see anything wrong with how my brother is acting,” I said after a long silence.
“You are hurt because she was so quick to judge you.” 
1/2
Chapter
“Yes! I would say I have done a good job running this pack. I have ked good wolves to help me, the pack is thriving. Still, the first thing she did when we saw each other after eight years apart was to criticise me and question if I was fit to be an Alpha. My brother runs his pack into the ground, causing pack members to flee, and she sees no issues? I can’t understand it,” I unloaded on Amie, She sighed and started running her fingers through my hair.
“It doesn’t make sense, and you have every right to be angry. It’s no your fault, you didn’t do anything to make her feel this way, it’s all on her,” she told me and kissed my forehead.
“But why?”
“an’t see what an amazing Alpha and
“I don’t know love. I don’t think even your mother knows. Maybe it after years of seeing your attention. Maybe after losing her mate, she sees your brother as her last link to him, but that is pure speculation. The important
father give your brother more
thing is; you can’t do anything about it. Please don’t put it on your shoulders. If she extraordinary wolf and mate you are, then that is her loss. The pack sees it, my family sees it, and I have always seen it. I see you, Finn.” She took my breath away with her words. It wasn’t just what he said, it was the way she held my eyes with hers. Letting me see she meant every word she told me.
“I know you do. Thank you, Armeria.” It was rare that I used her full name, but it felt right in the moment.
###Battle of Fate 121
“Put on a nice dress and wait for the Alpha to come and get you,” Shelly told me.
“What? Why?” I asked. 
“It’s called a date. The Alpha tells me you two only have been on one of those. He is planning on taking you on number two today.”
“Oh. That’s nice. Why are you telling me this and not Finn?” I asked.
“Aren’t you just full of questions? He is busy doing all the planning and scheming. Just get ready.” I smiled and nodded. Something about this made me feel all giddy. I had never done the dating thing and I was looking forward to it.
‘Would the rust reed dress be good for a date?‘ I asked Medow in a mindlink. She knew my clothes better than me. 
‘No. Well, it would be, but you have used it a couple of times. Wear the turquoise with the red pattern,‘ she told me.
‘Thank you!‘ I showered and got dressed. I wondered if I needed a jacket or a cardigan. I decided the spring evening was warm enough to skip it. Then I waited. An hour later I heard the door opening and I hurried to meet Finlay. He was holding a picnic basket in one hand and a big colourful bouquet in the other.
“Wow. You look amazing!” he told me. Then he looked a little lost. “I didn’t think this through. I have no hands left,” he said. “Here. This is for you. I had to buy them this time,” he said and handed me the flowers. 
“Thank you. They are beautiful,” I told him as I accepted them. When Finlay had a free hand, he used it to pull me into him and kiss
me,
“Not nearly as beautiful as you are. I’m waiting for the day when you don’t steal my breath away when you enter a room, but you
still do,” he said. I blushed.
“You are being more perfect than usual,” I told him and let my free hand play with the locks of hair falling over his neck. It was
about time he cut his hair.
“It has been ten very eventful months. We haven’t had as much alone time as I would have wanted.”
“It comes with running a pack,” I said. “I don’t mind. I get to spend most of my days with you.” He hummed.
“But sometimes it’s nice to do something just the two of us,” he pointed out.
“It is,” I agreed. “And we have been getting some one on one time almost twice a day.” He chuckled.
“True, I’m very grateful about that. Now we will go on our second date. It will be a bit different,”
“Really? How so? You are making me curious,” I told him. He laughed and kissed me.
“I love how excited you are. It’s nothing fancy.”
“I don’t care. You have taken the time to plan something just for me. Fancy enough for me.”
“So. I have put together some food for us. My aunt helped me, but I did a lot of it on my own. I have also packed a change of clothing for myself. We will go outside. I will shift and you will climb on to my back and put on a blindfold. I will take you to where we are going.
“I’m going to ride on your back?” I asked. It wasn’t unusual for a wolf who mated with a human to carry them on their back during
runs. Or for a wolf to carry an injured friend on their back, but I had never done it.
It’s the easiest way to get you where we are going without you knowing where we are heading.” 
This sounds like so much fun,” I told him and gave him a long kiss. 
Enough of that, or we won’t leave the house,” he growled. I giggled
“Just let me put the flowers in some water. I really love them.” Soon we stood outside, me with the basket and a blindfold in hand. “Strip,” I happily told him. Finlay chuckled and stripped. Soon his blond wolf stood in front of me. “Are you sure you can carry me?” 
I asked. His wolf snorted.
‘Just get on my back, Red,‘ he mindlinked. I swung myself onto his back and tried to find the best place to sit. Then I put the blind fold on. Took a firm grip on Finlay’s fur and the basket.
###Battle of Fate 122
Cahpter 112-2 
“I’m ready,” I said. Finlay started walking at a slow pace. It was a strange sensation. Finlay’s soft fur caressed my legs and sent sparks over my skin. I gently swayed from his movement. In the beginning I knew where we were heading, but I soon lost my way. I could tell we had entered the forest, as I could hear the branches moving in the slight breeze and the animals. The air smelled of spring and new beginnings..
‘How are you doing?‘ Finlay asked.
“Wonderful. I really like this,” I told him.
‘My wolf is enjoying himself, as am I. Can I move a little faster?‘
“Go for it.” When he picked up speed, I needed to use my leg muscle to hold on. There was something thrilling in moving at a rapid speed without knowing where we were going. I trusted Finlay completely and knew that as long as I was with him, I was safe. After a while, we slowed down and finally we stopped.
‘Can you get down without removing the blindfold?‘ Finlay asked in our link.
“Sure.” I slid off him. A moment later I felt his gentle hands on top of mine.
“I’ll take the basket. Give me two minutes,” he said and kissed me. After what felt more like ten, he came back and took one of my hands in his. “Go ahead and remove the blindfold.” I did as he told me and my breath was lost. We were at the viewpoint looking out over the river and the mountains. The place Finlay had taken me when we had our first talk and then when I first shifted. Now the space was full of lanterns with lit candles, a blanket was on the ground and food containers stood on it. Finlay stood in front of me in a suit. “Surprise?” he asked.
“Very much a surprise. I love it, it’s perfect. Thank you, honey,” I told him and took a step forward so I could kiss him. He wrapped his arms around me as we slowly kissed, enjoying the moment to its fullest.
“There is one more thing,” Finlay said as we stopped kissing. He didn’t move away, or let go of my gaze. He took a small remote out of his pocket and pressed a button. Soft music started playing. I drew in a breath in surprise. “Will you dance with me?” he asked.
“Always,” I told him. His hold on me shifted slightly and he took my hand in his as he gently led me in a dance to the music. It was just as magical as the dancing at the formal dinner. We danced through the sun setting and when the moon and the lanterns were the only thing lighting up our special place, we sat down on the blanket to eat. We fed each other from the finger food. Finlay had quickly become skilled in the kitchen and the food tasted amazing.
“Are you excited about tomorrow?” he asked when we were full and had cleared space on the blanket for us to lie down and look at
the stars. We had turned most of the lanterns off and were enjoying the dark.
“I am. I can’t believe we are this close to finalising an alliance with my old pack. It has gone so much better than I ever could dream of,” I told him and interlocked our hands. I knew he had struggled at times to keep his temper in check when James had seemed to space out, getting a dreamy look on his face. Finlay had been amazing. He had just smiled at me and placed a kiss on my cheek or hair. It was enough to pull James out of his zoned out state. Fortunately those episodes had become more rare the longer the talks had gone on.
“I know. Tomorrow we will agree on the last couple of things and then we will set a date for the signing,” he said, turning his head to look at me.
“And my mom and dad will come to the signing and return back with us for a visit,” I said, all giddy at the thought.
“I’m so happy I will finally get to meet them. I promise we will make their stay memorable,” he told me. I smiled at him and kissed
him.
“I hope you are ready to be spoiled rotten by my mom. She has been looking forward to it since she first talked to you.” He laughed.
“I think I’m more worried about your dad,” he confessed.
“Don’t be. He likes you. He knows how good you are to me and thats all that matters to him. After all, I have always been a daddy’s girl.”
“I will try to remember that.”
“And don’t forget; you are a tough and fearless Alpha,” I told him.
“I don’t know if that extends to meeting your mate’s family.” I giggled. I knew he would be fine. My parents could see how much we loved each other and it was all they had ever wanted for me.
“How do you feel about the Alpha meeting? It’s only three months away,” I asked him.
“I’m not looking forward to meeting my brother. L–am looking forward to seeing all our new friends and seeing if we can make our ideas become reality.”
“I will be with you this time. I will have your back and protect you,”
promised him.
###Battle of Fate 123
Game of Destiny
Chapter 113-1 
I woke up feeling something was off. My brain was too sleepy to figure out what was off. It was still dark outside and Finlay was sound asleep with his arm slung over me. I smiled and tried to make my brain work. I scrunched my nose. Was there something new in the house that was throwing off my sense of smell? I took in a deep breath to identify what it was and froze.
“Finn,” I said and poked him in the side.
“Whu?” he asked.
“Finn. Wake up.”
“Sweetheart, love of my life, the star that guides me, it’s too early. Get back to sleep,” he mumbled. For a moment I considered letting him continue sleeping, but then I would just be awake waiting for him.
“Finlay you better wake up,” I told him a little sharper. He opened his eyes and looked at me.
“This isn’t about a quicky, is it?” he asked and wiggled his nose. His subconsciousness was already picking up on what I had
discovered.
“No. It sounds nice, but it isn’t why I woke you up at three in the morning,” I agreed. Then there was silence. He looked at me, I 
looked at him.
“So?” he asked.
“Has anything changed?” I asked.
“Did you get a haircut and I didn’t notice it? In that case, I’m sorry,” he told me. I giggled.
“Idiot! I wouldn’t wake you in the middle of the night for something like that.”
“Then wha…” He fell silent mid sentence. His eyes grew bigger and he scented the air. As his eyes grew even bigger, so did my smile. He threw his head back and howled. I put my hand over his mouth as I laughed.
“Love, the pack is sleeping,” I reminded him
“What are they sleeping for when we are having a pup!” he exclaimed behind my hand. He pulled my hand away and kissed me. He pulled me closer and pushed me onto my back. He placed kisses down my body until he got to my stomach. He looked at it and then looked up at me. “A pup,” he said as if he couldn’t believe it. I put my hand on his cheek and smiled at him.
“A pup,” I agreed. He placed gentle kisses all over my stomach and then came back up and kissed my lips.
“You just keep making me happier,” he told me.
“I think this is on both of us.” He laughed.
“I guess so. Wow. This is big. We will be a family of three.” I smiled as I listened to him. “We will need to get a nursery set up. We need to pup proof the house. What if they walk around and fall down the stairs!” He looked so worried I thought for a moment he would get out of bed to fix the issue at once.
“Love, I’m not due for around seven months and even then, it will be at least another seven months before the pup starts walking. We have time,” I pointed out and raked my fingers through his hair.
“Right,” he said with a little chuckle. “We will make a list and we will prioritise it, so we start with the most pressing things.” I giggled and kissed him.
It sounds like something we should do during the day.”
“Agreed. You should get back to sleep, I think you need more sleep when you are pregnant, and more food, I think.”
“Don’t get any ideas of me laying on the couch while you feed me all day long. Won’t happen. We both know Matilda will make sure
I eat appropriately. And I’m too excited to go back to sleep.” 
“Yes, my aunt will be my greatest ally for the next couple of months
“So, do you want to do what you thought I was waking you up to do I asked.
“What?” he thought for a moment and then grinned. “I think it’s a good way to work off some of the adrenaline,” he agreed.
As I was getting ready to head over to eat breakfast with the pack, Finlay hovered around me.
“I haven’t forgotten how to dress myself since yesterday,” I told him with a smile and kissed him.
“I know. Just making sure nothing goes wrong.” I giggled.
“Yes, the threat of exploding socks and strangulating bras needs to be taken more seriously,” I agreed, giggled some more, and kissed him again.
“When we walk into the dining room, you stay by my side,” he told me as we were leaving our house.
I binge read this!!! now I have to wait….
1
These men Let her? Sir you’re lucky she didn’t kick your ass for that one hope it’s twins they are having. Also it really would be nice if her ex found his mate so…
###Battle of Fate 124
Chapter 113-2 
“Finn, honey, we are going to have breakfast with our pack, we aren walking into enemy territory,” I pointed out.
“I know. I just want to have you and the pup close.” It was going to be a very long seven months, I thought as we walked into the dining hall. The shift in the mood was sudden. From the usual buzz chatter, the room fell completely silent and everyone turned to look at us.
“Another pup!” Medow called out and headed for me, I saw Finlay take Medow engulfed me in a tight hug and I felt Finlay’s panic spike for
step to intersept her, but I manoeuvred around him. second.
“Congratulation’s!” Jake said and shook Finlay’s hand. Soon we were surrounded by the pack, those who hadn’t planned on eating breakfast joined us as word spread in the pack. Even Martin’s family and the other two families who had sought shelter from the Ocean Shore pack came. Finlay did his best to stay by my side, keeping a firm arm around me. The women of the pack smiled at him and the men teased him mercilessly. Except for Ramses, he was in the same situation with his pregnant mate and nodded approvingly.
“What is all this fuss about?” we heard Matilda ask. She had been out on an errand and no one had mindlinked her. The pack parted so she could see us. Her eyes grew big as she scented the air and I saw tears form in her eyes. I rushed over to her and hugged her. “A pup?” she whispered as she hugged me tightly.
“A pup,” Finlay said as he walked up to us. He placed a hand on my back and one on his aunt’s shoulder.
“It was about time, I have been waiting for almost seven years for this,” she told me as she let go. She patted me on my cheek. “Now, let’s get you some breakfast,” she told me. I was guided to our usual table and Finlay sat on my one side, Sam on the other. When Matilda came back with my breakfast she just looked at Sam. He got up from his seat so she could sit down. Then he got a new chair and placed it between Matilda and Medow. Medow giggled
“It will be a funny seven months,” Shelly said, sounding pleased. After breakfast we all gathered in the top tier meeting room.
“We need to reorganise the meeting next week,” Finlay told us.
“Sure,” Sam said.
“Makes sense,” Jake agreed.
day per
“What?” I asked. “The only meeting I know about next week is the one where we will meet representatives from my old pack to sign the alliance between our packs.” 
“That’s the one,” Finlay happily said.
“What needs to be changed about it? We have been planning it for over three weeks.” 
“Since you aren’t going, we need to change the planning a little,” he told me.
“Oh boy,” Shelly said in a low voice.
“Amie,” Medow gently called out.
“Are you telling me I can’t go and meet my parents for the first time in almost eleven years?” I asked with a low growl.
“Did you just growl at me?” Finlay asked.
“Alpha, now is the time to backtrack. Fast and unconditionally,” Jake told him.
“You thought I wouldn’t mind skipping a meeting like that?” I asked
“It’s not like you won’t see them at all. You will just have to wait ul we bring them back,” he insisted.
“What about Elder, Becky and Armino?”
“Right. Maybe we ask them to come here when the pup is born?” Finlay suggested.
“I think you should listen to Jake, Alpha,” Sam said.
“Finn, I may love you. But get between me and seeing my family and you will see how nice it is to sleep in the car until this pup is born.” Again, I growled. Finlay looked at me like I had gone mad. Then he looked at Jake and Sam.
“You can’t seriously think I will let my pregnant mate travel half across the country to a meeting with the wolf who rejected her and then tried to win her back?” he asked the room.
“We will revise the drive. If we leave a day earlier we can schedule several stops along the way,” Jake said.
“We will make sure you and I are by her side at every moment,” Sam suggested.
“We will call my brother and let him know so he can tell James. It will be fine. I won’t budge on this, Finn.” 
“Fine, he surrendered. “But you won’t be alone. Not for a second. Eher Sam or I am at your side at all times. Preferably both.”
“Sure, sounds like a fair compromise,” I agreed.
“You think so?” he asked, sounding like a petulant child.
“I do, and I will let you go all over protective Alpha mate until we leave. As an extra bonus.” 
“The best thing you can do is to keep her happy,” Sam told Finlay.
“He is right. It’s more dangerous to both the Luna, and the pup, if she is upset and anxious, than it would be to let her come along under well organised circumstances,” Jake agreed.
“And to the pack,” Shelly added. Finlay sighed, placed a kiss on my cheek and nodded.
“I don’t want you to be upset,” he told me.
“Thank you. I love you.” 
“You say that now, but it didn’t sound like it two minutes ago,” he pointed out and then he chuckled, I got up from my chair and sat down in his lap to make sure he wasn’t too upset with me.
###Battle of Fate 125
We spent the rest of the morning changing the plan for how we would get to and from the meeting. There was a short break as Matilda insisted I needed a snack. After we were done and had lunch, Finlay and I settled down in our office. We were going to call my brother. Just because I insisted on going to the meeting didn’t mean I didn’t see the risks. It definitely didn’t mean I wouldn’t do anything I could to mitigate those risks. The new travel plan was one way of doing it. My brother was another, he would probably be the biggest mitigation of them all. We called him and he answered and I saw his smile.
“Little sister, Finlay. It’s nice to hear from you. I hope nothing has happened that has you calling unexpectedly this close to the meeting. We hadn’t planned this call, right? It has been a lot to do these past weeks, but I think I wouldn’t forget a call with the two of you,” he said. I smiled at him.
“You are right. It’s an unplanned meeting, but nothing bad has happened,” I reassured him.
“But we do have something we want to talk to you about,” Finlay added.
“Right, and what is that?” Elder asked.
“Before we come to that, I need you to swear on your life that what we tell you in this
call, you won’t repeat to mom and dad,” I demanded.
“Um, why?”
“You will understand when I tell you. But you must swear first. Not even under the threat of mom never cooking her special chili ever again,” I insisted. His eyes grew bigger.
“That is a tall order, sis.”
“It’s a big secret. I promise you won’t have to keep it for long.” He hesitated for a moment. “I’m just going to say purple dress.” Elder’s eyes grew even bigger if that was possible.
“This must be one juicy secret. Fuck, now I’m curious. Have I told you I hate you?” Elder muttered.
“Not today.”
1/3
Chapter 114-1
“Well, I do. But I will swear not to not tell our parents what you are telling me, not even if it means I will never eat mom’s chilli again,” he told me. I smiled and looked up at Finlay. He smiled back and kissed me.
“I think it’s safe to tell him,” my mate said. I turned to face the phone again.
“We are going to have a pup,” I said. Elder just looked back at us and blinked, for a long time.
“A pup?” he finally asked.
“Yes,” Finlay said.
“My baby sister is having a pup?”
“How is this not registering?” I asked. Elder laughed.
“Congratulations! This is amazing news. I’m going to be an uncle. Mom is going to be ecstatic, and dad is going to lose his mind,” he told us, excitedly. “Wait. Why are you telling me this now? We will see each other next week. I get that you may be eager to share good news, but it could have waited.”
“I need you to do me a favour,” I said.
“Sure. I will do anything for you, you know that.”
“You are sweet. I need you to tell James before the meeting. This will sound extremely self–centred, and I know he has been seeing Carol, but I can’t have him doing something stupid out of surprise. Finn is having a hard time letting me come as it is. If James does something without thinking it through…”
“I will put an end to it without hesitation,” Finlay ended the sentence.
“Ah, yes. I didn’t think of it from that aspect. Smart move. I think it’s in all our best interests for James to have some time to get used to the idea before seeing you,” my brother agreed.
“I’m sorry to ask you to keep it a secret from our parents, but I want to be there in person when they find out. Feel free to tell Becky,” I said.
“No sweat. I can be good for a week. I’ll make sure James keeps quiet as well. I’m so
2/3
Chapter 114-1
happy for you Amie, and for you as well Finlay.”
“Thank you. We are over the moon,” Finlay told him and placed a hand on my stomach.
“And the pack must be happy as well?” Elder asked. I giggled.
“They are. I’m being spoiled rotten by everyone,” I told him.
“As you should be,” Finlay added.
“True,” Elder agreed. We talked for a little while longer and hung up.
“Feeling better?” I asked Finlay.
###Battle of Fate 126
“Yes. At least the likelihood of Alpha James walking away alive from the meeting has gone up,” he said. We stayed in the office and tried to get some paperwork done. When there was a knock on the door, Finlay asked them to come in with so much enthusiasm, I giggled. Matilda walked into the office with a big smile and a gift bag.
“I won’t take up much of your time. I just wanted to give you this,” she said and handed me the bag.
“Aunt Matilda, you didn’t need to get us something,” I ed.
“I know, but I wanted to.” I looked at Finlay. He was smiling and looking happy. I opened the bag and looked into it. I drew in a breath and reached for the item.
“Is this?” Lasked.
“The blanket I knitted during the Game, yes. I was hoping I would get to give it to you sooner rather than later,” she said and patted my cheek. Then she patted Finlay’s hand. “You did good,” she told him.
“Thank you. It’s lovely. It will look fantastic in the nursery,” I said as I gently brushed my hand over the soft blanket. The pale green, blue and pink stripes with the cream border had my mind going to how I would set up the nursery. I placed the blanket on my desk and stood up to give Matilda a long hug. “I’m so happy we got you,” I told her. She laughed in a soft voice. 
“I’m happy I have the two of you as my family as well. And soon there will be a little pup to add to it. I am happy to babysit whenever the two of you need some time for
yourselves.” 
“Thank you, aunt,” Finlay said.
“No need to thank me. Now I will leave you to your work.” She left and Finlay sighed heavily and poked the iPad with his finger. I knew he hated this part of being Alpha. It
was necessary, but we had made good progress. 
“I think I need a nap,” I told him.
“A nap?” he asked and looked up at me.
1/3
Chapter 114-2
“Yeah. We didn’t get a full night’s sleep and it has been a busy day. At dinner most of the pack will be there and we should make sure to stay and talk with everyone. So a nap sounds good,” I said.
“Then we go and take a nap,” he agreed and got up.
I hung up the call with my sister and Finlay with a big grin on my face. Amie was going to have a pup. The idea was both exhilarating and strange. I still remembered when she was a little pup. I wasn’t worried, Alpha Finlay was a good, strong mate. I knew he would keep both my sister and the pup safe and happy. I took a moment to let the news sink in and then I tried to school my face. If I walked around grinning like an idiot, my parents and Becky would know something was up. Becky most likely already knew as she would have felt the happiness through our bond. I had decided I would tell her if she asked about it. When I had calmed down, I walked the few feet from my office to James‘. His door was open and I saw Carol sitting in one of the visitor chairs, talking with James. I smiled. Carol was a good, kind wolf. I liked her and so did the pack. She was a little timid, but after what she had been through in her old pack, it felt natural. James seemed to be genuinely smitten with her and I did what I could to cheer him on. Both had a past which made them move slowly, which I thought was a good idea as they went for it. It would be a chosen mating. For those situations, it was always best if they took time to get to know each other. I knocked on the door frame and both looked at me.
“Sorry to disturb you, Alpha. I had something to talk to you about, but I can come back later,” I said. Carol got up from her chair.
“No, no. I will leave and let you get back to work,” she said. James nodded.
“I will come and pick you up and we can go to dinner together,” he said. She blushed and nodded before leaving. I closed the door behind her.
“Sorry, you could have told me to come back later,” I said to James.
“It’s fine. What did you need to talk about?”
“I just talked with Amie and Finlay,” I said. He nodded. These days, it was hard to see the pain in his eyes when Amie’s name was spoken. You had to know him well to notice it. I saw it as progress.
2/3
Chapter 114-2
“Is there an issue with the meeting?” he asked.
“No, not really. There is a new development we need to consider.” James raised an eyebrow. “Amie is pregnant.” I saw the shock roll over his face until he got himself together and hid it.
“Pregnant? So she won’t be coming to the signing?” he asked. He almost succeeded in making it sound like he didn’t care.
“Oh, my sister will come. We didn’t even discuss the possibility of her not coming. She is set on meeting Mino. With that said, we will have to be cautious around her. Alpha Finlay will be more protective than usual, so will the rest of their pack.”
“It was Amie who asked you to tell me beforehand, wasn’t it?” he asked.
“It was. She wants this meeting to be a success, we all do.”
“And giving me time to digest the news limits me from doing something rash and idiotic.”
“Yes. If you could keep the news to yourself, I would be grateful. My parents don’t know.
Amie wants them to find out when they see each other.”
“Sure,” James said, and a faint smile appeared. “It’s the least I can do. A pup. That is big. I guess that is the final nail in the coffin.”
“I would say so. I’m sorry,” I agreed.
“It’s fine. I actually think I’m getting over the whole ordeal. I think it will make me a
better mate when that day comes.” 
“I think so too. I think you have a good future in front of you.”
###Battle of Fate 127
The journey to the meeting place was interesting to say the least. Sam, Jake and Finlay all kept trying to feed me with snacks which Matilda had sent with us, or tried to make me drink water. We stopped at every rest stop we saw. How the warriors in the second and third car hadn’t lost their minds after the second hour was a testament to their loyalty to the pack.
“I promise we can skip this one,” I insisted as I saw the sign for another rest stop.
“Are you sure?” Sam asked, he was currently driving.
“I’m sure. It hasn’t been an hour since we last stopped. At this pace, we will be about two months late to the meeting.” I took a breath and reminded myself they did this because they cared about me and the pup. “You are all being really sweet, but this has been ongoing for three days.” 
“We made room for this in the travel plans,” Finlay reminded me. I knew we had, that is why it had taken three days.
“I know. But we are so close and I really, really want to meet my parents,” I told him. He smiled, nodded and kissed my hair.
“I understand, we will skip the stop and go straight for the meeting,” he said.
“I think I have never loved you more than in this moment,” I told him and relaxed against him. The three men in the car laughed. Three minutes later, as we passed the rest stop,
Sam chuckled.
“What?” Finlay asked.
“Both of the other cars mindlinked me, asking if something is wrong as we didn’t stop,”
Sam told us and there was another round of laughter. We were close to where the meeting
would take place, a rented log cabin in the middle of nowhere. My nerves were acting up and my wolf felt restless.
‘Is there anything I can do?‘ Finlay asked in a mindlink. I snuggled in closer to him and
he put his arms around me. 
“This is what I need,‘ I told him. We turned off the main road.
1/3
Chapter 115-1
“Remember, my family poses no threat to me or the pup. I will not have any of you growling at them when they hug me. Is that clear?” I told everyone in the car.
“Yes, Luna,” both Sam and Jake said.
“I will behave,” Finlay promised. I smiled and gave him a kiss.
“Seems like they beat us here,” Jake said as he saw the cars already parked outside the
cabin.
“I’m guessing they didn’t take three million pee breaks,” I pointed out, and Finlay chuckled. I was out of the car almost the second it stopped moving, Finlay was close behind me. I saw the group standing on the deck in front of the cabin. My mom and dad broke off from them and were hurriedly walking towards me. They stopped about halfway
to me.
“Amie! Are you…?” my mom asked, looking at me with big eyes and then switching focus
to look at Finlay.
“Yes, mom. We are having a pup,” I happily told her. She let out a mix between a shout and a sob and before I knew it she had me wrapped up in a tight hug. I hadn’t known how much I missed her hugs until that moment. Her warm, familiar hug and her scent which enveloped me had me teary–eyed in seconds, and I hugged her tightly back. I felt my dad draw both my mom and me into a tight hug and the mix of both their scents sent me back to my childhood and the feeling of being safe and loved washed over me.
“I’m so happy for you, pumpkin,” my dad told me in a low voice and kissed my hair. I could hear the crack in his voice. “And you as well, Finlay,” he added.
“Thank you. We are very happy,” Finlay said from behind me. I was proud of how calm he
was. 
“Let me have a look at you,” my mom said, pushing me to arm ‘s length distance. She had tears running down her face as she looked me up and down. “You look radiantly happy,”
she told me.
“I am,” I agreed and smiled through my own tears.
“Finlay, it’s nice to finally get to meet you,” she then said. Finlay smiled at her and reached out his hand. I saw his surprise when she, instead of shaking his hand, drew him
###Battle of Fate 128
“It’s nice to meet you as well, I have been looking forward to it,” he told her. My dad had his arm around my shoulders, watching my mom and Finlay as well. I leaned my head on
his shoulder.
“You have done good for yourself, pumpkin,” he told me. I just nodded. “Finlay,” he said and held out his hand when my mom finally let go of my mate.
“Ron,” Finlay said and shook my dad’s hand. Then he looked down at me and I saw how happy he was for me, mixed with a small part of worry.
“I’m fine,” I said. He opened his arm and I stepped away from my dad and let Finlay pull
me close to him.
“Sure you are,” he agreed.
“How long have you known?” my mom wanted to know.
“About a week,” I said.
“And you didn’t tell me?”
“I thought it would be more fun this way,” I confessed.
“I already knew,” Elder bragged as he came walking with Becky, holding a little boy on his
arm.
“What?!” Elder locked eyes with our mom and I sensed they were mindlinking. “Oh. Well, that was a good decision,” my mom relented.
“Congratulations to the both of you,” Becky told me. She looked genuinely happy.
“Thank you,” I told her. Both she and my brother kept a little distance between us. It was
sweet that they didn’t want to cause Finlay to worry.
“Mino, this is aunt Amie,” Elder said to his son. The boy looked at me with my brother’s
eyes and I gave him a huge smile.
“Hello there, Mino. I have been looking forward to meeting you,” I said with a huge smile
1/3
Chapter 115-2
as I took a couple of steps towards him. I reached my hand forward and after waiting a moment, he took my hand in his little one and we shook. Mino seemed to get a case of shyness after that and hid in his dad’s neck. I didn’t mind. I was just happy to see him, and my wolf added his scent to her memory. Becky gave me a hug. “Was the journey okay?” I asked her.
“Yeah, I’m happy it wasn’t as long as the one to the Games. How about you? I’m impressed Finlay even let you come.” There were chuckles coming from my pack members.
“Let’s say we have made a tour of all the rest stops between here and the pack land,” I told her and giggled.
“Amie, congratulations. We are so happy for you.” I looked over to the group of people on the deck and saw uncle Mark standing there with Joy. I had been too focused on my parents, I hadn’t looked at the rest of the group.
“Thank you, uncle Mark,” I said and felt Finlay put his arm around my waist and pull me tight to him. I knew he didn’t fully trust the former Alpha and I wasn’t going to . This trip was hard on him and I was perfectly fine with him being overprotective toward anyone who wasn’t family.
“Luna Amie, Alpha Finlay, congratulations. It is truly a blessing for the pack when the Alpha couple are expecting,” James said. Finlay pulled me even closer and I could feel how close he was to growling. I put my hand on top of his that rested on my hip.
“Alpha James, thank you. Sorry for keeping you waiting, Finn insisted we take regular breaks along the way,” I said.
“As he should,” James said. He sounded fine, neutral. I relaxed a little. There was a hint of something, maybe sorrow or regret, in his eyes, but he kept it contained.
“Let’s get you inside. The Alphas and Betas can discuss the fine prints and we can have some tea and talk,” my mom said. Inside, the cabin had an open floor plan on the first floor. To the left there was a kitchen and to the right a living area. My mom took me over to the couch with Becky and Mino close behind. Joy came walking with a woman I didn’t
know.
“Luna Amie, this is Carol,” Joy introduced us. I said hello to her and had to admit I was a little curious about her. There was a pause and everyone looked over my shoulder. I 
looked as well. While most of the men had either secured the perimeter or sat down at the kitchen table to talk about the agreement, Sam stood behind me.
“Oh, don’t mind him. Sam has always taken his Gamma duty as my bodyguard seriously. Now that I’m pregnant, I can’t seem to get him to stop hovering,” I told them with a laugh. Carol’s eyes moved to my stomach and then quickly moved to James.
Chapter Comments 
###Battle of Fate 129
My mom, Becky and joy all shared tips and their experience of being pregnant. It was helpful and a little scary. I was looking forward to having more talks like it with my mom during her and dad’s stay.
“I think Finn will ask dad about how not to piss me off,” I told them Everyone giggled.
“It’s a good idea,” mom said.
“Mark came close to losing his life, or his privates, a couple of times joy said. “Remember when I made him sleep in the pack house for a week?” she asked my mom. My mom laughed.
“I do. I remember he was being stubborn and not apologising. I told Ron to make him see sense or join him to sleep in the pack house,” she told us.
“It wasn’t ideal to have the Luna and the Beta mate pregnant at the same time,” Joy giggled.
‘Carol keeps giving you looks,‘ Sam mindlinked me.
‘Relax. As I understand it she and James are a thing. I’m guessing she has heard about our past. You know her better than I do, do you think she poses a danger?‘ I answered.
‘No, She isn’t aggressive. She has always been the shy type since she was a pup,‘ he told me.
‘Then just ignore it. At this point I think we all will be happy if James finds a mate.‘ My dad and Mark joined us. They brought refreshments with them.
“Amie, I made sure to bring some lemon squares for you
you,” Joy told me.
“That was sweet of you,” I said. I had loved them since I was a child and eagerly reached for one. The moment I bit into it I felt my body and the smell of lemon made my stomach turn, I froze.
‘Amie?‘ Sam mindlinked.
‘I’m okay,‘ I told him while I tried to force the soft cake down. I really didn’t want to offend Joy.
“You should give this a try Sam, they are divine,” I told him out loud and passed the lemon square to him.
“Um, sure. Thank you, Luna,” he said, taking it from me.
‘Just get it away from me, I can’t stand the smell,‘ I told him. Sam looked around for a moment, then he devoured the thing in one- gulp.
“Amazing,” he said. I giggled. When the smell wasn’t as close to me, didn’t feel as nauseous even if my stomach still ed to me forcing the bite down. Both my mom and Joy looked at me.
“You look a little green around the gills, Armeria. Are you sure you are okay?” my mom asked, taking my hand in hers: The sound of scraping chairs made us all turn around. Finlay, Elder and James had all stood up as one and Finlay and Elder were heading towards me. James looked as if he wanted to join them, but held back.
Red, is something wrong?‘ Finlay asked, as he touched my cheek and made me look at him. Joy, who side, moved to make room for him. All focus was on me.
was sitting next to me on one
“I’m fine,” I told him out loud and relaxed into him as he sat down next to me and placed his arm around me.
You mom is right, you don’t ook alright, he insisted in our link.
“I think the pup doesn’t like lemons. I got a serious case of nausea when I took a bite out of aunt Joy’s lemon squares. I usually love those, I told him, feeling disappointed to have to skip out on the pl on the table. It’s okay now. Sam got rid of it and your scent is calming me.
How did he get rid of it? Finlay wanted to know. I told him and he smiled. 
“Don’t let me hold up the signing. Get back to work,” I told him out oud and kissed his cheek. “That goes for you as well,” I said to my brother. They both returned to James and Jake to continue the discussions.
Chapter 116-2 
“Have another, Joy told me and reached the plate with lemon squares out to me.
“Thank you, but the lemon scent is making me feel a little off,” I confessed and she paled.
“I’m so sorry, I had no idea.”
“It’s okay. I didn’t know either. I guess the pup is starting to make its presence known,” I told her. “Carol, have you had one? They are amazing.” 
“They are,” Carol agreed. “I always enjoy them when she makes them for the full moon celebrations.” I nodded and Joy passed the plate to Carol. We talked about easy things, things which wouldn’t upset the renewed bond between us. They had greetings from pack members who wanted to say hi. I tried to include Carol in the conversation. She was a nice wolf and I could see her with James, they would be good together.
‘Sweetheart, we are ready to sign,‘ Finlay mindlinked me.
“Excuse me a moment,” I said and walked over to the kitchen table with Sam trailing behind me. Finlay reached out his hand and helped me down on his lap. I watched James as I got comfortable. He remained unbothered and I relaxed. Finlay handed me a copy of the final agreement and I read through it. It was a fair alliance agreement and I smiled. “Looks good. Should we sign?” Finlay and I both signed for our pack and James signed for the Eagle Forest pack. Jake and Elder signed as witnesses.
“Now that is out of the way, let’s celebrate,” James said. It was a great idea and we set the table and cooked a meal together. Cooking with my mom and Joy again brought back memories and when Finlay joined us to help out they both praised him. The meal was simple but well made and everyone grabbed a plate and took a seat where there was room. This was always my favorite part of a new alliance agreement; the part when the packs mingled and got to know each other. I was sitting in Finlay’s lap, to save on seats according to him, when Mino came walking over on unsteady legs.
“Hello,” I said and put my plate on the table. He looked up at me and then reached his hands towards me.
“Up,” he told me with a determined voice. How could I say no to that? With a little help from Finlay, I reached down and pulled him into my lap. “Yum,” he said, pointing at my plate.
“Yeah, the food is yummy,” I agreed.
“Yum, yum,” he said, a little more desperate. I looked over at Becky, who sat a couple of seats away. She smiled and passed me the plate with cut up food she had prepared for Mino. I scooped up some food on a spoon and held it out for him.
“Nuhu,” he said, shaking his head and again pointed at my plate.
“Sure thing, little guy,” I told him and placed some mac’n’cheese on my fork and gave it to him. He happily ate it and then looked at me. I got the point and continued to feed him from my plate.
‘You never feed me,‘ Finlay pointed out in a mindlink.
‘You are a grown man, you can feed yourself Alpha,‘ I told him.
“Is he bothering you?” Becka asked after a while.
“Not at all,” I told her, making sure my grip around his waist to support him on my lap was good.
“It’s okay to tell him no. He is eating your food,” my brother pointed out.
“I can eat when he is done.” My mom and dad were smiling at us. When Mino was
happy, I ate the rest and Finlay made sure to add
1/2
Chapter 116-2
some extra to my plate. My nephew seemed happy in my lap, listen him down on the floor and got up from Finlay’s lap. Mino grabbed
“Look,” he said, pointing to the living area.
“You want me to come and look at something?” I asked. He nodded holding my other hand. When Mino noticed, he stopped and glared
and Becky giggled.
to the grownups talk. When It was time to get up, I placed hand.
hd tugged on my hand. I followed him and Finlay followed me,
Finlay and then at where he was holding my hand. Both me
Chapter 116-3 
I think Mino would like to show his aunty without her mate,” Becky pointed out.
“But…” Finlay ed.
“You go and get things ready for the drive home. I’ll just spend a lite extra time with Mino,” I told him.
“But I’m your mate,” Finlay told me and sounded like he was sulking
“No one doubts that. I would just like a little more time with him before we need to say goodbye.” Finlay glared back at the toddler.
“Fine,” he agreed, and then he kissed me and looked at Mino with a aised eyebrow before leaving.
“Honestly,” I said to Becky, who was dissolving into laughter. Mino Happily led me over to where Becky had put down his toys that had kept him busy most of the day. He tugged on my hand and I got the hint. Both Becky and I sat down on the floor. Mino took out a story book and handed it to me as he crawled up on my lap again
“Oh my. He has taken a liking to you,” Becky told me.
“You are a sweet boy,” I told Mino and placed a kiss on his hair. “He reminds me of his dad. He was always sweet as well.” I opened the book and started reading. After a while, Mino fell asleep and I stopped reading and Becky and I sat and talked instead. My mom sat down on a couch nearby and joined in. It didn’t take long for Finlay and Elder to come walking. “It’s time?” I asked.
“It is. I will take my son back now before he decides to go back with you,” Elder told me and reached down and took Mino from my lap. Finlay helped me up from the floor.
“I really appreciate you bringing him along. It has been such a treat to spend time with him,” I told his parents. They both smiled
back at me.
“We were happy to. He is starting to get to the age where he can join in our calls. It will be good for him to have met you,” Becky said. I gave her a hug and then I gave my brother and nephew a hug and placed a kiss on Mino’s hair. Finlay put his arm around me.
“Feel free to come for a visit anytime you feel like it,” he told them. We will look into coming down for a visit once the pup arrives,” he added. Elder and him shook hands. We left the corner of the living area and walked up to James, Mark and Joy who stood waiting.
“I’m happy we could get the agreement signed. I think it will b
good for both packs,” James said, holding out his hand.
“I agree,” Finlay said. “We will make sure your pack members are safe while they are in our pack,” he added.
“I’m not worried.” I said goodbye to uncle Mark and aunt Joy. Apparently my dad and Finlay had agreed my parents would ride in our car. Sam and Jake would drive my parents‘. My mom and I were ushered into the back seat.
“Can we make a deal to only stop at every other rest stop?” I asked as we drove off.
“I don’t know, Red. I think it’s better to stop at them all,” Finlay said
“It’s a long way. I think your mate is right. It’s not good for you to sit too long,” my mom agreed.
“Thank you, Melissa,” Finlay said.
“Dad?”
“I agree with them, pumpkin.”
“Dadi You are supposed to be on my side” I ed. My dad chuck d
“I’m always on your side, pumpkin. But it means I sometimes need
might just have gained two powerful allies in his struggle to pamper me silly. 
###Battle of Fate 130
Chapter 117-1
I could see how happy Amie was to have her parents close again. We had spent almost three days together in the car. The frequent stops were the only thing souring her mood a little. To be honest, at this point I was largely insisting on them to tease her. Her dad and I had taken turns to drive, letting Amie and her mom sit in the Backseat talking. It wasn’t hard to see how much her parents loved Amie or that they were just as thrilled as she was to be close to her again. Her mom had hardly let go of Amie’s hand since getting into the car. This all meant I was getting less time with Ami than I was used to, or would like, but I was happy to sacrifice it when seeing how happy it made her.
“Last stop before we are home,” I announced and pulled the car over into a gas station. This time I had a legitimate reason to stop, it would be good to put some fuel in the cars.
“I will go and buy some snacks,” Amie told me.
“Sure, take Sam with you,” I told her and kissed her.
“I think I can manage.”
“I’m sure you can, but it will make both him and me happy,” I told her. 
“Fine,” she said. “Sam, time to buy snacks,” she called. Her mom joined Amie and Sam. Her dad walked up to me as I filled the tank.
“Thank you,” he said.
“For what?” I asked, feeling confused. He smiled at me.
“For how you take care of my daughter. You are about to become a father, you will understand soon. All you really want is for your
pups to be happy and safe. You are doing a good job on both of those. I can see how happy you make her, and I understand it didn’t start when the two of you became mates. Thank you for looking after her when I couldn’t.” It took me a moment to take in what he
said.
“It has always been a pleasure to make sure Amie has what she needs,” I told him. He gave me an amused look.
“Are you sure about that? If she is anything like her mom, she has a stubborn streak the size of the Grand Canyon and makes you want to tear out your hair from time to time,” he chuckled. I stared at him and then chuckled as well.
“Well, there are those days,” I admitted.
“Don’t worry about it. It doesn’t mean she doesn’t care or that she doesn’t trust you. It just means she thinks it will be faster and easier if she does it herself. Most of the time they are right, unfortunately. But remember to push back from time to time. Challenge her stubbornness when it’s needed,” he advised me. I smiled and nodded.
“I will remember that. Thank you.” Amie, Sam and Melissa came walking back. Amie and Melissa both had their arms full of snacks, I looked at them. “You know it’s only about thirty minutes before we are home?” I asked.
“Um. I might have gone overboard, but I feel peckish and I wanted to make sure there was enough for the three of you as well,” Amie said. I laughed and kissed her. We got back in the car and I mindlinked the other cars to make sure everyone was ready before heading back onto the road.
“We are almost there,” I let everyone know half an hour later.
“I can’t wait to show you everything,” Amie told her parents. She sounded giddy, and I could feel how excited she was. We passed the checkpoint and I felt the ease that always came when heading back into pack land.
“It’s beautiful here.” Melissa temmkeit.
*It is, ft ** Amie said. I looked in the rearview mirror and she fill a soft smile on her lips at the lonked out of the window. When we pulled up in front of the pack house, Matilda, Medow and Shelly stond waiting with Martins and Rose. We got out and Amie introduced he parents to them. It was cleat my Hunt and Amie’s mother hit it off from the start
“We have a meal waiting for you and then you can rest for bit” mevant told we.
“Oh, I think I may have stuffed myself full of snacks,” Amie said. “1 sorty” My aunt smiled and patted her on the arm.
“I would prefer that you eat food, but if you were hungry, it’s better that you eat then starve. We will put some aside for you.”
“She is right.” Amie’s mom agreed. I happily put my arm around Amie as we walked into the dining hall. The more people who spoiled her, the better. We ate in the almost empty dining hall. Jake and Sam were happy being home with their mates and pups and after a while, Cadence and Mari joined us as well. After we had eaten Amie and I took her parents and showed them our house.
“Oh, this is amazing, Amie’s mother said as we stood on the back porch, looking out over the garden, the meadows and the creek.
“Did you build the town from scratch?” her father asked.
“Yes. When we arrived here, about nine years ago, there were only forests and mountains,” I told him.
“Impressive. Nine years isn’t that long to get a village running.”
“We were motivated and it was important for us to feel at home. I think it helped that the first of us who came here had been part of the same pack for a long time. We were used to working together. We had picked up a new member or two on our way here, but it was mostly wolves from the old pack,” I said. Ron nodded and hummed.
“We have made up the guest room for you. I hope you will like it,” Amie said.
“I’m sure it will be fine,” her mom said. We decided to rest for a couple of hours. Then we would take a walk around the village. As Amie and I got into our bed, after making sure her parents had settled in, I enjoyed being back home with Amie snuggled up against
me.
“We need to think about a new sleeping arrangement soon,” she said as she found her spot.
“Why?” I asked, feeling a little upset at the thought.
“How long do you think I can sleep on my belly?” she asked. It made sense when I thought about it. Her pregnant belly would soon be an issue for her sleeping like she always did.
“We will just flip you around and you can sleep on your back,” I suggested and kissed her nose when she scrunched it up.
“I don’t like sleeping on my back,” she ed.
“I’m not going to carve out a hole in our bed for your belly,” I simply said. “Now go to sleep and we will solve it when we wake up.”
“But…”
“No buts. Remember when you stopped me from installing a baby gate in the middle of the night? This is me stopping you. Go to sleep Red.”
“It’s not the same. The baby gate is months away. This is maybe weeks,” she told me. I chuckled.
“At least we know it won’t happen during the next two hours. Go. T Sleep,” 
Fine. 
“Love you.” 
“Love you too.”
I love getting a new chapter every day but I also want more
###Battle of Fate 131
Having my mom and dad stay with us was amazing. It was all I had dreamed it would be and then some. My tnom and I spent hours in the garden, getting it ready for the summer. We talked about anything and everything. It was a blessing to have her back in my life now that I was expecting a pup. She told me all about her experiences and she gave me helpful advice. Some days, Matilda joined us and it was always a treat. My mom insisted on helping in the pack kitchen from time to time. My dad and I went for walks and talked as well. I wanted to know why I had felt such a distance between him and uncle Mark. He told me about the first year after I left and I felt sad that I hadn’t been able to stop the deterioration of their friendship.
“Don’t you put that on your shoulders, pumpkin,” my dad said as we walked over the meadows. It was too early for the wildflowers to bloom, but the creek and forest still made it a lovely path to walk “Wo are still friends, just not as close as we used to be. And that is okay. We grow and change,” he added.
“I know,” I told him.
“I was thinking of taking your mate, your Beta and Gamma to have a drink in the pub in town,” he then said, changing the topic completely.
“Okay. And why are you doing this?” I asked.
“I like Finlay. He is good to you, he loves you the way a mate should love you. But I know he doesn’t have a father, and his older brother isn’t much to brag about. I was thinking we three fathers could have a heart to heart with him. Tell him what he is in for and scare him a bit along the way,” my dad told me and chuckled. I giggled.
“I think he would love that. Thanks dad,” I said and kissed his cheek. He looked happy. Then I told him about Martin. He always made himself known in my mind when I walked along the creek. My dad listened and hummed.
“Sounds like he was a good Beta and friend,” he said as I had stopped talking and was doing my best not to cry. I nodded.
“He was. I still miss him, but it feels a little better now that his family is here,” I said. We walked back in silence, the nice kind that let me enjoy the spring air and the scent of nature waking up all around us. While my dad took Finlay out with the boys, mom and I headed over to the pack house. The pack had been amazing towards my parents. We joined a group who was playing board games
and soon Cadence and Jon also joined in. It was a fun evening.
A couple of hours later, Finlay and I were getting ready for bed. He had a smile on his face which made him look younger.
“I really like your dad,” he told me as he embraced me from behind and placed his hands on my belly.
“Should I be jealous?” I asked. He chuckled and kissed his mark on my neck.
“No. I just appreciate the way he has included me into your family. I have heard a lot about how some fathers–in–mating can be standoffish and protective of their daughters. But your dad just invited me in and treats me like a second son. Like what he did today. I have been wanting to ask him about all of the pregnancy stuff, but didn’t know how to ask. It meant a lot to me,” he told me and I could feel the sincerity in our bond and it touched me. I felt myself tear up and had to wipe away a stray tear.
“Red, sweetheart, why are you crying?” Finlay asked.
“Nothing. Hormones I think. But I’m happy you and my dad get along.”
“I would like to be like him to our pup,” he said. I turned around so could face
him.
“I can tell you from first hand experience he is a great role model to have.” I cupped my hand on his cheek. “You will do brilliantly. If it’s one thing I don’t worry about with this pup, it’s if it’s going to be loved. We have that covered.” He bent down and kissed me.
A couple of evenings later, the four of us were looking through some photo albums my mom had brought along. I bravely lived through the embarrassment of some of my pup photos. Finlay and my mom cooed over an array of photos and my dad took delight in telling every embarrassing story he could think about. When we had looked through all of them and sat back with some tea, I could feel the mood shift. My mom gave my dad a look and I wondered what was up.
“I don’t want this to come across as rude, or nosey, but would you mind sharing what you think about Carol, Finlay?” my dad asked. Finlay looked surprised for a moment, but then nodded.
“She is a kind wolf,” he said. “She has always been a bit shy, but opens up once you get to know her and she relaxes. If I remember correctly, she is a hard worker and she was generally liked in the pack,” he continued.
“Are you worried?” I asked my parents.
“No. We have about the same opinion, but it never hurts to ask,” my mom said. “She and James seem to be moving toward mating. I. think it’s great, they will make a good Alpha pair and I think they balance each other out in a nice way
“But?” I asked. There was a shared look between my parents again.
“She’s not Amie,” Finlay answered in their stead.
“Well no. Not that we would want Amie in that position. No, our daughter is where she should be,” my mom said.
“You make a better mate for her than James or anyone else. But the pack is a little weary of the relationship between them. They knew who you were and what you were like. This is something new,” my dad added. Finlay smiled and kissed my hair. He didn’t seem to take offence, which was good. I knew my parents loved him.
“Well, of course it’s new. I hope no one is trying to compare her to me, especially not the eighteen year old me who left the pack. Not even I am that person anymore. It would be unfair to expect her to be like me. She should be judged on her own merits. From what I saw during our brief meeting, she seemed sweet and kind. A little shy, but that isn’t a bad thing,” I told them. Finlay smiled
at me.
“My perfect Luna,” he said and kissed my cheek.
“Stop that,” I said with a smile and tried to bat him away. Both my parents laughed.
“No, he is right. It was a very Luna like answer,” my mom told me.
“And we agree with you. That is why we are asking. We are hoping we can talk to some of the pack members when we get back and set their minds at ease. It’s about time we had a Luna again,” my dad added.
“It makes a big difference,” Finlay agreed. “I had Amie as a stand in una for six years, and still. When it was official, there was a change in the pack.” My dad nodded.
“It always stabilises the pack. And when the next generation starts to show up, it gives hope,” he said with a grin. Finlay put his hand on my belly.
“I hope James and Carol sort things out. Maybe we will see them at the Alpha meeting this summer,” I said. Finlay froze and looked at me. “What?” I asked.
“You don’t think you are still going, do you?” he asked.
“And that is our cue to head off to bed, right babe?” my dad said, standing up.
1/2
Chapter 118-2
*Yes, I’m feeling all worn out. You two have a nice evening,” my mon agreed and they both left the room before either Finlay or I could respond.
“Why wouldn’t I be going?” I asked.
###Battle of Fate 132
I looked at Amie as her parents fled. How could she even think I would let her go to the meeting while pregnant?
“You are pregnant,” I told her. She rolled her eyes at me.
“I know that. Why would that stop me from going? It’s
like
the mes
where I would have to perform dangerous tasks.”
walk in the park. We put all the Alphas into the same space. Their
“Just because there are no games involved, doesn’t mean egos alone cause issues. This year it will be even worse with what has been happening in my brother’s pack,” I told her.
“Listen to me, Finn. You have been going to these meetings alone for far too long. In the beginning you had Martin with you, but then for some reason you stopped bringing him and refused to let anyone else join you. Now you are going to let me come with you. I’m not budging on this. Especially with what’s happening with your brother. I’m not letting you deal with that on your own,” she ed.
“Amie, my brother is unpredictable right now. What if he tries to hurt you, or our pup, as a way to get to me? I wouldn’t put it past him,” I told her. It was a deep–seated fear of mine. My brother put far too much pride in being the first in our family to produce an heir. And from what we had heard from the pack members leaving his pack, his Luna wasn’t pregnant yet. I feared what he would do when he learned we were expecting a pup. Amie sighed and moved to sit in my lap, it had become a habit of hers whenever she felt I was upset or worried.
“I understand what you are saying, and I’m not saying you are wrong. I’m just saying that I accept the risk. I’m not sending you, my mate, to deal with all of this alone. If you fear he is coming after me or our pup, I fear just as much that he is coming after you.” She had her determined look, I knew what it meant, but I wasn’t ready to give up just yet.
“I understand, sweetheart, and I appreciate you worrying over me. I will bring Sam with me,” I told her. In my mind, it was a good compromise. Apparently Amie disagreed, as she still had the same look on her face. “What? The Gamma isn’t good enough?” I asked. She made a face and sighed.
“It’s not that I don’t think Sam is good enough,” she told me and poked me in my stomach as a punishment for even thinking about it. “It’s just that I would be staying at home, worrying and not being able to do anything. And if your brother antagonises you, you know you will be triggered. Sam will feed off your energy and I don’t think him giving you a hug is nearly as effective at calming you down as when I hug you.” She had a point there, I reluctantly admitted to myself. The thought of being hugged by Sam in the middle of an Alpha meeting was more amusing than anything.
“I can’t bring both you and Sam,” I told her.
“I know,” she agreed.
“Your dad has told me I shouldn’t give in to your stubborn streak.” I knew it made me at straws here. Amie laughed.
sound like a five–year–old, but I was grasping
“This from a man who I think I have heard say no to my mom once,” she said, still laughing. I cursed our inability to say no to our
mates.
“If something happens to you or our pup, I will lose control and lay waste to the entire meeting. You know that?” I asked, switching tactics. She stopped laughing and looked at me with a smile.
“I know. We will just have to make sure that doesn’t happen,” she told me and rubbed my chest. I knew I was losing this discussion. In part because I wanted her there with me. I haden’t been this worried about an Alpha meeting since my first one. Things with my brother’s pack needed to be sorted out. I had no statistics on how many wolves had left his pack, but my gut told me he didn’t have many left. I wanted Amie by my side for all of that. In combination with her insistence on going, I felt my arguments crumble.
“I really, really don’t like it when you are this stubborn,” I told her with a sigh. She gave me a brilliant smile as the brew the hart
win.
“You don’t fool me, Mr big and tough Alpha. You love it when I push back and don’t do everything you tell me.” Fuck if she wasn’t right about that as well. It had been one of the alluring things with her from the start. She was a master at bering when to fold and agree to my orders and when to . Not many people dared to to their Alpha’s orders.
“I know,” I said and kissed her. “I love all things about you.”
“Does that mean I get to come?” she asked.
“Yes,” I huffed.
“Thank you. I will be careful and I will stay by your side and don’t do anything that puts ut in danger,” she promised me. I
chuckled.
“Don’t make promises you can’t keep, Red,” I told her and kissed her nose. She looked happy again, and it made me feel happy.
“I like it better when you call me Red. You only call me Amie when we are having a disagreement,” she said.
“Should I start calling you Amie more regularly?” I asked. I didn’t want her to associate her own name with something bad.
“You do and you will be sleeping outside until you stop,” she told me.
“Red it is.”
“When we get back from the Alpha meeting, I think we should have a sit down with the ones we have taken in from your old pack. 1 think it’s time we discuss if they want to become part of our pack or not. By then we should have more information to give them,” she said and leaned her head on my shoulder. I pulled her closer to me and placed my chin on top of her head.
“I think it’s a good idea. Unless they broach the subject before, then we will book a meeting with them all and let them decide,” I agreed. We had five families who had chosen to seek shelter in our pack. Martin’s family had been the first, but not the last. They all had similar stories to tell on how they had to sneak off pack land in the middle of the night to get away. Everyone would tell us about the worsening conditions. I was worried about my mother, but I took solace in that she wasn’t young enough to be in the breeding program. My aunt made attempts at contacting her from time to time, but she never got a response after my mother telling her everything was fine.
“Hey, where did your mind go?” Amie asked in a soft voice and caressed my cheek. I smiled at her.
“It just took a detour to my mother,” I told her. She nodded. “I thought I would feel jealous when your parents came to stay. Your family bond is so far from what my family had and has. But I don’t feel like an outsider. It feels, I don’t know, strange? Sad? That I’m closer to your mom than my own.”
“I’m sorry, I love how close you and my mom have got and I love her for adopting you like she has done. But I’m sorry you can’t have the same relationship with your own. It’s difficult feeling cut off from your parents,” she told me and snuggled in closer.
“It is,” 1 admitted. “But my family is growing. I have added your parents and now a pup. I may miss my mother from time to time and wish I could share news about my life with her, but I’m more than happy with what we have.”
“Things may change,” Amie said.
“Sure, but I’m happy with how things are. Well, I wish I could somehow cut my brother off from my family tree. I guess everyone has a skeleton in the family closet.” She giggled.
1/2
Chapter 119-2
“Tur. There is a rumont one of my dad’s great uncles liked to dress in a gorilla suit and run through the pack village a couple of times per year. My dad swears it’s not true, but I’m leaning towards that it i4.” I chuckled.
“Does your family have a thing for dressing up? Does it have something to do with your brother and a purple dress?” I asked Amis giggled.
“I thought that detail had slipped past you,” she said.
“It didn’t. So what is the deal?”
“Promise you won’t tell my parents, or my brother?” she asked.
“I will keep your secrets, Red.”
“You better. I have access to both your private parts and a cheese grater. Keep that in mind.” I felt my cock twitch, and for once, it
wasn’t from pleasure.
“Not a word,” I promised.
“Once, when Elder was about sixteen years old, there was a school dance, My brother decided to ask a girl to the dance. He spent so long fretting about it, she had already agreed to go with someone else. This happened a couple of times and my dear brother became… desperate. Eventually he asked a girl who had been interested in him for a long time. He had avoided her because she was too aggressive and she had quite a temper.”
“Doesn’t seem like a good fit for your brother,” I remarked.
“No. But James and their other friends were making fun of him and he just wanted a date, any date. So he asked this girl and even though she already had a date, she cancelled it and said yes to my brother. I don’t know the details, but during the dance the girl found out she was his seventh choice and she felt humiliated. And here is where her temper came into play. She lured him into a supply closet with a promise of some naked fun–time. He was a sixteen year old boy, of course he got naked in the supply closet. Somehow she managed to grab his clothes and ran, leaving only the dress she had worn behind.”
“So he had to wear it to get home?” I asked.
“I wish that was all. That had been funny, but not as humiliating as what happened. So, after evaluating his situation, Elder decided he had to put the dress on and sneak back home. Half way home, there was a breeze and the skirt of the dress blew up, revealing my brother’s privates and covering his head. While he struggled, a group of girls came walking and got the shock of their life. They ran in one direction, my brother in another. He made it home and I saw him sneak inside. The next day, the Alpha announced they were looking for a pervert who walked around in a dress, exposing himself to teenage girls. I connected the dots and asked my brother. He swore me to secrecy. I’m guessing the girl also understood who the pervert was, but I think she was more afraid of what would happen to her if she told anyone what she had done to the Beta’s son,” Amie said, giggling. I was laughing like a lunatic.
“You have the best family, sweetheart,” I told her.
###Battle of Fate 133
Chapter 120-1 
My parents stayed with us for a month. Saying goodbye was difficult. My mom had already told us she was planning on returning when it was time for me to give birth and no one ed to it. Having that to look forward to made saying goodbye a little eag As spring turned into summer, the drama seemed to lessen and life returned to its usual steady pace. The reports of people fleeing the Ocean Shore pack became rare. We didn’t know if it was due to the remaining members being okay with the state of things, or if they just couldn’t get out. Those who still had family and friends in the pack said it was the first option. We didn’t know how trustworthy the information was, but it was what we had. The planning for the Alpha meeting was in full swing. Sam was being stubborn about going with us. No matter how many times we told him we weren’t allowed to bring a third person, he insisted. His line of reasoning was since he was my bodyguard, he didn’t count. It was sweet but I doubted the council would view it that way. When he couldn’t change our minds, he started demanding I stay home instead. Which suited Finlay fine. Sam argued since I was pregnant, I counted as two people so I wouldn’t be allowed in. The first time Medow heard his reasoning, she laughed so hard she had trouble breathing. In the end, we convinced Sam both I and the pup would be alright and Finlay was there to protect us.
A week before the Alpha meeting, it was my birthday. I had been kept in the dark about what was being planned. I would have settled for a nice quiet pack dinner and then spent the evening with friends and family. But I knew the chances of that happening were low. It was my first birthday as a Luna, and a pregnant one at that. The pack, and by that I mean Medow, Matilda and Shelly, would be going all out.
“Wake up, sweetheart,” Finlay gently told me. I opened my eyes and saw him smiling. “Happy birthday,” he said as he bent down and kissed me.
“Thank you.” I stretched, and sat up in bed. Finlay was carrying a tray with breakfast. “Breakfast in bed? Did I really sleep through you sneaking downstairs and making me pancakes?” I asked. He placed the tray over my lap..
“No,” he admitted. “You slept through me sneaking downstairs and getting the tray from my aunt.”
“Thank you,” I told him again and carefully leaned so I could kiss his cheek. The pancakes were delicious and it was nice to be pampered with breakfast in bed. We talked about the day, and I ignored the clear effort that had been put into making sure I was distracted all day. If they wanted to plan this for me, I would let them. We were almost done with breakfast when my phone rang. I answered and heard my parents and my brother’s family sing happy birthday to me. I giggled and thanked them. Then my mom told us the story about the day I was born, as she had always done on my birthday. It had been a long while since I had heard it, so I enjoyed it more than usual. Finlay loved it.
The rest of the day I spent doing what everyone who was sent my way asked me to do. Matilda and I spent a couple of hours in my office in the house planning a month’s worth of meals to be served in the pack kitchen. We had never planned more than a week in advance before. But I obliged and didn’t point out how obvious of a distraction it was. Then Shelly and Medow took me for a walk, because, they told me, it was important for my pregnancy. Which hadn’t seemed to be the case until today. It was nice to take a stroll with them and we had lunch. They then handed me over to Jake who asked me to help him with some paperwork he told me he was confused about. I didn’t tell him he had already done similar paperwork three times without issue. Finally, Finlay took over and sat me down to go through paperwork with him. I was impressed he would voluntarily do paperwork as he hated it and I usually were the one more or les
“What was that for?” he asked.
“For being an amazing mate.” 
“I will take it,” he said and kissed me. He brought me back home to change for my party. “I guess you figured out it was what was happening today,” he said as he helped me zip up my dress. It was white with big green leaves and gold details. It was loose fitting around the waist to make room for my growing belly. The pregnancy was showing, even if the bump was still small.
“I did,” I admitted. “But you were all being so sweet and committed, so I didn’t want to spoil it for you.” Finlay chuckled and kissed my neck as he sneaked his arms around me and placed his hands on my stomach.
“They have been planning your distractions for weeks,” he told me.
“It makes me feel special,” I said.
“You are special, and I’m happy you don’t feel disappointed the surprise was spoiled.”
“It’s not spoiled. I still have no clue what you have arranged. I just know it’s something.” Finlay took me to the glade in the woods where we had most of our celebrations. It was decorated with lanterns and flower garlands. The fire was burning and there enough food on the tables to feed a small army. Luckily, that was about the size of the pack.
“Surprise!” Everyone shouted as we came walking and I laughed. I had a wonderful evening as Finlay and I walked around. I got to look at the two newest members of the pack. Little Jackson was Emile and Hudson’s and his big sister was proud as she told me she helped her parents to care for him. Ramses proudly handed his daughter May over to me. Kayla was smiling next to him.
“She is precious,” I told them as I gently rocked the month old pup.
“When she is happy, she is an angel,” Ramses said.
“My mate thinks our daughter has inherited my temper. I don’t know what he is alluding to,” Kayla told us. We laughed and I handed the pup back.
‘You looked good holding the pup,‘ Finlay mindlinked me when we walked to grab another piece of cake. I was obsessed with the red velvet cake Matilda had made for me. I smiled at him.
‘It’s a little scary to think that in less than four months we will have one of those to take care of,‘ I answered.
‘It’s mind blowing. I need to make sure everything is fixed by then.” 
“The nursery is almost done, I think we have what we need for the first months at least and we will have the pack and our friends to support us. I don’t know what else we need,‘ I linked him.
‘I need to fix the issue with my brother’s pack and I need to make sure we have a plan for our pack,‘ he told me.
I appreciate your determination, but I don’t think we will be able to broker world peace before I’m due.‘ He smiled at me and made sure I got a big piece of cake.
‘You’ll never know unless you try,‘ he said. After we, well, I, had eaten the cake, we danced and spent time with our friends.
“Ready to head out?” Finlay asked me just after midnight. I nodded. was a lot sleepier nowadays and the thought of snuggling up. to Finlay in bed sounded like a perfect ending to a perfect night. We said goodbye to everyone.
*Finn, the house is that way,” I told him as he had grabbed a box with cake from Matilda and led me into the forest.
I know where our house is,” he said.
“Then why are we going in the other direction?” I asked.
“We are not sleeping at home tonight.”
“We’re not?”
“No we’re not. I haven’t given you your birthday gift yet,” he said. He took me deep into the woods, to where the mountains reached upwards. The summer night was warm and it was nice walking hand in hand with my mate. Suddenly, Finlay stopped and pointed up at the mountain. Just over the treetops there was something glowing on the mountain face.
“What’s that?” I asked.
“Come along,” was all he told me. He took me up a path which went up the side of the mountain, it became narrower the farther we went. In the end I had to walk behind Finlay. “Happy birthday,” he told me and took a step to the side. In front of me was a cave opening. I could see two small camping lights inside the cave.
“We are camping?” I asked, sounding as thrilled as I was at the idea.
“We are. I know it’s not an exotic vacation. But no one knows exactly where we are. The pack knows Jake and Shelly are in charge until tomorrow afternoon. Until then, it’s just you and me in this cave. We can talk, eat cake, and have sex as much as we want.” I looked up at him with wonder. It had been a long time since I had been that free from responsibilities and even longer for him.
This is amazing! Thank you, Finn. It’s the best gift ever,” I told him and kissed him long and deeply. As we drew apart, he smiled at
me.
“I will give you anything you want. I may not always do it in the traditional way, but I will find a way.” He was just so perfect it was hurting my heart. “Give me two minutes,” he said and headed inside the cave. I took a moment to admire the view. We were high enough up that we could see most of our land. The river was close to us and on the other side of it most of the packland stretched out. I could see the faint glow of the village and the night sky twinkled with stars. It was breathtaking. Finlay called for me and when I walked into the cave, I saw he had placed and lit candles all around the walls. The two camping lights were turned off and in the back of the cave, he had prepared a thick air mattress with blankets and pillows.
“I’m lost for words,” I told him as I stood and looked around, taking everything in. He was watching me intently.
“Do you like it?” he asked.
“I love it,” I said with a sob. My emotions overwhelmed me and to my horror I started crying.
“Sweetheart!” he exclaimed and drew me into a tight hug. I clung to him while crying on his shoulder.
“It’s perfect,” I managed to say between sobs. “Happy tears.” He hummed and rocked me back and forth.
“Please stop crying. I can’t stand it. I promise we can sit outside and watch the view and have the cake we brought,” he told me. I had to giggle in the middle of me crying. My emotions were beginning to stabilise.
“That sounds like my birthday last year. I liked that,” I said. He kissed me.
“So did I. But this year we won’t stop when we come to the fun part
s forcing him to do it. When he told me we were done for the day, I gave him a warm smile and kissed him.
###Battle of Fate 134
Chapter 121-1 
We arrived at the Alpha meeting early. I wanted to get Amie settled in before there were too many alphas hanging around. It was not the same location as for the Games. But it was still owned by the council. For all but one week of the year, the facility was a high end hotel in the middle of nowhere. The rich booked a stay here when they needed to get away. Politicians in the middle of a scandal, a movie star who needed to heal from surgery, and spoiled heiresses who needed to lay low for a while. One week a year, it was the place where all the alphas gathered to talk, vote on things which affected the community and tried not to kill each other. Usually I only asked for a single–room. But this year, as the Alpha of one of the top five packs, they had given me a suite on the top floor. It was perfect now I had Amie with me. When we walked into the lobby, the head of the council stood by the check–in desk.
“Luna Amie, Alpha Finlay, welcome,” he greeted us. He discreetly sniffed the air and a genuine smile spread over his face. “Congratulations! Happy news seems to follow you around it seems. Correct me if I’m wrong, but this will be the third pup this year?” I chuckled and kissed Amie’s temple.
“It’s true. There is a pup boom in the pack at the moment,” Amie agreed with him.
“Oh, it’s always such a joy to see the next generation of leaders come forth. I’m impressed you let her come, Alpha Finlay. I’m happy to see the mistrust between the packs lessening,” the councilman said. Amie giggled.
But, as you know, now that I’m mated, I have nothing to say about important issues,” I told him, trying to look serious. The older wolf chuckled happily as he watched/Amie poke me in the side.
“To be honest with you, head councilman, I would have left her at home if I had a say in the matto.
“Don’t tell him that! He will think I’m a horrible mate,” she hissed at me. I just laughed and kissed her.
“To be young and newly mated again,” the head of the council wistfully said. “Nonetheless, I am happy for you This is your room, take the afternoon and settle in. We will hit the ground running tomorrow morning.”
and for
your pack.
“Thank you,” I told him. I took both mine and Amie’s bags in one hand and put my other arm around her as we made
elevators.
our
to the
“This feels like a vacation,” Amie said as we stood in the elevator. She hugged my waist and relaxed into me. I smiled.
“We can pretend for today,” I said. “Let’s order room service and just relax in the room.” The suite was spacious with a living room and a bedroom. The bathroom had an enormous tub and a shower which could hold half a pack inside and had more sprays and shower heads than I had ever seen. Amie inspected it carefully. “Should we have something like this at home?” I asked. Suddenly I felt like a failure because I had only given her a standard shower at home.
“Don’t be silly. It will be fun to play around with all of this while we are here, but at home I just need to be able to take a shower. This is over the top and seems to take a while to get it all to work. I’m happy as long as you and I can both fit in the shower at home at the same time. And I think we have proven we can,” she told me and kissed me. I felt silly for worrying. Amie wasn’t a person who cared about things like this. If I wanted to spoil her, there were more meaningful ways of doing it.
Game of Destiny
Chapter 121-2 
We woke up the next morning and ordered breakfast in our room. We got ready to join the first of many meetings. I made sure we timed it so we would be about five minutes early. I didn’t want Amie to be there longer than needed. The meeting was held in a big auditorium with a small stage at the front with podiums for speakers Most of the alphas and their plus ones had already arrived. As usual, the room was filled with arguments, some merely friendly hater, others almost to the point of turning physical. It was always like this on the first day. I took a deep breath. Our seats were on the first row so I had to take Amie through all of this chaos. As we walked into the room, the chaos slowly died out and everyone looked at Amie. It made my wolf go on high alert until I understood they had all scented she was pregnant. I didn’t think it would have had this effect on everyone. I looked for my brother and saw him stare at Amie’s stomach. She was wearing a white suit with gold details. It made her small bump almost invisible if you didn’t know what to look for. I guided Amie down the steps, along the way we talked to some of our allies and got well wishes from packs we didn’t have any connection to. The conversations around the room had picked up again, but they were less argumentative. When we arrived at the first row, Elder and James met us. James was sporting a new mate mark. Amies parents had told us a couple of days before leaving for the Alpha meeting that he and Carol had mated.
“Congratulations, James,” Amie said, sounding genuinely happy for him. 
“Thank you,” he said and there was a small blush on his cheeks.,
“I had hoped I wouldn’t have to come this year,” Elder told us.
“I was thinking of bringing Carol, but then thought better of it,” James said, glancing in my brother’s direction. I got it. His mate had suffered at the hands of my brother, he didn’t want her to be around him. “I’m surprised Amie is here,” he added.
“I didn’t give him a choice. We all know what is coming and there was no chance I would let him go through it on his own,” Amie said. Her brother chuckled and James smiled.
“It’s not easy having a mate even more stubborn than me,” I said and kissed her hair. James didn’t react at all. We greeted the other top ranking packs and then took our seats. It was comforting to know all the packs on the front row were our allies. I could trust them to a point with making sure Amie was safe. The council walked into the room and took their place. They had chairs on the stage, facing the rest of us. The head of the council stepped up to the podium.
“Welcome everyone to this year’s alpha meeting. You have all been sent the agenda for the week. There will be debates and breakout rooms to discuss more local issues. Today we have, as tradition dictales, left open for any issues you wish to present. Do we have anything we need to discuss or that you will bring in front of the council?” he asked.
“I have something to bring before the council,” Alpha Lars said as he stood up. He was the Alpha of the number one ranked pack. After our talks earlier this year, I had got to know him and he was a good Alpha and I was happy to have an alliance with his pack.
“I have something to present to the rest of the alphas,” Alpha Jonas said and stood up.
“It has been quite a while since we have had two declarations at the same time,” the head of the council said. He sounded pleased. “Alpha Lars, you were first, please lay out the issue you wish to bring forward to us.” 
“Thank you. I ask the council to withdraw the Ocean Shores pack’s right to be called a pack due to how they have treated their own members. It goes against the vow an Alpha gives their pack,” he said loudly, making sure everyone could hear him.
“What the fuck!” my brother exclaimed. Amie squeezed my hand. This wasn’t news to us. A number of packs who shared alliance with each other and who had taken in refugees from my brother’s park had discussed a joint strategy to end this once and for all without blood being spilled.
“Very well, we will listen to you. Are you prepared to present it before us today?”
“Yes,” Alpha Lars said. The head of the council‘ nodded.
“And you, Alpha Jonas? What would you like to present to the other alphas?” 
Chapter 121-2
“I would like us to vote to exclude Alpha Ryan from being an Alpha, The way he has treated his pack, he should not bear the title,” Alpha Jonas said. It was a double blow, we were trying to secure a fourable outcome. If one of the ways falled, we were hoping the other would succeed. If they both failed, we would have to do it by force. With all the packs we had on our side, if wouldn’t be impossible to take my brother’s pack down. But even if we were more or less guaranteed a win, things could go wrong. Lives would
be lost.
“Oh my, this is interesting. Well, looks like we will have a busy day. et’s start with Alpha Lars‘ request,” the head of the council said. It was hard to miss how excited he sounded.
###Battle of Fate 135
As the stage was being prepared, the room was buzzing with whispered conversations. The packs who weren’t in on the plan were excitedly talking with anyone close to them. I had wanted to be thene laying out at least one of the accusations, but Amie and the others had convinced me it was better for others to do it. They argue Ryan would claim this was payback for him trying to reunite the packs. By using other alphas, we removed that argument. I still t it was my duty as his brother.
‘Let it go and focus. You have taken responsibility,‘ Amie mindlinked me.
‘I would just like to be the one who cleans up my family’s mess,‘ I told her for the hundredth time.
‘I know, and you are. This is just the best way,‘ she reminded me.
I know, I know. Are you hungry?‘ I asked.
‘Finn, we ate breakfast an hour ago.‘
‘That didn’t answer my question,‘ I pointed out.
‘I’m a little peckish, but I will be fine until we get a break,‘ she told me. I took out a banana from my pocket and handed it to her. She looked at it.
‘You don’t like bananas,‘ she said.
‘Luckily I’m not going to eat it, you are.‘
‘You had a banana in your pocket for me?‘ she asked. I had to chuckle because I’m five years old at heart and it sounded way too
dirty in my mind. She rolled her eyes, clearly understanding why I was chuckling.
1
‘I have a couple more if you need and two apples,‘ I told her and kissed her cheek. On stage, they were ready to start and my focus shifted. A long table had been set up, and the council sat on one side of it, facing us. The head of the council was in the middle, and he stood up.
“We will hear Alpha Lars first. He will have until lunch to present his case and present the evidence, if any. For fairness sake we will adjourn the case until tomorrow morning to let Alpha Ryan prepare his defence and bring it before us. Then we will decide how much time we need to make the decision,” “the head of the council said. I would have hoped it would be over before the end of the
day. The longer it dragged out, the more time Ryan posed a threat to Amie.
‘It will be fine,‘ she mindlinked me as she was eating her banana. ‘It’s two days. We will manage two days.‘ I nodded as I watched Alpha Lars standing up and walking to the podium which had been placed to the side on the stage.
“Thank you, council,” Alpha Lars said as he stood in front of us. “The request I lay before you today is not something I take lightly, It has taken me months to decide this is the right thing to do. In the end I, as an Alpha, can’t turn a blind eye to what is happening in our society. No pack residing on this continent can have missed what is going on. For those who come from other parts of the world I can only say we have a pack who is treating its members with so little respect and dignity most of them have felt it necessary to flee. It has been my pack’s absolute privilege to host five of those families. It’s because of those families I stand here today. They are good wolves, honest, hardworking and loyal. What their pack, their Alpha, has put them through, I have no words to describe.” Alpha Lars made a pause to let the words sink in. “Our tradition is for each pack to govern themselves. But in cases like these, we need to step away from traditions and do what is right for the members of the pack. I’m not going to stand here and tell the council what has been happening within the Ocean Shore pack. Im not qualified to do so, but I have five of its members standing by via video link who can give first hand testimony,” he said. There was a murmur among the Alphas. There was silence for a white as the council mindlinked amongst themselves.
“We will agree to this,” the head of the council agreed. There was another pause as video conference equipment was being set up. When done, Alpha Lars connected to
Chapter 122-2 
“Welcome, Steve. Thank you for agreeing to tell your story to the Alphas and the council today,” Alpha Lars said. “Could you start with introducing yourself?”
“Yes, Alpha Lars. My name is Steve Miller, I am a member of the Ocean Shore pack, as my family has been as far back as we can remember. I was a warrior in the pack up until five months ago,” Steve told everyone. I knew him, he was a good warrior and I had hoped he would have come with me when we left the pack. His loyalty had been too firmly rooted.
“Thank you. Can you tell us why you are no longer a warrior in your back?” Alpha Lars asked.
“Me and my mate made the decision to leave the pack,” Steve told us
“And why was that, if you had a good role in the pack, why leave?” the head of the council asked.
“The situation in the pack was getting too dangerous for me and my family. Me and my mate have a pup, a five–year–old girl. She is the most precious thing to us and she is also the last pup born in the Ocean Shore pack,” he told us. I was stunned by the information. We had never thought about asking, but if it was true the last pup to be born in my brother’s pack was five years ago, it explained why Ryan was getting desperate. If no new members could be recruited from other packs and no new pups were being born, his pack was slowly dying. “My mate and I have been spared from the worst of what is happening in the pack. But the thought of our daughter needing to go through with forced matings is not something I can accept.”
“Can you please describe what new rules have been enforced in the Ocean Shore pack which made you decide to leave?” Alpha Lars asked.
“All mated couples are to report to the top tier how often they have sex and they have to track the woman’s reproductive cycle. All birth control are forbidden. All non–mated females above the age of fifteen need to track their reproductive cycle and report it to the top tier. When she is at the height of being fertile, she have to accept to sleep with a male chosen by the top tier. This man can be any male in the pack below the age of sixty. Only exception is if he has a mate who is pregnant or has been given birth in a six- month period. Otherwise, all males have to comply and take part in the breeding program. All forms of homosexuality are forbidden.” The room was silent after Steve stopped talking. I felt the anger course through me even if I had heard it before from families staying in our pack and from the meeting we had with our allies. Their rules were cruel and didn’t consider the sanctity of the mate bond. It went against the moon goddess herself. Just the thought of being forced to be with someone who wasn’t Amie had my wolf stirring. After Steve had given his testimony, we got to hear from two women and a man. One of the women told us how she had been forced into sleeping with a man as she hadn’t found her mate yet, but she was nineteen, so she should do her part for the pack. The other woman testified about the questioning she had to endure because she and her mate hadn’t become pregnant despite being mated for three years. The threats they had made to forcefully separate her from her mate and place them with other people to see if that would help. The man testified about being forced to sleep with a woman despite having a mate. How guilty it had made him feel, how it had impacted the relationship with his mate and how he still had a hard time forgiving himself. When it was all over, I had my arm around Amie as if I could shield her from the ugliness of it all. Amie had tears running down her face. She wasn’t alone. Most of the lunas present were crying and even some alphas had tears in their eyes.
“Do you have any further evidence?” the head of the council asked Alpha Lars.
“No. I rest my case,” he told them. Council nodded as one.
“We will break for lunch. After lunch, Alpha Jonas will present his case in front of the alphas,” the head of the council said.
1/2
the call and a man in his mid thirties was seen on the screen.
###Battle of Fate 136
I made sure we picked a table for lunch as far away from my brother as we could get in the restaurant. We were joined by James and Elder. For once I appreciated the company of the other Alpha as I was sure he would help me protect Amie. She was sitting next to me, poking at her salmon. 
“You should try to eat it and not just pick at it,” I told her. She looked up at me with sad eyes which tore at my heart.
“I don’t really have an appetite at the moment,” she said. I understood why, but it didn’t make me less worried.
“Would you like to lie down for a bit?” I asked. She shook her head.
“No, it’s fine, I’ll feel better in a while.” Both James and Elder looked worried. I decided there was only one thing to do. I lifted her onto my lap and let her curl up and rest her head on my shoulder. I could feel her relax and when I was sure she felt better, I handed her the plate she had abandoned. To my relief, she ate most of it. Elder smiled and nodded approvingly. Just to be on the safe side, I buttered two bread rolls, put them into a napkin and the into my pockets. Amie saw what I was doing and giggled.
“I think we need to get you a purse,” she said. James and Elder laughed.
“My pockets will do just fine,” I told her. We finished eating and then headed back to the meeting room and took our places.
‘I’m very proud of you for not killing your brother, or even trying to Amie mind linked me and gave me a kiss on the cheek. It was a surprise to me as well. Both me and my wolf focused on Amie and our pup. It was more important they were safe than me getting to kill my brother. Even though it was a close second. The head of the council asked Alpha Jonas to take the stage and he walked up and stood facing us.
“Fellow Alphas, we have spent the morning listening to testimonies from former members of the Ocean Shore pack. I wish I could say they were the only ones with those kinds of stories. But I can tell you the wolves seeking shelter in my pack tell the same stories, bear the same wounds. That is why I stand here before you today. Our packs are different, what works for mine will not work for a pack on the other side of the world. This has always been our way. We let each pack govern themselves as long as they don’t put others in danger or exposes us to humans. One thing we all have in common is the promises we, as Alphas and Lunas, make our packs. We vow to protect the pack, to make sure the pack thrives and in return the pack gives us the power to lead them and their submission,” Alpha Jonas started. There were agreeing murmurs in the crowd.
‘He is good at this,‘ Amie mindlinked me. I agreed with her. He knew how to draw in his audience.
“Alpha Ryan has broken the promises an Alpha gives their pack. In his pack only a select few are safe and respected. The rest of his pack lives in fear. He even goes against the moon goddess herself, as he has no regard for the sacred mate bond. We, as alphas, can’t sit idly by. I, for one, refuse to be grouped with him. I therefore ask that we vote, as alphas, if we are willing to let Alpha Ryan keep his title or not,” Alpha Jonas ended his speech. Silence followed when he stopped speaking and then a buzzing as Alphas; Lunas and Betas all began to talk to each other. A moment later the head of the council stood up and the room fell silent without him asking.
“Thank you, Alpha Jonas. Alpha Ryan, you will have a chance to defend yourself tomorrow. For now, let’s break for today. There are still a couple of hours until dinner, but I think we all could use some rest and time to think about what we have heard today. We will reconvene at nine o’clock in the morning,” he told everyone. I was grateful for the early ending of the day.
“Would it be okay if we sit with you during dinner?” Alpha James asked as we got up from our seats.
“Of course,” Amie answered and looked at me.
Chapter 123-2 
“Yes, we would be grateful to have allies close by,” I agreed. “How about we invite Alpha Jonas and Luna Beatrice to join as well?* | added. 
“That sounds like a lot of fun. Amie sald and both Elder and James Hodded. We agreed to meet in the restaurant five minutes before the dinner would start and we included out friends from the Winter Peak pack. I took Amie to our room and emptied my pockets of fruit and bread rolls. She giggled and took a banana to eat. She got comfortable on the couch in the living room and I joined her.
“Feeling better?” I asked.
“Yeah. It was the testimonies in the morning that hit home,” she told me. I nodded, I didn’t think anyone had been unaffected by those.
“I was thinking we should take a nap when you have had your snack I said.
“Don’t worry too much about me, Finn. I’m doing well and I can take care of myself. There are other things you need to focus on,” Amie let me know. 
“I know,” I said. “But taking care of you means I don’t have to think what a giant asshole my brother is. That keeps me to kill him.” I explained. It was the truth, taking care of Amie was the only thing keeping me sane. I had to admit, if only to myself, from trying
it was a good thing she had come along. Instead of taking a nap, we snuggled on the couch and called home to let them know how things were going. The dinner started off good. I was expecting me and my wolf to 
be on edge because of James, but after his mating he had changed. He no longer focused on Amie or reacted when she and I interacted. It genuinely seemed he had moved on Dinner was almost over. Amie was talking to Luna Beatrice and Alpha Jonas about the upcoming visit the alpha pair would do to our pack to meet their new grandpup. I was in a conversation with Elder and James about some rogue activity they had seen around their pack. My brother and his Beta walked up to our table. Everyone stopped talking and looked at him.
“Finlay, may I have a word?” he asked. He still refused to use my title.
“Is there something we need to talk about?” I asked in return.
g
“I would say so. This little show you have had your friends put on. I can see why you have a need to act up, but enough is enough,” my brother said. Alpha Jonas scoffed.
“I’m flattered you think I have such power over two of the top ranking packs, but this is not my doing. If anything, brother, this is your doing,” I pointed out. Both Ryan and his Beta took a step closer to me. James and Elder both stood up and blocked their path.
“Please keep away from my sister when you are this upset, alpha Ryan,” Elder said. For Ryan to get to me from where he stood, he had to pass by Amie. I stood up and walked around Elder and James.
“There is nothing for us to discuss, Ryan. The issues have been brought before the council and the Alphas. There is nothing I can do about it. You just need to prepare your defence and hope people see your point of view. I wouldn’t bet any money on it, though.” He glared at me.
“This will break our mother’s heart,” he told me. 
“Alpha Ryan!” Amie exclaimed. I looked back and saw she had got out of her seat and looked pissed. I could also see Elder walking to her side, making sure she didn’t do something crazy like walk up to my brother.
“If she is heartbroken because her son gets what he deserves, but not because of what is happening in your pack, then so be it. Like I said, this is on you. You decided to go down this path. These are the consequences of that choice,” I told him. “Please stay away from me and Amie. You know how us Alphas are when it comes to our pregnant mates,” I said. I turned my back to him and his Beta and walked back to Amie. I kissed her and gestured to her to sit down. She stared angrily at my brother but then did as I asked. As one, all around our table ignored the two unwanted persons and well sat down and resumed our conversation.
1/2
Chapter 123-2
your can’t just ignore met.” Ryan demanded. When no one even look at him, he stormed off with his Bets in tow. I didn’t delude myself to think it was the last I would hear front him, but at least he was gone for now,
Chapter Comments 
Lil’Momma805
Oh just unalive him please
VIEW ALL 3 COMMENTS
POST COMMENT
8
< SHARE
###Battle of Fate 137
I smiled at Luna Beatrice as Finlay and I took our seats for the second day of the Alpha meeting. According to the plan, we were to discuss trade opportunities between packs today, but because of what happened yesterday, the plans had changed. Finlay was a bundle of tensed, packed nerves. I had tried to get him to relax in every way I could think of. It worked for a while, but before I knew it, it all came right back to him. The only solution was to get through the day and get some closure. I knew he was afraid that neither of our plans would work and the only option left was a hostile solution. The idea scared me as well, but I had faith that others saw how truly horrible the situation in the Ocean Shore pack was. The stage had already been set to continue the council’s hearing and as soon as everyone was in place, the head of the cound called Alpha Ryan to come forth. He walked up on the stage and took the same spot as Alpha Lars had done the previous day.
“We have heard Alpha Lars‘ accusations towards your pack, Alpha Ryan. Please, the floor is yours and once you are done, the council may have questions for both you and Alpha Lars,” the head of the council said and then took his seat.
“Thank you. I have to say it is a sad day when 1, as Alpha, have to step onto this stage and defend how I chose to rule my pack,” Alpha Ryan started. His emphasis was on the word ‘my‘. “Since when do we get involved with how others run their pack? Should I petition the council every time I don’t agree with how another Alpha rules their pack? If that is the case, we will have to prolong the Alpha meeting by a couple of months. It is tradition to let each Alpha run his pack as he chooses. I think it’s sad that Alpha Lars has taken the steps he has, but I know it’s not his own doing. No, this is all because of my brother. He wants to take revenge for me suggesting, in an attempt to protect my former pack members, that our packs should be unified. My brother took offence and is now out for vengeance. He isn’t brave enough to do it on his own, so he is using his allies to do it. It’s pathetic and a coward’s way. If he wanted to strip me of my Alpha status, he should challenge me.” There was silence as he stopped speaking.
“That is the worst defence I have ever heard, was it even a defence?‘ mindlinked Finlay.
‘I don’t know. I don’t know what to say,’ he linked back, obviously as shocked as I was.
“Erhm, was that all?” the head of the council asked.
“Yes,” Alpha Ryder told him.
“Well, yes, good then. Do we have questions from the council?” 
“How many members are left in your pack, Alpha Ryan?” a man on the council asked. We all wanted to know the answer to the question.
“I don’t see what that has to do with things,” Ryan said, squirming a little.
“Please, just answer the question, and let me remind you it is a crime to lie to the council,” the head of the council said. For a moment, it looked like Ryan was about to refuse and I wondered what would happen if he did. Then he spoiled it all by opening his
mouth.
“Twenty–five,” he said.
“Twenty–five families? It’s not much, but I thought it would be worse,” the man who had asked commented.
“No. Not twenty–five families, twenty–five individuals,” Ryan corrected him. There was a stunned silence and then a murmur. I could hear comments from a few rows behind me.
“Twenty–five wolves? Is that even a pack?” one Alpha asked.
“I don’t know. No wonder they aren’t having pups. There is no stability in a group of twenty–five. How are they even supposed to protect their borders?” another one answered the first.
“True. I’m guessing not all of them are warriors, so they may have even fewer to cover patrols, Even if we don’t take away his Alpha title and disband the pack, another pack will overrun them within months,” the first one said. I could see how pale Finlay had got.
1/2 
Chapter 124-1
Are you still with me?” I asked in a mindlink.
‘Yeah, I just… Twenty–five,‘ he answered. Sometimes I forgot the Ocean Shore pack wasn’t just Finlay’s brother’s pack. It was the pack Finlay had grown up in and had thought he would spend his life in. It was the pack his family had protected and ruled over for generations. I couldn’t imagine how hurt he must feel knowing the state of it now. I took his hand and put both of my hands around it, keeping it secure. I leaned in and put my head on his shoulder. ‘Are you tired?‘ he asked. Always worrying about me.
‘No, I’m just giving you some social cuddling that is appropriate for the occasion,‘ I told him.
“Alpha Ryan, you say you would prefer your brother to challenge your” a woman on the council asked.
“Yes,” he confirmed.
“Is that your way of telling us you wish to step down from your Alpha position?” she followed up.
“What? No! Why would you assume that?” Alpha Ryan asked.
“Because a year ago you met your brother in a one to one combat and you lost. That was when you had marked and mated your true mate and was in your prime while your brother had no Luna. Now he has his Luna and is expecting a pup while you have declined in strength. Do you see such a challenge ending in any other way than his victory?”
“You don’t know… That is not… You are twisting the truth!” Alpha Ryan said, sounding taken off guard.
“Now, now. We are all adults. Let’s keep this civilised,” the head of the council reminded everyone. It wasn’t hard to see things weren’t going Alpha Ryan’s way, and it confused him. “I think we will break here. Let’s have lunch and then we will hear Alpha Ryan’s defence for Alpha Jonas‘ accusation, have the Alpha vote and the council’s verdict,” the head of the council said.
“No need. I have the same defence for those accusations,” Alpha Ryan said.
“Are you sure? It would be wise to take the lunch break to think it through.”
“I’m sure,” Ryan insisted, and I sighed. He was an idiot.
“Well, does anyone have a question for Alpha Ryan?” the head of the council asked. No one spoke. “Okay, do you want to take the
lunch break to think about how to vote?”
“I think we are ready,” an Alpha said and there was an agreeing murmur.
“Nothing ever goes to plan when you are dealing with Alphas,” the head of the council murmured. “Okay. Alphas, those of you who agree with Alpha Jonas that Alpha Ryan should be stripped of his title please raise your hand now,” he then said. I could see Finlay, Lars and James all raise their hands, I looked back and saw a sea of hands. There was no questioning the outcome. I kissed Finlay’s cheek. “Thank you. And could those of you who don’t agree with Alpha jonas raise your hand now.” I looked back again and saw a few hands sticking up. It took a moment but then the head of the council stood up. “The voting has concluded. 132 agree with Alpha Jonas, 12 are against him and 3 stand mute,” he told everyone. He stepped around the table and walked up to Finlay’s brother. “Ryan Cadwick, you no longer hold the title Alpha. You no longer may lead a pack. You no longer have the right to attend this meeting. A short extension will be given so you can join us after lunch to hear the council’s verdict,” he told Finlay’s brother.
“Now. Let’s break for lunch.”
For lunch James, Elder, Jonas and Beatrice joined us again. The mood was a kind of shocked silence. We had all hoped for this outcome, but it was still overwhelming to see an Alpha being stripped from his rank.
“I didn’t think it would be that easy, Alpha Jonas finally said.
“After listening to those horrific testimonies yesterday, the worst possible defence had to be; I can do what I want and you should mind your own business,” Elder said. Then he looked at Finlay. “Sorry,” he added.
1/2
Chapter 124-2
“No need. It was a terrible defence for a terrible crime,” Finlay said kissed his cheek. Some of his colour had returned and 1 took it as a good sign.
“I didn’t realise stripping him of his rank would get him banned from the meeting as well. Silly of me, but i didn’t connect the dots,” I told them.
“I think it’s a good thing. It will give him time to run away and lick his wounds,” James said. We all agreed and finished our lunch. No one wanted to be late for the council’s verdict. I wished I could sit on Finlays lap and keep some of my dignity, but that wasn’t an option so I sat in my own seat. Finlay put his arm around me and I took his other hand between mine. The council walked in and got settled. Finlay’s brother stood where he had stood before they went for lunch. He looked smaller and more fragile than he had before. The head of the council stood up.
“I would like to say this was a hard decision, that we struggled with it and its consequences. Revoking a pack’s right to be a pack is not something which should be taken lightly. But this decision was easy. We, the council, find enough proof and credence in the evidence presented by Alpha Lars, and in Alpha Ryan’s answers, to disband the Ocean Shore pack. From today, no pack shall use that name. The pack land will be sold by the council and the profits will be split equally amongst the wolves of legal age who were members when it ceased to exist. The members will not be turned rogue, this is of no fault of theirs. They will be considered lone wolves and are free to seek homes in other packs or to roam free. This is the council’s decision. It is final, and it is in effect immediately,” he declared. There was silence. Ryder seemed to sink in on himself. “As this was the final matter for the day, we will end it here. We all could need some time to decompress and grasp what has happened,” the head of the council told us. We all nodded and stood up.
Chapter Comments
Visitor
This book is so good and I for one can’t wait to see where the story goes from here
VIEW ALL 2 COMMENTS >
9
<SHARE
###Battle of Fate 138
We all walked in a daze out of the auditorium. It had been a double victory and we should celebrate, but losing one of the oldest packs on the continent didn’t feel like something to rejoice about.
“I’ll just go to the ladies,” I told Finlay as we headed for the elevator
“Wait until we get to our room,” he said. I could tell his mind was elsewhere.
“Finn, I have been brave and held it in this long. If I get on that elevator, there will be an accident,” I told him. He looked at me as if he was trying to register what I was telling him. Truth be told, I hadn’t needed to go two minutes ago, but now it felt like if I didn’t get to the toilet within the next two minutes all hope would be lost.
2
“Right, okay. I will go with you,” he said. I had started walking towards the bathroom but stopped.
“You can’t go into the ladies‘ room. Do you know how many Alphas would come for you if they thought you were trying to peep at their Lunas?” I told him and heard Luna Beatrice giggling.
“I will go with her,” she offered.
“Thank you,” Finlay said. She hooked her arm in mine and we hurried off. The bathroom was empty, which thankfully meant I didn’t
need to wait in line.
“Alphas, they are all the same when it comes to their mate being pregnant. I remember when it was Jonas. And I remember needing to pee like fifty times an hour,” she told me from the stall next to mine. The last words sounded a little slurred.
“Are you okay?” I asked as I was ready and stood up. Why was the floor swaying?
“Something’s wrong,” I heard her say. I could barely make out her words. I tried mindlinking Finlay, but my mind wouldn’t focus. A darkens was creeping in around my field of vision. I shook my head and stumbled to the sink.
“Finn,” I meant to shout, but it wasn’t louder than a whisper. The only thing keeping me on my feet was my grip on the sink. No way I was going to black out. I had no clue what was happening, but it wasn’t good and if I lost consciousness, it would be worse. The darkness grew as my vision faded. Hands. They grabbed me roughly and I tried to fight, but the darkness claimed me and I made one last attempt at mindlinking Finlay.
My arms hurt, it was the first thing I registered as I came to. I was sitting in a chair, slumped forward with the weight of my upper body on my arms which were tied to the back of the chair. My head felt fuzzy and there was a dull ache all over my body. I was alone in a mostly dark room. There were no windows, the only light came from underneath the closed door at the other end of the room. It was enough for my night vision to take in my surroundings. I was sitting at the back of the room. There wasn’t much else in here. A couple of mattresses were leaning against a wall. The smell coming from them made me happy they were nowhere near
me.
‘Finn?‘ I tried to mindlink.
‘Amie! Oh thank the goddess! Sweetheart, where are you? What happened?‘ he answered. The fear and panic was clear through our
bond.
I don’t know. Things just went black. Is Beatrice okay?‘ I asked.
She is fine, Red. We found her passed out in the bathroom. She is still unconscious, but the healers say she will be fine. Where are you? 
‘I don’t know. It’s a windowless room. I’m tied to a chair,‘ I told him
‘Can you get free?‘ His question made me want to kick myself for not trying sooner. I twisted my arms and heard the clunk of metal
hitting metal. I moved my arm to try and feel the restraint that was holding me to the chair. I felt the chair, it was made out of metal. I then came to something which felt like a handcuff. The moment my fingers contacted it, I felt sharp pain. It was like putting your fingers on a hot stove. I hissed and pulled them away.
I’m tied to a metal chair with silver handcuffs,‘ I linked Finlay.
‘Fuck! How are your wrists?‘ he asked.
‘They are fine, the cuffs are on top of the blouse I’m wearing. I didn realise it was silver until I started to feel around. Finn, how long have I been gone? I have no sense of time.‘
‘Almost two hours,‘ he told me, I could hear how he was trying to hold it together to make me feel better.
‘I’m in a quite large room, the walls look to be concrete or something. There can’t be too many buildings like that within two hours of the hotel,‘ I said.

‘No, there can’t. I’m talking to the head of the council now. They have given me full access to all their people and resources. I will find you, Red. I will come for you and I will kill my fucking brother, he told me with so much conviction it caused a tear to fall down my face.
‘I know you will find me. But Finn, we don’t know if this was your brother or not. I haven’t seen who is keeping me here,‘ I told him. I didn’t want him to do something he would regret.
‘I know it’s him. I can feel it in every bone in my body. Just stay with me Red, keep talking to me so I know you are okay!
‘It just doesn’t make any sense for him to grab me. He has to know everyone would suspect him, right? And he has done nothing to stop our mindlink. I mean, it would have made sense if he stuffed me into the back of a car and drove until we couldn’t connect to each other. But he has me set up in this room which obviously is in mindlinking distance to you,‘ I said. I got the sense in our link that Finlay was chuckling.
‘Did you just rate your own kidnapping and give my brother an F?‘ Finlay asked. I had to smile. Having the link to my mate kept the fear and panic at bay.
‘I’m a little insulted they did such a sloppy job,‘ I told him.
‘Don’t be too harsh on them. It makes it easier for me.‘ Somewhere, a door opened and closed. I could hear footsteps.
‘Finn, someone is coming,‘ I told him.
‘Listen to me, Red. You don’t do anything stupid. All you have to do is keep yourself safe and I will find you. Don’t be a smart ass and provoke my brother,’ Finlay said. He knew me too well.
‘I will do my best.‘ The door to the room opened and let in sharp, white light that momentarily blinded me. I turned my head away from the light and closed my eyes. I didn’t want to lose my dark vision.
“Well, looks like she is awake,” someone said. I recognised the voice squinted in its direction and saw the door had been shut. I opened my eyes fully and looked at Finlay’s brother and his former Beta.
“Are you two insane? How stupid can you be? Did Finn get all the brain cells in the family?” I asked. Then I remembered my promise to Finlay and sighed. At least I had kept it for half a minute.
“Shut the fuck up, you bitch!” Karo, the former Beta shouted. I looked at him. He looked like he was about to pop a blood vessel any moment. I switched focus to Ryan. His anger wasn’t as obvious. It was just under the surface, bubbling, seething, and it made me ten times as nervous. 
“Didn’t you like my way of inviting you to some family time?” he asked with a wicked grin. “We are family now, aren’t we? You being mated to that brother of mine and even expecting his pup.” His words made something click in my mind.
‘Finn, you can’t come here. The reason your brother has made it so easy for you is because he wants you here. He has something planned. Stay away,’ I mindlinked my mate.
‘Not going to happen Red. I’m not leaving you there with him. I dont care what he has planned for me. I will get you and our pup to safety,’ he replied. I cursed in my head. He was going to be stubborn and come rushing into this without thinking. I had no one else to mindlink, no one I could ask for help to at least make Finlay think it through before he acted. We should have brought Sam, I thought. We could have let him stay in a camper some distance from the hotel. I just hoped our friends and my brother would help 
1/2
Chapter 125-2
him.
“Hey, I’m not going to stop you from getting your mate. I’m just asking you to take two minutes to think of a plan. This smells like a trap,” he told me. He was right, but it would mean two more minutes Amie had to spend being cuffed to a chair.
“Would you have waited two minutes before rescuing your Luna?” I asked.
“Do as I say, not as I do?” he tried to say.
“I want to get her out of there just as much as you do. But she will heartbroken if her rescue comes at the cost of your life. Don’t do that to my sister,” Elder told me.
“We will get her, but we will do it together and with a plan,” James added.
“Fine!”
“First things first. Head councilman, do you agree Alpha Finlay is in his right to kill anyone who has kidnapped and harmed his Luna and unborn pup?” Alpha Lars asked.
“Without hesitation. To harm any pregnant wolf is a crime punishable by death. Kidnapping a Luna also has a death sentence,” the head of the council agreed.
“Good, then we don’t have to stop you and wait for a trial,” Alpha Lars cheerfully said. The plan, if you could call it that, took us five minutes to put together. We all set off for the basement.
‘Red, we are coming to get you,‘ I mindlinked her.
‘Be careful, Finn,‘ she answered. I scoffed. My brother and his former Beta may have been built like brick walls, but neither of them had the primal need to protect their mate and pup running in their veins. I did, my wolf was just under the surface, pushing me forward, lending me his senses and strength. We stepped off the elevator into the basement and a group of the warriors took the lead. It rubbed me the wrong way, but I could see why it was the best choice. They moved with determination through the corridor, opening doors as they passed them. The leader stopped and pointed at the floor. If he hadn’t pointed it out, I wouldn’t have seen the thin wire at ankle height. One warrior took a moment to investigate it, then he used a claw to cut it. He pointed high up on the
wall.
“Probably wolfsbane or silver solution,” he whispered. I looked at the small device on the wall with a spray nozzle. I held back the growl. We continued forward and found three more traps. I knew if I would have rushed down here on my own, I would most likely have triggered all four of them. Even if they wouldn’t have killed me, I would have been weak when I reached Amie.
‘Red, can you talk to my brother or something? We need to pinpoint where you are,‘ I mindlinked her. I held up my hand to let everyone know to stop. I heard a low murmur coming from a couple of doors down. As one, we started moving again, everyone being on the lookout for more traps.
“What the fuck did you just say to my Alpha?” I heard Karo yell.
“He isn’t your Alpha any longer. He isn’t anyone’s Alpha. Soon he won’t be nothing more than a wet stain on the floor,” I heard Amie say. Both Elder and I groaned.
I thought we agreed you wouldn’t provoke them, love,‘ I reminded her.
Sorry, it was an accident. Wait, you could hear that?‘ she asked.
‘I’m almost there. Elder and James are with me. They will look after you until I have finished the business with my brother,‘ I told
seeing that side of me.
her. ‘You might want to close your eyes,‘ I added, as I didn’t like the idea of b
Love, I’m not scared of you. I have told you before. I’m not going to miss you tearing that piece of filth limb from limb.‘ I smiled at
1/2
Chapter 126-2 
the blood thirst in her voice. knew that if my brother hadn’t knocked her unconscious and used silver on her, he would already be dead. The thought made me grin. We had arrived at the door and when everyone was ready, a warrior kicked the door in and stepped to the side. I was first to go through the open door, Karo came at me full speed. I slashed him with my claws and sidestepped him. Elder was the second in through the door and he engaged the former Beta, James and the warriors headed for Amie. I had my sight set on my brother. He stood halfway between me and Amie.
“Brother, you came,” he said, sounding happy.
“Shut the fuck up.” I growled.
“It’s time we settle this the right way. Winner takes both packs and Hoth mates. I won’t promise to keep that pup alive. But at least we know your mate will produce pups,” he told me. Red coloured my vision as my wolf roared and I attacked my brother.
###Battle of Fate 139
to
got me Amie back. Most of all I wanted kill my brother. I knew he was behind was ready to kill someone, anyone, as long as all of this, I had known it from the moment Jonas and I wondered what took so long in the bathroom and tried to mindlinked our mates. And failed. The panic I felt in that moment surpassed anything I had experienced before. Barging into the women’s bathroom to find Beatrice out cold on the floor and not a trace of Amie had set my world spinning. The roar that had been torn from my chest had the windows shaking and the council’s warriors flocking to the bathroom. As Jonas had tried to wake his mate, I had done my best not to destroy the bathroom or shift into my wolf. Amie needed me and I couldn’t, turn into a mindless beast. As the head of the council had understood the situation, one luna injured and one missing, he had mobilised every resource the council had to find Amie. Elder had not left my side since he learned what had happened. All our allies had offered their support, but what could they do? We were all here without warriors. Luckily, the council had heirs. A virtual army was put in my hands to direct as I pleased. I just didn’t know what to do with them. I had no idea where Amie was. When she mindlinked me after two hours, it was like pulling in air into my lungs after being underwater.
“I need to know every building within a two–hour radius of this hotel!” I demanded in the conference room that had become the command centre in the search for my mate.
“Yes, Alpha,” someone called back.
“Amie?” Elder asked. I nodded as I was occupied with mindlinking her.
“She is mindlinking me,” I told him. His relief was visible.
“Finlay, over here,” James called out. He stood at a large monitor. As I walked over to it, I saw it was a map over the area with the hotel in the centre.
“There are five buildings you can get to within two hours,” a warrior explained and five dots showed up on the map. “Four of them are guest cabins the hotel guests can rent to go glamping. The last one is a warehouse,” he explained.
“Not the cabins. Amie said the room was made of concrete,” I told them.
“That rules out the warehouse as well, it is made of corrugated metal,” the warrior said.
“What? But that leaves us with nothing?” I said. Amie had confirmed the one who had taken her was my brother and she had asked, me to stay away. Fat chance of that ever happening. I would get her and our pup to safety. I would leave her for a couple of minutes with Elder while I killed my brother and then we would go back home and she would never leave our pack land ever again. The last part was maybe something we needed to talk about, and I was almost certain I would lose the argument, but I would do my best to win. I just needed to find her. It hit me in an instant and I felt like an idiot.
‘Amie, tell me if you can hear this,‘ I mindlinked her. Then I channelled all my wolf’s fear, panic and frustration and let out another
roar.
“Alpha, please, you will trigger all the alphas in this hotel and that would be bad,” the head of the council told me.
‘That was one mighty roar, love. I think Karo just wet his pants,‘ Amie linked back.
“She is still in the hotel!” I shouted,
“What?” Elder said.
“But I can’t scent her,” James ed. I didn’t even bother to growl at him for trying to scent my mate out, because he was right. We had all tried to get a trace of Amie to follow and since we didn’t get one, we had assumed she had been taken from the hotel. At least I wasn’t the only idiot.
“Does the hotel have windowless rooms?” I asked the head of the council,
1/2
Chapter 126-1 
“Yes, we have storage rooms in the basement which have no window” he said. Basement it was, I sprinted towards the dont
“Finlay!” I heard Elder and James call out as one. Before I could read the door, it was blocked by Alpha bars.
“Get out of the way or I will tear your head off your shoulders,” I growled.
AL
###Battle of Fate 140
I was prepared for a long fight. It had taken me all my wits and skill to beat him a year earlier. But I hadn’t counted on the primal alpha rage. I avoided his first attack, took a hold of his head, twisted and pulled. It separated from his body in a tearing, snapping sound. My wolf roared again, this time in victory. The next second I was on my knees in front of Amie. Someone had released the silver shackles around her arms and legs and she was smiling at me with tears in her eyes.
“Are you okay? Are you hurt?” I asked. My hands went over her body her arms, her legs. Gently checking her out, looking for injuries.
“I’m fine. I’m okay,” she told me over and over again. When I was sure she was okay, I pulled her face down and kissed her. I let all my emotions into the kiss. My fear, anger, relief, and love. She responded with just as much desperation. We pulled apart because a lack of air. I stood up and lifted her into my arms.
“Thank you,” I said to James who had stood to the side the moment had rushed to get to Amie. I knew he had been the one who made sure she was freed.
“Anytime,” he said with a nod. I turned around and saw Elder more or less covered in blood. The sight had me stunned.
“You’re okay, sis?” he asked as if he didn’t have blood dripping from his light brown hair.
“I am. Thank you for coming. Are you okay?” Amie asked him back.
“Never been better.” I made a mental note not to piss neither the brother nor the sister off. We all walked out of the room, leaving the cleaning for the council. I had one goal, get Amie to our room. She had put her head on my shoulder and both me and my wolf took comfort in her closeness. As we stepped out of the elevator on the top floor, the head of the council and a woman I had never seen before stood waiting. I growled and got a poke in my chest from Amie.
“Sorry about that, head councilman. Emotions are running high,” Amie told him. I snorted.
“No need, Luna. I’m happy to see you’re safe and judging by the state of your mate, the culprit has been dealt with,” he said. Amie
smiled a tired smile.
“He has, and his former Beta,” she told him. He nodded.
“This is healer Aria. I thought she could be of help to check you, and the pup,” the man said.
“Thank you. That is very kind of you. We would happily accept her help. Right Finn?” Amie asked, looking pointedly at me. I didn’t want a stranger near Amie, I didn’t want her in our room. But it did make sense to have Amie and the pup checked out and it would take us time to get home.
“Yes,” I reluctantly said. I got another poke from Amie. “Thank you,” added.
“Don’t mention it. I will wait out here,” the head of the council said I unlocked the door and walked inside with Amie, the healer trailing behind. I put Amie down on the couch.
“May I?” Aria asked. I grunted and stood a little to the side, holding Amie’s hand. The healer examined her and hooked a monitor to her belly. A steady, whooshing, sound was heard. “You are doing fine. I can’t see any lasting effects on whatever was used on you. You have no scent, I’m not sure why and if it will fade or not. I’ll look into it. Otherwise you, and the pup, are healthy and strong. I would advise you to rest. Take a shower and then head to bed. Stay there for at least a day. You can go up to use the bathroom, but no more. After that, you are free to move around as usual. Let your body tell you when you need to rest,” Aria told us. 
“Thank you,” Amie said and I grunted. “I’m sorry, he usually has quite good manners.” The healer smiled and excused herself. I was torn. I didn’t want to leave Amie, but I did want to make sure the healer was gone and lock the door. I gave in to my need to keep us safe and made sure we were alone and locked in. When I turned around, Amie had stood up.
“What are you doing!?” I asked. She looked at me like I was insane.
“I’m following the healer’s orders, I thought you would like me not arguing.”
“I do,” I said as I walked up to her. “But you shouldn’t be walking around,” I added as I lifted her into my arms. She smiled at me and looked like she was about to kiss my cheek, but scrunched her se,
“We both need a shower, we might as well take one together. I’m suspecting my brother will check in on us sooner rather than later,” she said. As I liked the first part of her plan I headed for the bathroom.
“Can’t we just pretend not to be home?” I asked. She laughed and it warmed my heart.
“No we can’t. I think it would cause more problems. Now put me down. I need to undress. I suggest we put the clothes in the sink for now and then throw them out.” As I gently placed Amie down, I got a look at myself in the mirror and almost took a step away from the image. I understood why she hadn’t kissed me. I was not as blood covered as Elder had been, but I wasn’t far off. A light spray of red covered most of my upper body with splashes in places. Yeah, my clothes were a lost cause, I agreed. We stripped naked and stepped into the shower. It was our third go at it, and this time we turned on the right sprays on the second go. I washed off quickly and then spent a long time washing every inch of Amie’s skin. I wanted any trace of my brother off her and I could check for injuries as I went. The longer we spent in the shower, the more I noticed Amie’s scent returning. I pulled her to me and nuzzled my nose into her neck. She giggled as I took in her scent.
“You smell like you again,” I told her. I felt her hands roaming over my back.
“That’s nice,” she said. “Thank you for coming to get me,” she then said, leaning her forehead against my shoulder.
“There was never any other option, Red.”
“I’m sorry you had to kill your brother.”
“I’m not. He wasn’t my brother any longer,” I said and I meant it.
“What should we do about your mother?” Amie asked.
“I don’t know. I’m not sure I want her in our pack.” It was hard for me to say the words, but a big part of me believed she could have prevented a lot of the suffering if she had stood up to my brother.
“We can make sure one of our allies takes her in and gives her a good life,” Amie told me. I hummed. I knew our time alone would
soon be over. Amie had been right in thinking her brother wouldn’t stay away, and I suspected some of our closest allies would drop by as well. We dried off and put on some comfortable clothes. I made sure Amie was comfortable in bed and sent a message to Jake that he should get the top tier ready for a meeting. There was a knock on the door, I kissed Amies forehead and went to open it. It was Elder and the head of the council.
“Is it okay if we see her?” Elder asked.
“Sure,” I agreed. I was on my best behaviour as both Elder and James had been of great help during Amie’s rescue.
“Sis, looking better,” he said as he walked into the bedroom.
“Elder. I can say the same. Red really isn’t your colour, leave that to mom and me,” she told him and they both laughed.
“Luna, you look better and I noticed you have got your scent back,” the head of the council said as we followed Elder into the bedroom. He had taken a seat on the edge of the bed, holding his sister’s hand.
1/2
Chapter 127-2
“Thank you. I feel better and whatever was blocking my scent washed away in the shower,” Amie told him, I wanted to push Elder off the bed and take his seat, but I didn’t think Amie would be impressed by it. Instead, I walked up and stood next to the
nightstand. 
“Have you found something?” I asked the older wolf. He nodded.
Chapter Comments 
Visitor
I’ve enjoyed this story. I’m patiently awaiting new chapters.
Lil’Momma805
ok I’m so happy his. brother is unalived buuuut I just wish he would have suffered waaaaay more. that was a bit anticlimactic
VIEW ALL 2 COMMENTS?
12
###Battle of Fate 141
“What are you doing!?” I asked. She looked at me like I was insane.
“I’m following the healer’s orders, I thought you would like me not arguing.”
“I do,” I said as I walked up to her. “But you shouldn’t be walking around,” I added as I lifted her into my arms. She smiled at me and looked like she was about to kiss my cheek, but scrunched her se,
“We both need a shower, we might as well take one together. I’m suspecting my brother will check in on us sooner rather than later,” she said. As I liked the first part of her plan I headed for the bathroom.
“Can’t we just pretend not to be home?” I asked. She laughed and it warmed my heart.
“No we can’t. I think it would cause more problems. Now put me down. I need to undress. I suggest we put the clothes in the sink for now and then throw them out.” As I gently placed Amie down, I got a look at myself in the mirror and almost took a step away from the image. I understood why she hadn’t kissed me. I was not as blood covered as Elder had been, but I wasn’t far off. A light spray of red covered most of my upper body with splashes in places. Yeah, my clothes were a lost cause, I agreed. We stripped naked and stepped into the shower. It was our third go at it, and this time we turned on the right sprays on the second go. I washed off quickly and then spent a long time washing every inch of Amie’s skin. I wanted any trace of my brother off her and I could check for injuries as I went. The longer we spent in the shower, the more I noticed Amie’s scent returning. I pulled her to me and nuzzled my nose into her neck. She giggled as I took in her scent.
“You smell like you again,” I told her. I felt her hands roaming over my back.
“That’s nice,” she said. “Thank you for coming to get me,” she then said, leaning her forehead against my shoulder.
“There was never any other option, Red.”
“I’m sorry you had to kill your brother.”
“I’m not. He wasn’t my brother any longer,” I said and I meant it.
“What should we do about your mother?” Amie asked.
“I don’t know. I’m not sure I want her in our pack.” It was hard for me to say the words, but a big part of me believed she could have prevented a lot of the suffering if she had stood up to my brother.
“We can make sure one of our allies takes her in and gives her a good life,” Amie told me. I hummed. I knew our time alone would
soon be over. Amie had been right in thinking her brother wouldn’t stay away, and I suspected some of our closest allies would drop by as well. We dried off and put on some comfortable clothes. I made sure Amie was comfortable in bed and sent a message to Jake that he should get the top tier ready for a meeting. There was a knock on the door, I kissed Amies forehead and went to open it. It was Elder and the head of the council.
“Is it okay if we see her?” Elder asked.
“Sure,” I agreed. I was on my best behaviour as both Elder and James had been of great help during Amie’s rescue.
“Sis, looking better,” he said as he walked into the bedroom.
“Elder. I can say the same. Red really isn’t your colour, leave that to mom and me,” she told him and they both laughed.
“Luna, you look better and I noticed you have got your scent back,” the head of the council said as we followed Elder into the bedroom. He had taken a seat on the edge of the bed, holding his sister’s hand.
1/2
Chapter 127-2
“Thank you. I feel better and whatever was blocking my scent washed away in the shower,” Amie told him, I wanted to push Elder off the bed and take his seat, but I didn’t think Amie would be impressed by it. Instead, I walked up and stood next to the
nightstand. 
“Have you found something?” I asked the older wolf. He nodded.
Chapter Comments 
Visitor
I’ve enjoyed this story. I’m patiently awaiting new chapters.
Lil’Momma805
ok I’m so happy his. brother is unalived buuuut I just wish he would have suffered waaaaay more. that was a bit anticlimactic
VIEW ALL 2 COMMENTS?
###Battle of Fate 142
“After searching the former Alpha’s room and cars and checking his lectronic devices, we can fairly certain say that he planned this in advance. Well, let me correct myself. He was planning something. We can’t say if Luna Amie was always the target, or even if a kidnapping was the original plan. But no one travels with the kind of things we have found if they aren’t planning something violent. We have found more traps containing wolfsbane, meters worth of silver chains, liquids our scientists are analysing as we speak and explosives. We have sent a squadron of warriors to his old pack. His Luna and Gamma and any warriors will be interrogated to see if they know what his plan was.” As I listened to the head of the council talk, I was grateful my brother hadn’t used everything he brought with him.
“Please be gentle when you are talking to his former Luna. She’s an mega and I can’t see her life in the pack having been easy,” Amie said. The head of the council nodded.
“You have too big of a heart, little sister,” Elder said. I agreed with him.
“No such thing. We should be kind to those who need it,” Amie ed. At the same time her stomach growled.
“I think that is the signal for us to leave. Thank you for letting me see her,” Elder said.
“Of course,” I said. As I walked them out, I turned to the head of the council. “As soon as it’s safe for Amie to travel, I’m taking her home. We will probably leave midday tomorrow,” I told him. He nodded.
“I understand. It will be sad to see you go, but I don’t think anyone would have done differently. The Luna needs to feel safe and nothing does it like being surrounded by her pack,” he told me.
“Thank you for understanding.”
“I will come by and see you in the morning and say goodbye,” Elder said. I closed the door after them and walked back to the bed. Amie was already on the phone placing our order to the kitchen and as I listened, I wondered if she was planning on inviting all the Alphas up to join us.
“I’m hungry, so I may have ordered a little too much,” she said as she hung up.
“That’s okay, that way I have a chance to have some as well,” I told her and gave her a gentle kiss. 
“So we are leaving?” she asked.
“We are. There is no point in you arguing about it. I have made up my mind.”
“I won’t argue. I actually really want to go home.” She sounded so frail it tore at me. I lifted the covers and got under them together with her. She curled up against me and I held her tight.
n
“We will go home, my aunt will make a fuss about you staying in bed and cooking all of your favourite food. Medow and Shelly will bring the pups and gossip. Sam will tell us he told us so and camp outside our bedroom for a month and then we will all feel a lot better,” I told her. She let loose a small sob.
“I really, really don’t like going on the council planned activities,” she told me. I couldn’t help but to chuckle.
“Don’t judge them too harshly. I found my mate at last year’s Games I reminded her.
“True, they have redeeming qualities.” The food arrived and it looked like my little mate had ordered one of every dish on the menu. I made sure she reached all the food from where she sat in bed and let her eat. I ate the dishes she clearly rejected and was happy just watching how satisfied she was. 
Mph. I don’t think I can ever eat again. I think I overdid it,” she huffed as she had finished. I smiled as I cleared the rest of the food. We had managed to empty almost every plate between the two of us. “Time for a restroom break.” I put the plates back on the 
1/2
Chapter 128-1
cart and placed it outside the foom and got back into the bed. Amie bined me and I took out my phone. 
“We need to tell them back home what has happened,” I said. Amie Hodded and we called the top tiers. The outrage and concern on their faces made me miss our pack even more.
“I’m coming to you,” Sam said.
###Battle of Fate 143
“No need. Once Amie has rested we are coming home. She needs to be around the pack and we have things to deal with. The fallout of what my brother has done will need to be dealt with.”
“I can’t believe the old pack is gone,” Jake said.
“I know. Could you please inform the pack and tell them we are coming home early. You don’t need to tell them why. We will do that when we get back,” I said. We talked a little about what we could expect and how to handle it. As we hung up, Amie put her
hand on mine.
“Time to call Matilda,” she said. I nodded. I wasn’t looking forward to this conversation. We called her and started by telling her about the council’s and the alphas‘ decision. She looked heartbroken. Then we told her the rest.
“You killed him?” she asked after I told her how Amie had confirmed it was my brother who had kidnapped her.
“I did,” I told her.
–
“Good. He was family, but someone needed to stop him. I’m sorry it had to be you,” she told me. Her response was so much like Amie’s it had me stunned into silence for a moment.
“He thinks people will judge him for killing his brother,” Amie told my aunt and kissed my jaw. How had she known that? We hadn’t talked about it. Then she was Amie. She knew me better than I knew myself sometimes.
“That’s just crazy talk. No one will care about that,” my aunt said.
“I agree. We will have to make sure he sees reason,” Amie told her.
“I am present and part of this conversation,” I said, snapping out of my own thoughts.
“You did good, Finlay. Both as an Alpha and as a mate. Ryan knew what he was risking when kidnapping a pregnant Luna. Don’t linger on it. We have other things to think about. I will call my sister and talk to her. By the time you get back home, I will have news for you,” she said. We said goodbye and then Amie and I sat in silence for a while.
“Last call, sweetheart,” I said.
“Who?” she asked.
“Your parents.” 
“Do we have to? They will be worried,” she ed.
“Do you think Elder and James won’t tell them?” I asked.
“Fuck, you are right. Unless I swear them to silence! I have dirt on both of them,” she told me. I smiled and kissed her nose. My phone rang and it was her dad.
“I think it’s too late for that,” I said and answered.
I’m so gonna tell mom it was those two who stole the cake she had made for the pack cake baking contest,‘ she mindlinked me. Amies parents looked upset and worried. As Elder had already talked to them they knew the background story, which was nice to not have to tell it a third time.
“I’m sorry, I let Amie down and I failed as a mate. I should have kept her safe,” I told them. I got an elbow in the side by Amie.
1/2
Chapter 128-2
“Don’t say things like that,” she hissed.
“But it’s true.”
“I think you should listen to my daughter, she knows what she is talking about,” Amie’s mom said.
“Yes. You did what you could and made sure she wasn’t alone. Even you had gone with her to the bathroom, you would probably have been knocked out as well. My pumpkin knows what she is saying,” her dad agreed.
“Thank you.”
“And I’m fine. The healer has checked on both me and the pup and we are doing well. I’m a little tired, but that is most probably because I just ate my double bodyweight in food,” Amie said. Both her parents laughed. “We will be going home tomorrow. There are things to do as our pack was close to the Ocean Shore pack. It will be affected by what has happened.”
“I think that is the right decision. Go home and get some rest. Call me when you are home and have the time. And Finlay, thank you dear for protecting my little girl. I’m sorry you had to fight your own brother,” Amie’s mom said.
“I would do it again if I had to,” I told her. Both her parents nodded happily. When Amie tried to hide a yawn they smiled and said goodbye. Amie and I got ready for bed and as she snuggled up next to me, I put my hand on her belly and enjoyed the closeness and
scent of my mate.
###Battle of Fate 144
Finlay was extra fussy and protective as we got ready to head home. should probably put a stop to it, but I needed it just as much as he did to settle my nerves. Yesterday had been too close for my liking and it was why I didn’t to his fussing or the fact that we were heading home after just two and a half days at the alpha meeting.
“Ready to go?” he asked as he grabbed our bags.
“Ready,” I confirmed. He opened the door and then put his free arm round me. I put my arm around him as well, it allowed me to be close to him..
“I texted Elder and he will be waiting in the lobby to say goodbye,” nlay told me.
“Thank you,” I said and kissed his jaw. In the lobby it wasn’t just Elder who waited for us. James, Jonas and Beatrice were also there.
“Beatrice! How are you doing?” I asked and took a step forward to give her a hug. She smiled back at me.
“I’m fine. I don’t have any lasting symptoms. How about you?” she asked.
“I’m fine as well.” We took a moment to say goodbye to everyone. I was happy the last tention between James and Finlay was gone. James had changed for the better after his mating. I could see the young version of him come through, and he looked relaxed. He
even laughed. I was happy he was happy. Elder gave me a long hug.
“Please just stay in your house and keep any urges of doing brave things at bay. If you keep scaring me like this I will start going grey. Becky will hate you,” he told me. I laughed.
“I will do my best. And grey foxes are sexy,” I said and ruffled his hair. He chuckled and tried to ruffle my hair. Years of practice made it easy for me to avoid his hand.
“I will make sure she doesn’t get any bright ideas. I plan on giving her all the paperwork that needs to be done. I may have fallen a little bit behind,” Finlay said. Everyone laughed. It was a little sad to say goodbye to our friends. We had a good group of allies. I was still happy to get into the car with Finlay. The first hour we sat in silence mostely, each of us occupied with our own thoughts. As always it was a comfortable silence and Finlay was holding my hand. He let go of it and pulled out a bread roll from his pocket.
7 
“Hungry?” he asked. I looked at the bread and started laughing so hard I had tears rolling down my face and I had a problem catching my breath. He looked at me with worry.
“Like a food magician,” I wheezed. He chuckled and pulled the car over so he could face me.
“Are you okay?” he asked and wiped a tear from my face.
“I’m fine, I really am. I needed a good laugh. Thanks, love,” I told him and leaned over to kiss him. He looked happy as we drew
apart.
“So, is that a yes or a no on the bread roll?” he asked.
“A yes,” I said and snatched it from him. He laughed happily and we continued on our way.
When we crossed onto the pack land I smiled and felt almost giddy, inlay must have felt it through our bond as he looked at me and smiled. I mindlinked Matilda and I could feel how relieved and happy he was. The top tier and Matilda stood waiting outside our house. As soon as I got out of the car, Matilda, Medow and Shelly were hugging me.
“It’s good to have the both of you home again,” Matilda said as she gave Finlay a hug.
“It’s good to be home,” Finlay told her.
1/2
Chapter 129-1
“You two should get some rest,” Matilda said. I looked at Finlay. We had talked during the drive and our nerves had calmed down. We were ready to deal with reality.
“I think it’s better that the three of us have a talk,” I said, hooking my arm with hers.
“Yes, come inside and we will have a family meeting,” Finlay agreed. The others understood, they knew we would make time to talk to them and the pack later. Matilda and I sat down on the couch and Finlay sat on the coffee table, facing us. He took out two apples from his pocket and handed one to me and held the other ou for Matilda. “An apple?” he asked. The look on her face made me giggle.
###Battle of Fate 145
“He has taken on the role of my personal snack dispenser. He always has fruit or a tasty snack in his pocket,” I told her. She smiled but turned the apple down.
“Did you get a hold of Tamara?” I asked Matilda, and then took a bite out of the apple.
“I did. From what she told me the pack didn’t take the news of what happened at the Alpha meeting well. Apparently, the council warriors arrived the same day everything went down. She didn’t say, but I think it saved the few women left. She and Sarah, Ryan’s mate, have been detained for now to answer questions about his plans. Tamara, swears she had no idea about what he was planning. I believe her,” Matilda said. I nodded and took her hand in mine.
“Does she know what happened? Everything?” Finlay asked.
“She does,” Matilda told him. He nodded and looked down at his hands. I put the half eaten apple down and placed my freehand on top of his.
“What did she say?” he hesitantly asked.
“Ryan was her son, she is heartbroken,” Matilda told him. He nodded but I knew that wasn’t what he had asked about. I squeezed Matilda’s hand and she looked at me. I nodded. “She is upset we ended up where she has fought so many years not to end up. With one of her sons killing the other. All of this pack business and the animosity in the family started because she tried to avoid this.”
“She is angry,” he said. He was breaking my heart and I wished he wouldn’t care what his mother thought or felt, but I also knew that parental approval was deeply rooted. I let go of Matilda’s hand and stood up next to Finlay. I cradled his head with one arm, forcing him to lean it against my stomach.
“She isn’t angry. She is just sad and upset,” Matilda said, giving me an approving smile. Then there was a pause.
“There is more,” I said. It wasn’t a question.
“Yes. When the council releases Tamara and Sarah, they don’t have anywhere to go. Tamara wanted to come here,” Matilda said.
“No.” Finlay was trying his best to shake his head as I held it.
“Finn,” I gently said.
“No. I don’t trust them. I almost lost you both a couple of days ago and I’m not planning on going through that again,” he said.
“Do we know when they will be released?” I asked.
“Probably later today,” Matilda said.
“That doesn’t give us much time to arrange for something else. Especially with the alphas still in the alpha meeting,” I said.
“Fine. They can stay but only for a week. It will take them a day to get here and then they can stay a week while we arrange for a permanent placement,” Finlay said.
“Are you sure? We can always book a hotel room in the closest city for them,” relaxed against me.
Suggested. He sighed, put his arms around me, a
and
“I’m sure. I don’t trust them, but for a week I can deal with it.” I hoped the week would give him a chance to resolve some of the lingering issues with his mother. Maybe now that his brother was gone, they could create some bond or relationship. Or maybe just talk it through to give them both closure.
1/2
Chapter 129-2
“Okay, let’s do that then,” I agreed and kissed the top of his head. It was a rare treat for me to be taller than him.
“I will arrange it,” Matilda told us and got up.
“Get Jake to help with booking the travel and arrange for someone to pick them up from the airport,” Finlay said, Matilda hummed. gave Finlay a kiss on his head and me an awkward hug as Finlay was already embracing me, and left. “What’s next? Finlay asked. He was still leaning on me and I didn’t mind. I ran my fingers through his hair.
“We can take a break and do nothing,” I said. He chuckled.
“Your mom is a liar,” he told my belly. “She has never been able to do nothing.” I laughed. It was mostly true. The only time I was content with just doing nothing and enjoying the moment was when Finlay and I took time for ourselves.
“Well, if you insist we do something, it might be a good time to ask the ones we have taken in to have a talk. They have some decisions they need to make,” I told him. He kissed my bump and stood up.
“Good idea,” he said.
###Battle of Fate 146
We met with the families in the pack house living room, everyone else had been asked to give us some privacy.
“You have heard what has happened. The Ocean Shore pack no longer exists and my brother is dead. You don’t have the option to go back. I’m sorry, I know this is hard, and the old pack land and how it used to be will always be a part of us,” Finlay told them. It was sober faces who nodded at his words.
“You need a new pack,” I said. “We would be more than happy to have you in our pack. Most of you have ties to this pack and we have enjoyed having you these months. If you feel like this isn’t the right pack for you, we will help you find another. All our allies are open to taking you into their packs,” I told them.
“We are not asking you to decide today. But it would be best for everyone if you did make a decision in the coming weeks. Mine and Amie’s door is always open if you have questions or need to talk to us,” Finlay said. We talked with them and answered questions they had. Then we let them go on their way to discuss what to do. Martin’s family lingered and I smiled at Bridget.
“Alpha, Luna, we have been talking for weeks about this and we would like to become permanent members of this pack,” Kyle said.
“We have felt so welcome here and it reminds all of us how it used to be in the old pack. We feel safe here,” Bridget said.
“It’s almost as if Martin is watching over us here, it’s comforting,” Martin’s mother said and his sister nodded.
“We are happy to take the money we will get from the selling of the pack land and buy the house we live in,” Kylie told us.
“We would be happy to have you. You fit into our pack and we would love to make it permanent,” I said.
“And the house is yours. As Martin’s closest family it should fall to you. No money is needed to exchange hands. The money can be used for other things,” Finlay said.
“I have always wanted to open a flower shop,” Bridget told us.
“Oh, we don’t have one of those in the village!” I was excited about the idea, maybe I could talk to her and see if she was interested in expanding her idea into something like a garden centre. Then I didn’t need to go all the way into the closest human town to get things for my garden.
“I will become your first and most loyal customer. Amie has a thing for flowers,” Finlay told her. The family thanked us and we told them Medow would be in touch with them to plan the bloodening. We headed for the meeting room where the rest of the top tier waited for us. As we sat down, Finlay fished an energy bar out of his pocket and handed it to me. I smiled and accepted it. We talked with the group for a long while. It was a mix of sadness and relief in the air. Medow, and I were the only two who had never been a part of the Ocean Shore pack. All the others had been born and raised in the pack and needed to grieve its destruction, At the same time, we were all happy not to have what had happened in the pack in the last year hanging over us. Grieving was the first step in moving on.
It was nice to get into our bed, in our house, at the end of the day. I let Finlay pull me into him.
“Do you feel better?” I asked. He chuckled and kissed me.
“I should be asking you, but yes. I feel a lot better. I’m starting to come to terms with killing him. I don’t feel any remorse about it and I’m getting to terms with my lack of guilt as well,” he told me. let my fingers trace his face.
###Battle of Fate 147
“Good. I’m not sorry he is gone either. I’m happy you are here, that ur pup is here and that we all are home.” I knew it might cause issues when Finlay’s mother and his brother’s mate came. But I was ready to kick them out of the pack the second they tried to make Finlay feel bad about what he did. He had been protecting me and our pup and I would happily return the favour.
Late afternoon the next day, Finlay and I got a mindlink from the guard at the gate. Finlay’s mother and Sarah had just entered the pack land.
“We better go and greet them,” I said, holding out my hand towards him. He took it and followed me as he mindlinked his aunt. The three of us watched as the car with our two warriors and the two women drove into the village and up to the pack house. Tamara looked older and tired. It wasn’t hard to see the past year had been hard on her. The other woman who stepped out of the car, Sarah, looked terrified. In a way I could understand her. She was an Omega who had mated the worst kind of Alpha. She had to leave her own pack and had been stranded in the Ocean Shore pack ever since. I didn’t know what she had been through during her time in that pack, but I guessed it wasn’t the most pleasant experience. Now she was forced to another pack, one where the Alpha had killed her mate. Again, I knew nothing about her relationship with Ryan. If she had loved him, meeting the man who killed him must be hard. For the first time, I questioned why she hadn’t gone back to her original pack, now when she could.
“Tamara, welcome,” I said and smiled at my mother–in–mating.
“Amie, thank you. You look absolutely radiating,” Tamara told me and a tired smile came across her face. She reached out to hug me but Finlay pulled me in behind him as he took a step to place himself between me and our guests.
“No touching,” he told them. Matilda gave me a look and then walked up and gave her sister a hug. I knew what the look meant; deal with him while I distract the guests.
‘Finn, I know you are on edge, but she isn’t going to squeeze me to death,‘ I mindlinked him.
‘Stranger things have happened,‘ he answered.
‘I will be careful,‘ I promised. I walked around him and stopped by his side again. When he didn’t react and Matilda had hugged her sister, I did a new attempt and walked up to Tamara and gave her a quick hug and then returned to Finlay’s side. He put his arm around my shoulders.
“This is Sarah,” Tamara said. We all nodded towards her and she visibly shrank when our focus was on her. Tamara placed her hand on the young woman’s back.
“Welcome. We have arranged two rooms for you in the pack house,” I told them. Sarah looked terrified by the mere suggestion. I wondered how she would survive a week with us.
“Would it be too much trouble for us to share a room?” Tamara asked. 
“Not at all,” I said, thinking it would be the best thing. I mindlinked a pack member to ask them to put a new room in order and then tell Matilda which one.
“We thought it would be nice with a family dinner tonight. It has been too long since last time. Amie and Finlay will cook for us,” Matilda said. She skipped the part where both Finlay and I were hesitant to have the two women amongst the pack. We wanted to make an evaluation of them first. Family dinner was a nice excuse.
“Sounds lovely,” Tamara agreed. Matilda took the guests to show them the pack house and get them settled in. I took Finlay home to make sure he calmed down before he needed to use sharp s to cook.
1/2
###Battle of Fate 148
I made sure Amie was seated between me and my aunt as we sat down to have dinner. The tension was clear and Sarah looked at me like I was a monster. In her world, I probably was. Amie, my aunt and mother tried their best to keep a conversation going. They stayed away from anything that had to do with my brother, with Amie being pregnant and with the council, which didn’t leave much. Sarah and I mostly stayed silent. It seems that she was afraid at least to me. As for me, I was trying to deal with my emotions that were popping up like pimples on a teenager. It was clear how close my mother was with Sarah. She protected her and was constantly checking on her. Apparently I wasn’t as over the favouritism of my brother, and in extension, his mate as I had thought. Because it rubbed me the wrong way how close my mother was with Sarah, and she hadn’t even taken time to congratulate me and Amie on having a pup. Or bothered to reach out to Amie to talk at all in the year we had been mated. The next thing that irritated me to no end was how we were expected to ignore the fact Amie was pregnant. No one had mentioned it. Not even in passing. It made me feel like my pup was unimportant, that the life mie and I had created was no big deal. When in reality it was everything. It was one of the biggest miracles and gifts I had ever received. When I felt myself almost reaching the boiling point, Amie smiled at me and leaned in and kissed my cheek. I couldn’t help myself but to smile back. I felt my anger diminish to a simmering stew.
“Amie this fish is amazing,” My mother said and plated some more of it to Sarah.
“Thank you. But it’s actually Finn who both caught it down in the river when he was fishing with Jake and Mari and then cooked it,” Amie said.
“You know how to cook?” my mother asked me, unable to hide her surprise.
“When I mated it seemed like a reasonable skill to learn. Amie and I always wanted a family and I knew I had to do my part. I can’t just expect Amie to cook all the time. It has already come in handy. There are days when the little one takes more of Amie’s energy than usual,” I said, placing my hand on Amie’s bump. I wasn’t going to play by their rules. “It’s nice to be able to spend those afternoons at home. ‘I can make sure she takes a nap while I make us dinner.”
“He is spoiling me,” Amie told them. “He even asked my mom to teach him to make some of my favourite childhood dishes.” I just kissed her hair. Spoling Amie was my favourite pastime. My mother looked at me like she didn’t know who I was. In a way
din’t. Saa looked at me with big eyes. After that, the conversation flowed a little better. I had an easier time to keep my ons 
under control. I could feel Amie was holding something back, I just didn’t know if it was for my sake or because of something else. It was a big relief when the dinner was over and my aunt took my mother and Sara back to the pack house. I pulled Amie into my arms and kissed her. After the kiss she let go of her feelings and to my astonishment, it was anger she had been holding back. White hot blazing anger. I just stared at her for a long time.
“Red?” I asked.
“I don’t like it, okay?” she said.
“Okay. What is it you don’t like, sweetheart?”
“I don’t like how she makes you feel. I know how you struggled at the beginning of the evening and it makes me furious! And t don’t like how they pretend we’re not having a pup. How your mother ignored her grand pup and I hate how upset it’s making you,” she explained and I felt her anger build as she spoke. If I could have claimed her as my mate a second time, I would have done it in that second. Instead, I drew her in for a heated kiss and I kept kissing her until we both needed air.
###Battle of Fate 149
“It’s one week,” I said after we both caught our breath.
“Right. We can keep from killing them for one week,” she agreed. I d to laugh.
“I think your pregnancy hormones are acting up again, Red. Do I need to mindlink Shelly to come over and work her magic?” I asked. Shelly had been named the pregnant wolf whisperer of the pack. After having three pups of her own, which was a lot for a werewolf, she was familiar with what hormones and feelings
ings could do when mixed. More than once was she the only thing standing in between a pregnant wolf and the destruction of the world. Amie giggled.
“I think I will be okay without her. Let’s put the dishes into the washer and stroll around the garden for a bit. It will calm
“Or, we can put the dishes in the washer and then work off some of the frustration with wild sex,” I suggested.
“No wonder you are the Alpha, love. You have the best ideas,” she told me and kissed me.
us down.”
The following day we all met up to eat breakfast in the pack house. was on high alert, not only was I watching how my mother and Sara behaved around Amie, but I also kept an eye on how they interacted with the pack. My mother had once been the Luna for many of the people in my pack. Some of them came up to greet her and exchange a few words, but most were happy just giving her a nod in passing. They were picking up on the tension between us and it was clear whose side they were on. While they gave my mother a polite nod, they would smile at Amie and stop and talk to her, asking how she was feeling, if there was anything they could do for her or just to say hi. It didn’t ease the tension at the table, but it eased my irritation. We were finishing up breakfast and I was looking forward to getting away from it all by having a meeting with Jake and Sam about adjusting our border patrols. We had received information that twenty of the remaining members of my brother’s pack had been his closest warriors. I was afraid they might do something stupid, like trying to retaliate for his death. Amie leaned in and gave me a kiss. 
‘I’m sorry about this, but I’m doing it for you,‘ she mindlinked me. Before I could ask what, she had stood up.
“Tamara, I think it’s high time for you to talk to Finn, you can use our office,” Amie said.
“What?” I asked.
“I don’t know. Sarah…” my mother started.
“Sarah and I will be in the pack living room, I will make sure she is safe and that no one bothers her. This is not a request,” Amie insisted. I would have liked to argue, but I knew from the tone of her voice I could argue with her all day and she wouldn’t budge on this. 
“Let’s
go,” I said and stood up. I suppressed the need to sigh and kissed Amie.
‘Don’t let her out of your sight,‘ I mindlinked Sam.
‘Already figured that out,‘ he answered, looking determined. I felt a little better knowing we were in our pack, surrounded by wolves I trusted. Still, I didn’t want to let Amie out of my sight. She gave me a smile which didn’t mask the determination in her eyes. I looked at my mother and indicated for her to follow me as I headed towards my office.
Game of Destiny
###Battle of Fate 150
I took Sarah into the livingroom and made sure she was comfortable on a couch. She had brought her needle work and sat on one end of the couch working on it. I sat down at the other end, giving her some space.
“That is beautiful, you are very talented,” I said after a while.
“Thank you. Tamara taught me when I first mated her son,” Sarali said.
“And you are already this good at it? Impressive. Aunt Matilda has tried to teach me how to knit, but I don’t have the patience for it. After a while, my mind starts to wander and I lose count of where I am. I do like to watch her when she does it. It looks so relaxing,” I told Sarah. It was the longest conversation we had ever had. I had a feeling she wanted to say something, so I waited. I started to feel my intuition was wrong as the silence had dragged on for so long when she finally spoke.
“Alpha Finlay treats you with a lot of kindness,” she said. It was a statement, but she asked it as a question. I smiled as she had brought up one of my favourite subjects, my mate.
“He does,” I confirmed. “I don’t know how much you know about our history,” I said.
“Tamara told me you discovered you were mates quite a while after meeting each other, she never explained why, Sarah said.
“It’s true. We knew each other for six years before our bond clicked in place. He has always treated me well. I had some deep emotional scars when he found me, but I knew after my first weekend here that he was an amazing Alpha and a good wolf. was blessed to get him as my mate. My first mate rejected me, so I know how precious a good one is,” I told her. Her eyes grew big.
“You were rejected?” she asked.
“I was. In front of my entire former pack. It wasn’t a fun experience and it made it hard for me to trust. Finn just has this way of making me feel safe, which is why I got into his stupid truck after talking to him for an hour and letting him take me here. He has always made me feel like I had value, that I could contribute to the pack and that I was important to him.” I looked at Sarah and there was something in her eyes, a shadow of a pain I recognised. It was self doubt and the pain of thinking you weren’t good enough. “Ryan wasn’t like that?” I asked. Sarah looked down at the needle work, she was fidgeting with some loose threads.
was very
“No,” she said in almost a whisper. I let her take her time. “He was very determined. He knew what he wanted and he focused on getting it,” Sarah continued. It was as if she was so used to not speaking ill of her mate she was trying to frame his actions in as good of a light as possible.
“We have heard stories about the new rules from the families we have taken in and those who our allies care for,” I told her. I could see a shiver run down her body.
“I tried to be there for the women, but in the end I couldn’t take it. Listening to their stories. It was just too much for me.” I could hear the tears in her voice and moved to sit next to her so I could comfort her. I understood where she was coming from. I knew how hard it was for me to listen to the stories, and I didn’t need to live in the middle of it. She was also not a strong person. I wondered what the moon goddess was thinking when she paired Sarah and Ryan. Neither was what the other one needed. Then, maybe if things had turned out differently in Ryan’s life he might have benefitted from a soft mate. In the right circumstances, she could have softened his edges and he could have been her strength. There was no use in speculating about it.
“I know it must be hard being here, with Finlay and everything that happened with him and Ryan. Just know that you are safe here.”
“Thank you. You must be relieved now that you are expecting a pup. It will solidify your position with your mate and the pack,” she said, looking at my bump. I should have expected her views to be skewed after being mated to Ryan, but it still caught me off guard.
###Battle of Fate 151
“Well, I’m happy and excited about this little pup. But it has nothing to do with my position. In this pack, a pup is not something that will affect how the pack and definitely not how my mate sees me. Having a pup is a blessing, it’s not a requirement.” I took a breath. “Sarah, you know there are a lot of things that play a part if you get pregnant or not, right?” I asked. She looked uncomfortable, but she looked to be thinking about my question.
“Do you mean how often a woman serves the man?” she asked. I was again taken aback by the choice of words.
“Are we talking about sex?” I asked. Sarah blushed and nodded. I asked the goddess to give me strength. I didn’t really want to have this conversation, but at the same time I felt she needed it. As Luna, had responsibilities, even if Sarah wasn’t part of my pack. “First of all, sex shouldn’t be seen as serving anyone. Sex should be hutual and both should be enjoying it. We can leave it at that. But yes, that plays a part in your chances of becoming pregnant. There are other factors as well.”
“Yes, what time of the month it is,” she said. I nodded.
“True. Also, if you are in an unstable pack or if you don’t feel safe. You won’t become pregnant if your wolf isn’t happy for some reason. We are complicated creatures and the link we have with our wolf is profound. There are aspects of that relationship we don’t understand. We don’t know why some wolves come forth early, while others wait. We think it has to do with strength, but it’s not always the case. We don’t know why werewolves don’t get pregnant if the pack is in unrest, but it’s a fact. Did Ryan blame you because you didn’t have any pups?” I asked. She nodded.
“He told me it was the one thing I was good for and since I couldn’t even manage to do that, I was worthless.”
“Fucking weak, filthy scum!” I said with force. “Sorry, I didn’t mean to scare you, or to insult your mate,” I added as I saw her flinch. “It was Ryan who made the pack into what it became. It was he who didn’t treat you right. The fault was all his,” I told her. She looked at me and I knew she didn’t believe me. She had been mated to Ryan for years. One talk with me wouldn’t erase the years of conditioning he had put her through. The most I could hope for was to plant a seed. “What about your family?” I asked. “What do
they say?”
“Oh I haven’t talked to them since I mated Ryan. He said they would be jealous of me being Luna as they are just regular wolves.” I shook my head.
“What pack are you from?” 
“The Little Lake pack,” she told me. They weren’t our allies, but they had always seemed decent when we had interacted with them. I knew one of our allied packs lived near them.
“Would you like us to reach out to them and ask your family to contact you?” I asked. I could see the longing in Sarah’s eyes.
“I–I don’t know,” she said.
“I’m sure Tamara would agree to take the call with you. You don’t need to do it alone,” I suggested. Sarah hesitantly nodded.
“Yeah, okay, that sounds okay.” After that, we sat in silence as Sarah continued to work on her needlework. The silence wasn’t as uncomfortable as before. We had got a better understanding of each other. I still didn’t know what she thought about her mate’s death. If she mourned him or if it was a relief that he was gone. But had stumbled into one too many conversations about uncomfortable subjects with her today. I was happy not to end up in another. It didn’t take long before Finlay and his mother came into the living room. I walked up to him. He looked better than he had done before their talk, even if they didn’t look to be any
closer.
“How about a fruit cup and then a walk?” he asked me and fished up a cup with canned fruits and a spoon out of his pocket, I laughed. It was getting a little ridiculous, but I loved him for it.
“Deal,” I said. Taking the cup and spoon.
###Battle of Fate 152
1 led
mother to our office and because my aunt had raised me well, I let her enter the room first. She stopped inside the room and looked at the double desk.
“Really?” she asked.
“What?”
“Isn’t that a bit much? The two of you couldn’t have separate desks she asked me. I indicated the visitor’s chair and walked around the desk to take my place. I looked at the empty place next to me and wished it weren’t empty.
“It’s not too much. I ordered this desk when we built the pack house. I have always known what kind of relationship I wanted to have with my mate. With Amie by my side, that idea just makes even more sense,” I told her. She had taken a seat and looked tense.
“Well, your father and I never needed such a thing. The Alpha’s office was his domain. I didn’t need an office.”
“We do things differently. I value Amie’s advice and I enjoy having her close.”
“She does seem to have taken to her role as Luna, not even you ed when she sent us in here,” my mother remarked.
“Why would I? I know she did it for my sake, and that brings me to why we are here. We need to talk.” It had been years since my mother and I had sat down and talked with no one else present. It was sad that I couldn’t even remember when it was or what we had said.
“Please enlighten me. Is this where you ask me and Sarah to stay in the pack? I don’t think that would be in Sarah’s best interest,” she asked. She caught me off guard and I let a chuckle escape me.
“That wasn’t what I wanted to talk about. Luckily, you said no. If you had said yes to your own invitation, this would have been awkward,” I told her.
“Why wouldn’t you invite us to stay? We are your family. I have heard you had Amie’s parents stay for an entire month.”
“Well, that brings me to what I wanted to talk about. You say we are family, but you haven’t once asked how Amy is, despite knowing what she went through only days ago. You haven’t even mentioned we are having a pup, you haven’t congratulated us. It’s your first grand pup and you act like they don’t exist,” I told her. I sounded bitter, and it left a foul taste in my mouth. But I needed to come clean about how I felt.
“It’s a sensitive subject for Sarah,” my mother said. I shook my head in disbelief.
“I’m not asking you to rub it in her face. Both Amie and I understand that she is going through losing her mate and her pack. Can you honestly say that since you got here there hasn’t been a single moment where you could have pulled Amie and me to the side to talk? Just for a minute or two? Heck, you could have said something as you and I walked here, or after we sat down, but you still haven’t. I know I was never your favourite. That’s fine. Well, not really, but I could deal with it. Now you are doing the same to Amie as you did to me when I was a pup. Sarah is getting all your attention and Amie is being shut out. I’m not saying Sarah doesn’t need your support right now, but Amie does too. I thought you liked her? At the Games it seemed as if you were happy to have her in the family.” I vented all of my frustration in one go.
“I do like Amie. She is a good wolf and she is what you need. I’m happy for both of you,” my mother said. It sounded like a pre- recorded message.
###Battle of Fate 153
Thank you, mother. Do you know how embarrassed I am by the way you treat her? You mentioned Amie’s parents, and yes, they stayed for a month. Since the first time I spoke with them, they have treated me with respect and kindness. Since finding out I was their daughter’s mate, they have more or less adopted me as part of their family. When they stayed with us her dad took me out and talked to me about being a father. Her mom made sure to find out I like sweet tea made with lime. Each morning there was a freshly made pitcher waiting for me in the fridge and she would scold both Amie and her father if they snuck a glass of it. They treat me like a son. And what does Amie get? She gets to be ignored by my mother. That is embarrassing and I won’t put her through it. She deserves more,” I told my mother and took a deep breath. The more I thought about it, the more upset I got. “Will it be the same with our pup? If I let you meet them will you ignore them? Will you compare them to the imaginary pups Ryan and Sarah could have had and always find mine lacking? Because if so, you will never set foot anywhere near them.” My mother watched
me. 
“I may have put more time into raising your brother. It doesn’t mean I don’t love you. Ryan was to be the next Alpha. When he was about ten, your father spoke to me. He told me Ryan wasn’t performing as expected. He was not as strong or fast as an Alpha pup his age should be. You were seven at the time and you were already is equal and had already started showing signs you would outperform him. Your father was a traditionalist and had some strong beliefs that the oldest son should inherit the title. He asked for my help. If we both helped Ryan, he would get stronger and better. How could I refuse my mate? How could I not want my son to succeed? Ryan was already so set on being Alpha, even at that age It would have broken his heart if he would have had to give it up,” she explained. I was dumbfounded.
“So that is why the two of you didn’t have time for me? Why aunt Matilda had to step in and raise me?” I asked.
“Yes, We hadn’t expected just how much time we would need to help Ryan become what your father saw as fit to lead the pack. Your father handled the physical training and I took on the responsibility of teaching him how to be strong for the pack. We didn’t see
what we were doing until it was too late,” she said.
“You made his whole world revolve around being strong,” I said, the disdain clear in my voice.
“Yes,” she almost whispered. “We didn’t know that was what we were doing, not until just before the Games eleven years ago. During the meeting where the contestants were to be chosen, Ryan had a huge blowup. Your father wanted one of the older warriors to join the team, as he had a long experience and a good head for tactical thinking. Your brother saw him as weak and old. He wanted Karo to take his place.”
“Is that why Ryan didn’t join the Games that year?” I asked.
“Yes. It was your father’s way of teaching him a lesson. After that we tried our best to sort out our mistakes. Then your father died, and I was left with the responsibility of it all.”
“That explains so much. I could never figure out why Ryan was so obsessed with being strong. Or why you never took the time for
me.”
“You were always strong, both physically and mentally. We knew you’d be fine.” As I listened to my mother, I laughed. It wasn’t a cheerful laugh, it was a hollow one.
“What a mess you and father made of things. In the end this whole mess is on your shoulders. Just because my father couldn’t accept that his second son was stronger than his firstborn. That is why you have always stuck to Ryan, no matter how much me and aunt Matilda have asked you to join us,” I said.
“How could I leave him when I was responsible for what he had become? I couldn’t give up on trying to fix it. Now I take care of Sarah because she has suffered at the hands of your brother. Not like the other females of the pack. No, your brother would never let another man lay with his mate. But the things he told her, the way he kept her locked in the pack house. That is why I put all my energy on her. Amie is strong, just like you. You will be fine without me.”
“Has it ever occurred to you to give me love and attention just because I would like it? Not because I needed it to survive? Do you think Amie needs me to carry around fruits and snacks like a vending machine? Do you think she needs me to protect her from all unknown wolves? No! She is capable of walking to get her own snack I have seen her take down full grown werewolves like it was
1/2
Chapter 133-2
nothing. I don’t do those things because I have to. I do them because I love her and it is my way of showing her I love her.” My mother looked at me like I had said something that changed the way she looked at the world, maybe I had.
“I never thought of it that way,” she said.
“It’s clear you didn’t.” I sighed. “It’s okay mother. I don’t expect you to change. We have been trapped in this relationship for too long. I just needed to get this off my chest. As a bonus I got insights I didn’t have. Thank you for that. You and Sarah are welcome to stay the week as planned. I can see she is weary around me, which is understandable. I won’t force her to be around me. I suspect Amie has a plan for where you can go after the week is over. Thank you for talking to me, but I think I need to head back to my mate. I have been gone far too long,” I said and stood up. My mother walked to the living room with me. I smiled as I saw how happy Amie got over the fruit cup I had brought her. The little things, the small gestures of love, were my favourites. I would do my best to make sure she knew every day how precious she was to me. As we headed out for our walk, she nudged my arm. I got the hint and put it around her.
###Battle of Fate 154
Finlay and I walked through the village as we shared what we had learned during our time apart. We made our way into the works and ended up at our viewpoint.
“How are you doing? That is a lot of information to take in,” I said.
“I’m okay. But I don’t think it has sunk in yet. My worldview is slowly shifting to adapt,” he told me. I put my arms around him and rested my head on his shoulder. He hugged me back. “I feel sorry for my brother. That is something new,” he said after a while.
“I can understand why. It’s sad to think that if your parents had let him be who he was, even if that meant he wouldn’t become Alpha, he would have grown up to become a happy and productive member of the pack.” 
“Yeah. It’s never a good idea when you try to force a square peg into round hole. Now I find myself wondering what he really wanted out of life. What did he like to do? I mourn that I never got to know that part of my brother,” he told me. I could hear the pain in his voice. I rubbed his chest and he looked down at me, “Thank you, Red,” he said. I knew he wasn’t talking about the chest
rub.
“Always,” I simply said and kissed him.
“What are we to do with them?” he asked as I again snuggled into his embrace.
“I was thinking we should reach out to our allies and see if any of them has contact with Sarah’s old pack. If they are willing, maybe the two of them can move to that pack?” I suggested.
“I knew you would have a plan,” he told me.
“I do my best.” We stayed in our spot for a while. As we headed back, we both were in a better mood. “We are in agreement that we won’t force our pup into a role they don’t want or can’t handle, right?” I asked as we were almost home.
“We are in agreement. The only one who will decide what the pup will do, is the pup. We will guide them the best we can,” he agreed. We asked Jake to reach out to our allies and see who had a connection to Little Lake pack. It took us a day and then we found an ally who also was allies with them. They agreed to set a meeting with their Alpha and us. Finlay and I agreed we shouldn’t say anything to his mother or Sarah before the meeting. We didn’t want to get their hopes up. Finaly and I both joined the meeting and after greeting everyone and some polite small talk, Finlay got straight to the point.
“Alpha Marcus, Luna Tina, you know about my brother,” he started and they nodded. Alpha Marcus had been at the alphas‘ meeting. “My brother’s mate, Sarah, is originally from your pack. We are reaching out to see if her family is interested in having contact with her again.
“Oh,” Luna Tina said, looking happy. Her mate smiled at her.
“To be honest, Alpha Finlay, we were hoping that would be the case. Sarah’s family has been worried about her since she mate your brother, and even more so this last year with the stories we heard about the pack. I had been trying to talk your brother in letting Sarah at least talk to her family. I wasn’t successful,” Alpha Marcus told us. I smiled and felt relieved.
“We would love for her to talk to her family, and if she isn’t set on staying in your pack, we would like nothing more than to welcome her back to ours,” Luna Tina said.
“She will be happy to hear that, she isn’t comfortable in our pack. Which is understandable,” I said. “Would it be possible for me to call you Luna Tina and discuss some things?” I then asked. Earning me a look from Finlay. There were parts of Sarah’s story I didn’t want to discuss openly in a meeting. I had given Finlay a summed up version. I thought Luna Tina should know the details to be able to help Sarah.
“Yes, I would be happy to do that,” she agreed.
“My mother has grown close to Sarah. Would it be possible for her to transfer to your pack as well?” Finlay asked.
###Battle of Fate 155
“I have no ion to it,” Alpha Marcus said. We continued to discuss some of the finer points and booked a time the next day for the first call between Sarah and her family. When the meeting was over, Finlay mindlinked Matilda to ask his mother and Sarah to come to our office. We explained the situation and they both looked at us with big eyes.
“I can talk to my parents?” Sarah asked.
“Yes. They have been trying to get in contact with you ever since you left your old pack,” I told her again.
“Thank you,” she mumbled. We talked about the call and that both of them needed to talk with the Alpha and Luna of Little Lake pack, but no one saw an issue with them transferring over. As they got ready to leave, Tamara hesitated and then turned towards
me. 
“How are you doing, Amie?” she asked. The question surprised me and it took me a moment to collect myself.
“I’m fine, thank you, Tamara,” I said.
“Good, stress is never good and especially not when you are pregnant. How is the pup?” I looked up at Finlay, but he looked as surprised as me.
“The pup is well.”
“When is your next check up?”
“Oh, in two weeks,” I told her.
“Would it be okay if you sent me a text letting me know how it went?” she asked.
“I would be happy to. We have decided to find out if it’s a boy or a girl and we will make sure to share the news,” I said.
“Thank you. I will be looking forward to it.” There was a long, awkward silence that I didn’t know how to fill. Then Tamara said goodbye and walked out of our office.
“That was… progress,” I said to Finlay.
“Yes,” he agreed. “What does it mean?” he then asked.
“I don’t know, love. Maybe she listened to what you told her.”
“What do I do with it?”
“I feel like a crappy mate, but I can’t answer that. It’s up to you if you want to try and build a relationship, or cut her off, or ma, e not make a decision now and wait to see if the change lasts,” I told him. “No matter what you decide, I will support you,” I added to let him know he wasn’t alone.
“I think I will let it be for now. There has been enough family drama for now.” I nodded and we headed for dinner.
The talk between Sarah and her parents went well. Over the next few days, they had daily contact and Tamara sometimes joined in the calls as well. Both of them had been granted to stay in Sarah’s old pack. Both Finlay and I were relieved to know they had a safe place to go to and to know we didn’t need to extend their stay. Even if our relationship with both of them had become better, it was unnerving to have Sarah flinch every time Finlay walked into the room and there was an awkwardness with his mother. She tried, but it didn’t feel all the way genuine. The pack noticed it as well and I could see the looks they gave Sarah as she reacted to Finlay. They loved their Alpha and to see her think of him as some monster rubbed everyone the wrong way. The day they finally left for the airport, I breathed a sigh of relief.
1/2
Chapter 134-2
“If I had known what the two idiots were doing back then, I would have stopped them,” Matilda told us as we stood and watched as 
two warriors drove the two on to the airport.
“It’s not your fault. At least now we don’t have to try and find a reason why things have turned out the way they did,” Finlay told
her. 
“True. And now they are gone, the pack can get back to normal,” she agreed.
“Are you okay with letting your sister leave?” I asked.
“Oh yes. I think we make better sisters with some distance betweens, that way I don’t get the strong urge to kill her when I think about her stupidity,” Matilda said with warmth. Both Finlay and I laughed and I gave her a hug.
###Battle of Fate 156
“Finn!” Amie demanded.
“Whu?” I asked as I had been asleep only seconds earlier and hadn’t managed to wake my brain entirely.
“I need you to wake up,” she told me. My brain worked on muscle memory and since it wasn’t a muscle, it didn’t do a good job.
“You’re pregnant again?” I asked. I could hear her groaning and it wasn’t a happy one. It was definitely an irritated one. It made me speed up the waking up process.
“I’m still pregnant with the first one, at least a little longer,” she pointed out. It was true, I realised. It made my question a moment earlier look a little stupid.
“Are you okay?” I asked, almost entirely awake. I put my hand on her large belly out of habit and as I did, I felt it harden and Amie whimpered. I was wide awake. “Amie?” The panic was clear in my voice.
“It’s okay Finn. I think our pup is coming,” she told me.
“Now?” I asked.
“Yes now. Why are you surprised? I am already a week past the due date!” 
“Right. I knew this was coming. We have prepared for this,” I told her and tried to sound like I was in control over the situation. In my mind, I was trying to think of what we had planned to do. And I was drawing a blank. My brain had zero information in it, it was a miracle it still remembered how to keep me breathing.
“Wake my parents, I will mindlink Medow and Matilda,” she told me.
“Right,” I said, getting out of bed and heading towards the door.
“Love, pants,” she told me. I stopped and looked down at my naked body.
“Right, they don’t need to see that,” I agreed. I heard Amie giggling from our bed. I threw on some pants and headed to our guest room. I knocked on the door and a moment later Ron opened the door, thankfully also wearing pants.
“Is it time?” he asked.
“Yes,” I said.
“I’ll be right there. Mindlink the healer,” I heard Amie’s mom call from the room.
“Will do!” I headed back to Amie, I didn’t want her to be alone. I mindlinked our healer and Hugo said he would be right over with his colleague. I trusted Ron would mindlink Elder. He, Becky and Mino had come along with Amie’s parents. As our second guest room now was a nursery, Elder and his family stayed in the pack house. Amie was sitting on the edge of the bed, wearing one of my t–shirts. “How are you holding up?” I asked as I walked up to her.
I’m okay. Happy to finally get this over with,” she told me and leaned her head against me. I massaged her scalp with my fingers and she sighed happily.
Jake, Amie is in labour. I’m handing the pack off to you and Shelly for a couple of days,‘ I mindlinked Jake.
‘Congratulations! We will stop by in a while,” he told me. There was knock on the door and Amies mother and my aunt walked in. My aunt had been put on mate keeping duty by Amie. She was there to make sure I didn’t kill a healer or something like that. I huffed. I was an Alpha. I had my dignity and my self–constraint was top level.
An hour later I had Hugo pinned against the wall.
“You will make the pain stop!” I growled at him as I felt my claws grow. My wolf and I were in agreement. If he couldn’t take away
is sole purpose was to make people feel better. If he couldn’t
the pain our mate was feeling, he deserved to die. He was the healer do it, he was useless. A sharp pain radiated through me and I yelped
“You will let the nice healer go and you will focus on your mate. Amie needs you,” my aunt told me as she twisted my ear.
“I will,” I promised.
“Grown ass Alpha acting like this,” she muttered as she dragged me by the ear back to the bed where Amie’s mom was talking to Amie in a hushed voice. Guilt hit me for abandoning Amie to go after the healer. Part of me still thought he deserved it, but Amie was more important. When I got to Amies side, my aunt let go of my ear. I was grateful it was still attached to my head. Both Amie and her mom smiled at me, even though Amie’s looked a little more tense.
###Battle of Fate 157
“Thank you Matilda, I knew you were the right choice,” Amie told my aunt.
“I will keep my eye on him, dear. You just focus on bringing the pup into the world,” my aunt told her. Her voice soft.
“My Ron was the same. The healers almost refused to come when Armeria was born because of how he acted when I had Elder,” Melissa told us.
“Go downstairs and get Amie some tea, Medow has it ready,” my aur told me two hours later.
“Then she can bring it up here, I’m not leaving,” I said. I was next to Amie, sitting on the bed and holding her hand. She was taking a breather and almost looked like she was sleeping.
“Finlay, you need a break. Hugo says it won’t be long until the real work starts. Take five minutes and stretch your legs so you will be ready when it starts,” she told me. I folded and placed a kiss on Amie’s forehead and she smiled in response. I headed downstairs and was met by a livingroom full of people. Jake and his entire family was there, as was Sam, Medow and Martina. Elder was talking with Ramses while Shelly and Kayla watched Mino and Ramses‘ daughter sleep. Medow walked up to me and handed me a cup of
tea.
“How are things going?” she asked.
“Good, I think,” I said. She smiled at me.
“That is good then. We have got things under control here, so you can focus on Amie and the pup,” she said.
“Thank you,” I told her and headed upstairs again.
An hour later my heart was on its way to explode as Hugo placed a perfect little pup in Amie’s arms and I wrapped my arm around Amie and looked down at the miracle she was holding.
“He is perfect,” I said, gently running my finger over his head.
“He is,” Amie agreed.
“Congratulations,” my aunt and Amie’s mom said as one.
“Thank you,” we both said, still too mesmerised to look away from our son. I was vaguely aware everyone left the room and gave us time to bond. I had made several announcements to the pack about pups being born. But as I focused on the pack mindlink I was struck by the enormity of the moment. I was about to tell my pack that Amie and I had a son. I had created this pack and they had followed me into uncertainty. For a long time, I had shouldered the responsibility by myself. Then Amie came and took some of the burden. As a pack we had shown we were a force to be reckoned with in our world. And now I was about to announce the birth of the second generation of Alphas.
‘I have the honour of announcing the birth of Amie’s and my son, Asher Martin Cadwick. He is now one with the pack,‘ I sent out. The joy and congratulations that flooded back were heartwarming and Amie beamed at me. She looked tired, but happy.
“Are you up for some visitors?” I asked her after Asher had finished his first meal.
“I am,” she told me. I was leaning against the headboard of the bed with one arm around her and my other hand resting on Asher’s head. Amie’s parents were the first ones up.
“I am honoured you gave him my middle name,” Ron told us as he held his grandson. It had been an easy choice. Both Amie and I liked the name and we figured he would be called Ash for short. That fits well with the plant theme in their family. Ron, besides being Amie’s dad, also felt like my dad as well. Our son couldn’t get better namesake than him. Next up was Elder and Shelly with Mino. Mino climbed up on the bed and sat next to Aime to stare at the pup.
“Would you like a little brother like this?” Amie asked him.
“Don’t go putting ideas into his head little sister,” Elder said. She giggled at him and handed Asher over to his uncle. One by one, our friends stopped by, they congratulated us and said hello to our son. No one lingered. I took Amie to the bathroom and helped her to take a quick shower before tucking her into bed and let Asher have his second meal. When we were sure he was happy and sleepy, I put him in the little crib I had made which fitted to the side of the bed. I got into bed next to Amie and helped her get comfortable.
“Are you happy?” I asked her.
“I am,” she said and I felt something wet on my chest.
“Are you crying?” I asked.
“I am, but they are happy tears. We have a son,” she told me.
“We do,” I agreed and felt myself get tears in my eyes. 
“I love you Finn.”
“And I love you, Red. I will spend the rest of my life thanking every deity known to man that I stopped at that diner and found you,” I told her.
“Best decision I ever made when I let you talk me into coming here. I stayed awake as long as I could. I listened to Amie falling asleep, to the unfamiliar sound of Asher’s heartbeats and my wolf memorised his son’s scent.
###Battle of Fate 158
8 years later
“Wake up, Red,” Finlay told me and kissed me.
“Is something wrong?” I asked, worried.
“No, just scent the air,” he told me. I rubbed the sleep from my eyes and took in the scent. I sat up in bed and looked out of the window. It was early, but I could still see the show. It was snowing and a good deal was already on the ground.
“Snow!” I told him excitedly. He smiled at me and nodded.
“I will get the pups ready and mindlink Jake,” he said.
“I will make breakfast and pack lunch as I mindlink Medow and Ramses,” I told him. We both got out of bed and got dressed. I was almost done with the oatmeal porridge when Asher came running into the room.
“Mom, it’s snowing!” he exclaimed and hugged me. I hugged him back.
“It sure is. Please set the table so we can have breakfast,” I told him. He did as he was told and I enjoyed the excitement I could feel from him. Finlay came into the kitchen still trying to wrangle Lilly into a sweater. When he finally got her head to pop out of the thing, her red curls were a mess and she pouted. He kissed her nose which made her giggle. He put her down in her booster seat. While I served breakfast, Finlay managed to get Lilly’s hair into two pigtails.
“Lilly, it’s snowing today so we will have a snow day,” Asher excitedly told his sister. Lilly made an excited squeal. I wasn’t sure how much she remembered from last year’s snow days. But she knew her big brother was excited, and that meant she was excited. After the relatively calm breakfast, chaos erupted as everybody needed to get into their winter clothes, the lunch needed to be packed and the sleds needed to be found in the storage. We came out of the chaos without any injuries and with two excited pups. We walked the short distance to the pack house to wait for the others. Cadence and Jon came walking with Rose in between them. No one had been surprised when it turned out Cadence and Jon were mates. They had been inseparable since they first met as pups.
“I could have come here on my own,” Rose told them.
“You could have, but dad asked me to walk with you on my way to my shift,” Cadence said.
“And what is your excuse?” she asked Jon as she glared at him.
“I just like keeping an eye on you,” he told her. She rolled her eyes, but I could see she enjoyed the attention. I heard the sound of the group of pups before they reached us. Ramses was walking with his two daughters, Martina and her younger brother, Sam junior.
“Sam says thank you and don’t feel like you need to come back too soon,” Ramses said and laughed before he kissed both his daughters and waved as he walked away.
“Everyone ready?” I asked. Everyone cheered.
“Maybe I can skip patrolling today,” Cadence said and looked longingly at the group of pups.
“Maybe don’t say that in front of the Alpha and Luna, babe,” Jon told him and both Finlay and I laughed. We took the group of pups and headed for the slope in the woods. The group of pups were like a little pack of their own. They had grown up together and were used to being in a group. Asher, Rose and Martina took the lead and helped the younger ones who needed a little help. Tonya, Ramses‘ oldest daughter, was a little bit shy and enjoyed sticking with the younger pups. Lilly was her usual curious self. Even though at five years old, the snow was giving her some issues, she persisted in exploring the woods. Asher made sure she didn’t wander too far away. From time to time he would point out things to her and tell her what they were.
We arrived at the sledding slope and the pups went wild. Finlay and had trouble keeping up with their never ending energy and
1/2
Epilogue–1
their running up the hill to sled down.
“What are we feeding these beasts?” Finlay asked me after an hour.
“I don’t know, but it makes for happy pups,” I told him and laughed as Martina hit Asher with a snowball. The indignity on my son’s.
face was so much like the expression his dad used I had to hold my de to keep it from cramping.
Game of Destiny
###Battle of Fate 159
8 years later
“Wake up, Red,” Finlay told me and kissed me.
“Is something wrong?” I asked, worried.
“No, just scent the air,” he told me. I rubbed the sleep from my eyes and took in the scent. I sat up in bed and looked out of the window. It was early, but I could still see the show. It was snowing and a good deal was already on the ground.
“Snow!” I told him excitedly. He smiled at me and nodded.
“I will get the pups ready and mindlink Jake,” he said.
“I will make breakfast and pack lunch as I mindlink Medow and Ramses,” I told him. We both got out of bed and got dressed. I was almost done with the oatmeal porridge when Asher came running into the room.
“Mom, it’s snowing!” he exclaimed and hugged me. I hugged him back.
“It sure is. Please set the table so we can have breakfast,” I told him. He did as he was told and I enjoyed the excitement I could feel from him. Finlay came into the kitchen still trying to wrangle Lilly into a sweater. When he finally got her head to pop out of the thing, her red curls were a mess and she pouted. He kissed her nose which made her giggle. He put her down in her booster seat. While I served breakfast, Finlay managed to get Lilly’s hair into two pigtails.
“Lilly, it’s snowing today so we will have a snow day,” Asher excitedly told his sister. Lilly made an excited squeal. I wasn’t sure how much she remembered from last year’s snow days. But she knew her big brother was excited, and that meant she was excited. After the relatively calm breakfast, chaos erupted as everybody needed to get into their winter clothes, the lunch needed to be packed and the sleds needed to be found in the storage. We came out of the chaos without any injuries and with two excited pups. We walked the short distance to the pack house to wait for the others. Cadence and Jon came walking with Rose in between them. No one had been surprised when it turned out Cadence and Jon were mates. They had been inseparable since they first met as pups.
“I could have come here on my own,” Rose told them.
“You could have, but dad asked me to walk with you on my way to my shift,” Cadence said.
“And what is your excuse?” she asked Jon as she glared at him.
“I just like keeping an eye on you,” he told her. She rolled her eyes, but I could see she enjoyed the attention. I heard the sound of the group of pups before they reached us. Ramses was walking with his two daughters, Martina and her younger brother, Sam junior.
“Sam says thank you and don’t feel like you need to come back too soon,” Ramses said and laughed before he kissed both his daughters and waved as he walked away.
“Everyone ready?” I asked. Everyone cheered.
“Maybe I can skip patrolling today,” Cadence said and looked longingly at the group of pups.
“Maybe don’t say that in front of the Alpha and Luna, babe,” Jon told him and both Finlay and I laughed. We took the group of pups and headed for the slope in the woods. The group of pups were like a little pack of their own. They had grown up together and were used to being in a group. Asher, Rose and Martina took the lead and helped the younger ones who needed a little help. Tonya, Ramses‘ oldest daughter, was a little bit shy and enjoyed sticking with the younger pups. Lilly was her usual curious self. Even though at five years old, the snow was giving her some issues, she persisted in exploring the woods. Asher made sure she didn’t wander too far away. From time to time he would point out things to her and tell her what they were.
We arrived at the sledding slope and the pups went wild. Finlay and had trouble keeping up with their never ending energy and
1/2
Epilogue–1
their running up the hill to sled down.
“What are we feeding these beasts?” Finlay asked me after an hour.
“I don’t know, but it makes for happy pups,” I told him and laughed as Martina hit Asher with a snowball. The indignity on my son’s.
face was so much like the expression his dad used I had to hold my de to keep it from cramping.
Game of Destiny
###Battle of Fate 160
“Dad!” he called out.
“Yet son?”
“What do I do? I can’t hit her because she’s a girl,” Asher complaine
“Hey! Just because I’m a girl doesn’t mean I can’t fight. I dare you to a snowball fight!” Marting told him.
“Dad?” Asher asked.
“It’s okay, Ash. She knows what she is doing.” Finlay told him. The snowball fight was a fact. Finlay and I watched the chans. There didn’t seem to be any teams, just everyone against everyone. Lilly hadn’t figured out how to make snowballs, or maybe she had but liked her way better. She used her smallness and sneaked up on her victims and stuffed snow up their jackets from behind.
“She is so your daughter,” Finlay told me as he chuckled. Yeah, I couldn’t deny it. After almost an hour we had managed to calm them down so we could eat. I was grateful for the break. After lunch, we built snowmen. Lilly and Asher made a cat. They had been nagging us to get one ever since they had learnt their cousins had got a bunny.
‘Should we just get them one?‘ Finlay asked in a mindlink.
‘I thought you were afraid it would scratch them,‘ I reminded him.
‘I still am. But maybe we can teach it not to.‘ I smiled and kissed him. He would give the pups the moon if they asked for it.
“I think it would be nice,‘ I agreed. We snuck away and changed into our wolves. The final chase was always fun and the pups giggled in joy as they chased us around. Before I knew it, it was time to head back. It got dark early this time of year and the smaller ones hadn’t really got their night sight yet. Finlay and I mindlinked the parents and they stood waiting for us as we got to
the pack house.
“You didn’t lose anyone this year either,” Sam said as he lifted Samie into his arms.
“No, they all behaved,” Finlay told him. Both me and Medow rolled our eyes. 
“Come along,” I told my little monsters. “Dad has promised to make dinner so I thought we would call grannie and grandad,” I told
them.
“Yes!” they both called out and rushed towards the house.
“Where do they get the energy from?” I said. Finlay put his arm around me as we followed.
“Tired?” he asked.
“No more than what is to be expected. How about you? Are you up for cooking or should we just get food from the kitchen?”
“I will cook. It’s relaxing,” he assured me. We got home and got the pups out of their jackets and shoes. I lit the fireplace and sat down on the couch. Asher and Lilly got onto the couch on each side of me. I called my parents.
“Pumpkin, hello,” my dad answered. “And if it isn’t Sprout and Ladybug. It looks like you had a lot of fun today,” he added. My mom came into view and dad pulled her down in his lap.
“Grannie!” Lilly called out.
“Hi there,” my mom said. Asher and Lilly started to tell my parents about their day. My mom and dad listened like it was the most
1/2
Epilogue–2
interesting thing they heard in their life, I was lucky to have as amazing parents as I had. The pope adored them and they love pups. Once a Fidei, Becky, Mino and their youngest son kohe. It was always fun, and the courting got along great, famen and carat were alon invited along with their son Max. Max was a year younger than Ash and together with Mino and Robe they hart formed a fight Britt group. When Lilly came along, the four boys banded together to protect her. It was really amusing to watch. My parents alea ramie to our pack once a year, which meant it never went more than six months between né toving each other. Sometimes Eller art his family came as well. When Asher and Lilly had talked to their grandparents, they stayed for a while as I talked to thens, Bfrom the telling me about a new type of garden bed she had seen online when Finlay came walking. Ffe lifted Asher up and dat down wit him on his lap, which our son didn’t enjoy as he thought he was too big for that.
Far Finlay and I would take the pups to see them. We Would spent a couple of weake in my did pack with my parents
Game of Destiny
###Battle of Fate 161
Epilogue–3 
“Hello Ron, Melissa,” he said.
“Finlay, I have heard you had a long day,” my mom said.
“I’m getting old, the pups wear me out,” my mate told her and we all laughed.
“Is dinner ready?” I asked. Finlay nodded.
“We will let you eat. Love you all,” dad told us. The pups were hungry and that
had spent the day running around,
A couple of hours later and both of them were tucked in bed, sleeping like watched the fire slowly turn to embers.
“We have a good life,” Finlay said.
stomachs seemed bottomless. On top of that, they
were dead. Finlay and I sat on the couch and
“We do,” I agreed. Things had been calm and stable since Asher was born. Just the usual squabbles between other packs and the occasional showdown at the Alpha meetings. That was just part of werewolf life. We still had almost eight months to the next Games and the pack was in better shape than it had been ten years ago. Jake had already told us he would sit this one out, he was feeling too old. I hadn’t discussed it with Finlay, but Cadence would be a good substitute. Even if he was more physical than his father, he still had the same brain. It was an interesting combination As he was a warrior under Sam’s command, he was well
trained.
“My mother texted before, when I was making dinner,” Finlay said.
“How is she?” I asked.
“She’s doing good. It’s a little lonely for her now that Sarah has chosen a mate. But she is still happy in the pack,” he told me. I snuggled in closer. Finlay’s and his mother’s relationship was better than it had been. It wasn’t a mother–son relationship, more like acquaintances. But she was civil and she kept in touch. Mostly through texts. She had visited once, when Lilly was just born. We had asked if she would like us to visit, but she always gave us evasive answers, so we had stopped asking. The pups knew they had another grandmother and they got birthday gifts from her every year and sometimes they would talk to her on the phone. But it wasn’t like the relationship they had with my parents. I knew Finlay was fine with how things were. It worked for everyone.
“Time for bed?” I asked.
“Yes. The little buggers have tired themselves out. I think we can have some adult fun,” he told me and wiggled his eyebrows.
“Deal,” I agreed and kissed him. He was just as an amazing dad as he was an amazing mate and Alpha. I had waited a long time for him, but it was worth it and I loved how our relationship had a solid foundation of friendship and mutual respect. I giggled as he stood up and pulled me into a fireman’s carry and headed up the stairs.
“Amie, wake up!”
“What?” I asked. It was too early in the morning. We had only got to sleep a couple of hours earlier. “Is it snowing again?” Even I had my limits.
“Scent the air,” he told me and kissed my head. I did and froze.
“Is this your way of keeping me out of the Games?” I asked. He chuckled happily.
“I don’t think you can blame me alone for this,” he said.
1/2 
Epilogue–3
“Do you think we can handle three of them?” I asked.
“Pit, easy. We will have to extend the house to build another bedroom,” he said.
Or two of them can share,” I suggested.
“No, we have the means to extend it and I like the idea of them having their own space. If we do an extension next to your office on the ground floor and then add the same on the second floor. I could move my office next doors to yours and we can make my office into a playroom.” I smiled and kissed him. Three pups. The pack was going to go crazy. As were Asher and Lilly. Finlay put his hand
on my still flat stomach. “I love you, Red. And I love all of our pups and the family we all make,” he told me.
“I love you too, Finn. More for each and every day.”
